i used this for my emblems and they did exactly what it was supposed too , and has help protect the emblems .
great frame for front of the car , fits nicely and protects the plate and the car bumper of our new car .
this tool worked great removing and re installing the oil filter canister on my 2011 toyota sienna . it can't get better than this
the gauge on this wire is only 16gauge and it will not safely power all the items that you may wish to run off your battery .
i hadn't tried rain-x wipers before , but they rock . and here are 11 more words , which seems pointless but its amazon
this is my 3rd order and i can really say it works well . i have tried to use another product but lucas is truly better .
looks great and very well made ! great for any jeep lover and i would highly recommend to a friend .
it is just an oil filter , out with the old in with the new one , as long as it fits it is done
works fine to recharge my fading harley battery . seems to reach a full charge faster than specs indicate.have used it several times , well pleased for price .
i keep the battery charged in my buick grand national with a battery tender junior . takes up very little space and does the job well .
the brush is well made but it does not hold car wash well and you have to keep dipping it in the bucket .
can't go wrong with lucas fluids ! pretty self explanatory really - a high quality conventional gear oil . great price too
this is a great product for the money . worked as described and built very well . highly recommend this to anyone that works on their own cars .
not the best . does a fair job but isn't ideal for heavier paint work . better off going with menzerna's , my two cents .
there was nothing wrong with this mirror it was jut to long for my needs . i bought a smaller one
what can i say ? great replacement to those broken latches for your cargo doors , a must to keep in your parts drawer
using a little permatex dielectric grease on the spark plug connectors will help remove them later as well as sealing out moisture .
great product to cover inside of auto . works better than other products that offer protection of dash . just the right look when finished .
use the tool everyday , i think i loan it out too much lol . great tool to have for a beginning gs
great for what these were made for the price is also very good would tell anybody if you buy these you wont be sorry
worked perfectly ! takes the guess work out of purging your cooling system . lots of attachments for various vehicles . no leaks either " not a drip ! "
first time i zipped pants leg the zipper broke off right in my hand lol now that's quality . buy something else !
hooked these strips up to my amp for my subs and the beat with the music . these are great . sweet
i have one , so does a friend . easy to install . we have never had a problem , keep the battery going all winter .
very easy to use . great for not only leveling , but tire changing as well . a must have i your rv tool box
great stuff , i've been using it for several years now and will keep putting it on parts to prevent rust .
quality productultra brightworks excellent with my bmwwill buy more again ! hope this review helps you ! :) buy !
have to be careful in the application , but really works well . trim looks like new after several months in sc sun .
like i said i am not a big fan of " good for a year " tires but this belt is very well made .
makes nice bubbles , but not bad ones , and it washes the grime off fine . i think it's a good product .
meguiar's clay kit took the bugs ground into the front of my 2011 gmc terrain without marring the surface . very solid product .
this was a replacement for a 20 year old radio shack multimeter and seems to be well built and very functional . i would recommend this product .
bought 2 of them from amazon , came quickly and you can leave them plugged in continuously to monitor your battery and charging system .
this item works just as described ! i like it for the uses it offers and i'm grateful i bought it .
don't get ripped off buying any other panel openers . this works perfectly fine and gets the job done . very happy with purchase .
this tool provides a simple way to diagnose wiring problems , more specifically it lets you isolate the problem to either the tow vehicle or trailer .
not much to say here , dielectric grease . works as advertised , large enough tube that should last quite a while . thanks !
exaclty the same as the oem filter i dug out of the glove box . this one was the exact same but so much cheaper .
this product is good for your car which i recommend to get when your lights blow out and need another bulb .
i got these to buff some metal parts to finish a mirror polish . works awesome and gets that shine nice and strong .
independent testing results revealed that this was the best value oil filter on the market . well made on the inside .
delivered on time and easy to use ... strong enough and pliable for everyone to use in my family ... no complaints so i gift it a good rating . . . .
cheap and quick fix for those of you with aging pullstraps . ours were literally falling apart . sliding out the old and in with the new took seconds .
this strainer works , but can't fit even full size plates ! it also is very flimsy . i would find another one !
a neat little towel to get the last drop of water without wringing out the towel . i think you should get one .
it does the job of giving you the scan codes . you can also clear check engine lights with it . good purchase .
really nice rain suit inexpensive but well made and looks nice . very good protection from the weather . i would reccomend .
the mounting brackets for these lights suck . the lights are pretty bright but i have no use for it since i can't mount it nicely .
directions say work into foam , which never happened . i think i could have used tap water and got same results .
if you need anti-seize well just get this one it rules them all . this compound is copper and works really well ! a must have for brake repairs .
i used these to put a fuse on my led fogs . it worked great and came with 5 . what more could you ask for ?
what else is there to say . hope it holds up to holding my winch mount . we will find out . blah
mobil 1 is my all time favorite oil and according to most people , it is the numbe one trusted brand .
this stuff is great . it must have a thin liquid type of wax in that that makes it rinse on its own .
extension cable for inverter . can set up inverter a good ways away from car if i need to . just handy to have .
excellent quality . american made . top notch all the way around . built to last .
fit well , a bit important to line them up perfectly thanks to the jeeps angles . removable logo , not melted in or painted on like some .
i bought these to use on cleaning my rims . they're the perfect size and have a comfortable grip . it's like having a toothbrush for my car . :)
worked great in our 2005 chrysler 300 , 2002 buick century and 2000 dodge dakota 4x4 . i use my tablet for looking at all the reading .
this product works great by getting out any overspray or adhesives off the clear coat without damaging it . highly recommended to help get out stubborn light scratches .
works well when applying car waxes.easy to use and gets in to the paints finish for more depth.would buy again .
this works great . it's sturdy and fit's nice and snug in a standard 5 gallon bucket . i will be ordering more of these in the future .
it was easy to put into the grease gun . also , it was easy to clean and to squeeze out of the grease gun .
love this ! i don't scald my arm on my console anymore in the hot west texas sun ! i highly recommend it !
works great with my motor home , i blew out the antifreeze in the lines before beginning the sanitizing process and again before loading with clear filtered water
this was exactly what i needed for transporting my fishing kayak in the bed of my f - 150 . easy to assemble and works great !
very neat design , it fited perfectly on my wrangler 2000 ' light does not bother my eyes at at all , good material .
i needed it , so i had to buy it i elt it could had been cheaper but it got the job done .
after 3 oil changes , things are looks much cleaner with this oil . i am sticking with it for a good while over more spendy ones .
best sewer hose on the market . works great and is very durable . works great with the 15 foot sewer hose .
icky , sticky , aromatic , and does its job within its design range . this product is easy to use even for beginners .
i wanted to like this but all it did was squeak and bounce across the glass and the car surface , leaving the water behind . it was useless .
i put these on my 2012 jeep wrangler rubicon . they look good and are doing well protecting the door sills .
they work - and increase the volume of blast from my bike - but be prepared to sort out the wiring on your own ...
did not make it look like paint was wet i personaly use magualers . i like the wet look from that
bought it for a spare bulb so when the other one burns out i have one.they work like factory part and would recommend to every one .
great hose and rugged . i like the connections far better than the other brand and the rhino is a very tough hose .
worked great on a 03 civic hybrid . no codes after a couple thousand miles . easy to isntall with the right tools ( took about 5 minutes ) .
the dealer wanted to charge me $ 39 for this filter and i bought this and replaced it myself - will buy again - at the lower price
size is just right for our nissan sentra ... very easy to put over the top and reaches all around , just as easy to take off . . .
this dog bone seems to be well built , the grips are solid and the cable doesn't seem to get hot even when running the a / c .
the car wash smells like cherry's and is high quality for the cheap price . griot's garage products are really good products and recommend for a detailer and enthusiasts .
using these to tie down the harley and very satisfied . the double hook loop makes securing even better that it would be without .
great idea for the guy who has everything , a drill bit ti raise and lower the jacks on the trailer
a perfect fit to finish off a 2 " receiver hitch . it looks great and does not rattle when you drive .
it works as it says . hooked it up on the bike for a long distance 12v connection on travels and head phones .
right part number and looks good . clean package box although the tube ends did not have the caps like fram , but will take motorcraft any day .
i applied this based on other users responses . it seemed to soften the leather . i will see how it goes with continued usage
happy with it so far . wife likes it . i keep one for a spare in the car in case of bad weather .
i always use techron before every oil change on both my cars . it keeps everything running smooth . the six pack is a good deal .
this pad takes off the tough stuff . use it , then use a 9000 - series pad for final buffing . you'll love the result .
great extension for the battery tender for those situations which require the additional length . it arrived exactly as described and worked exactly as advertised .
we beat this to death and it stands up to the nasty job ! flexible but rigid enough to stretch out long distant . collapses well for storage too .
easy install and solid as a rock ! wiring harness fit perfectly and was also an easy install . would recommend to anyone .
well worth the price ! i use these on every car i do and the are the best priced wheel brushes you can find .
tri-flow tf0021060 superior lubricant drip bottle - 6 ozdon't buy any other similar lube . this is still the best.yep !
this saves on the step of your rv . i use it all the time . it adjusted to the height you need . every camper needs one .
this comes with everything . i bought the same kit for my buddy so he could wash his m3 . high quality stuff . works great on my evo x
good but idk if its all its cracked up to be it smells very nice and is almost as good as there snowfoam shampoo from them
i have to untie the hooks from the net every single time that i remove it from the seat . it is not rigid like other brands .
arrived quickly . the product is good and you can't beat the price for exactly what is does ( cover the end bumper hole ) ...
handy gadget to give you more usb and 12v outlets in your truck , but it takes up a cup holder which i don't like .
great extension cord and it's really long ! perfect and long enough to reach anywhere in my suv . would recommend it .
this made wiring the brake controller in my 2000 f150 take less than 5 minutes . it was so easy , an idiot could do it .
material seems to be a bit thin but it does its job well . it fits my vtx 1300c with sissy bar perfectly .
perfect size for use between spokes . but is very small . recommend keeping this in the zip lock bag it comes in to make it harder to lose .
i love this thing ! no more hand cranking the scissor jacks up and down . attach this thing to my cordless driver and wa la ! awesome ! !
fit tightly in the bumper after i feed the septic hose in . should keep everything as it should be when traveling . arrived on time and packaged good .
works as intended , easy to plug in and charge the motorcycle batteries . i double checked with volt meter at the end of charging and was at proper voltage
l've been using purolator for a while in combination with my 15k mobil oil . protects my cars engine every 10k
works great . came recommended from local repair / tire shop.very easy to read dial and blow off valve built into dial is fantastic !
waited too long to get this ... after breaking connectors and fingernails it was time ... good tool and a fair price - made in usa ! !
great helmet and love the fit . very well made and i ordered a second for my woman . she loves her's too ...
they are really nice ! they don't work on the out side of a motorcycle helmet but i kept them because they would work great just with no helmet !
works great especially for me in my rv going from campground to campground . i have had plenty of trouble trying to open the sewer cap
didnt work . gimmick . dont take this product as anything better than any other product claiming to do the same thing .
this sticker makes zombies think your vehicle has already been hit so they pass you by . very effective at protecting your vehicle from intrusion .
i have these charger pig tails on all of my toys ( atv , rzrs and motorcycles ) . they plug right in to the battery tenders .
it was a perfect fit , and an easy job to switch this out . save some money and do this job yourself .
good blade for the money.it is not the best blade around but for this price , cant beat it , anywhere .
yes , these are wheel chocks . they're not fancy , but they will hold a round piece of rubber just fine .
these will fit your jack stands unlike other brands that are too small.they came with in 3 days and they are made well .
handy little kit to keep the filters running good . simple directions and easy to clean . this is a must for anyone using these cold air filters
not much to say , it either works or it doesn't ... this product is not rocket science and does what it claims .
came on time excellent quality works well with the multi meter i would recommend this product to any one who asks about them
needs nothing.works great.easy to understand.highly recommend buying one for reading and clearing codes . i used mine on my toyota pickup under the dash .
this is really nice . its stainless steel so it wont rust an the bumper stops the bang and noise . plus it keeps the door open .
over 5 years and still does great . let's me hook up on one side of the garage and maintain the battery on the other side
great item . works just like it's supposed to . arrived in mint condition . would order another or recommend to a friend who was looking for one .
managed to get off some finger nail scratches under the handle area but requires some extra force to do it .
the product is very easy to use all you have to do is follow the directions and that's about it it will do the rest as it say
i don't have other options to really compare it to , but this one fits great and is extremely easy to install .
it really accepts any size cup , glass , or can . folds out of way when not in use . worth the money .
this makes draining you water heater a breeze compared to removing plugs etc . pretty simple to use and does the trick .
if you need to lift a tank , be sure to buy 2.view tips and guidelines | 8 more words required
these levelers work great , especially if you're camped on unlevel surfaces . coupled with the chocks , they make leveling a snap .
fits like a charm . looks great on the jeep rubicon x with black shackles .
good when on your motorcycle . a little tight fitting over the head to cover your neck , but it will keep the cold wind off of you .
foams up great with my mtm hydro foam lance . suds up and removes a lot of dirt prior to rinsing !
the bulb is bright like a sun , it shines smooth silver light much stronger than the stock bulbs . will see how long will it last .
this affordable plastic sewer hose support works well for our trailer needs . i like that it's compact and easy to close . highly recommend !
very heavy duty plastic and solid construction . these work as advertised ( using on a 16 foot 2700 pound travel trailer with 24 " tires ) .
i used this to protect a couple of relays under the hood of my vehicle and it worked great and keep the relays cool .
screws are very soft and are easy to strip and not stainless.plate is flimsy so think thoroughly about how to secure it best
works so far as advertised . this is an extra can i bought if i needed more paint . 3 more words required . not happening .
i've used it once so far in the winter and it paid for itself easily compared to a $ 150 wrecker call-out for extraction from a snow drift .
never knew how great these things were ! this is the perfect size ! i can just throw the bolts to it and they never get lost !
replaced used wash cloth . very good buy . fits my hand and easy to use . leaves fewer mistakes from being made large and square .
these are good little lights at a fair price , don't think you can beat the price and they shine brite .
does a great job at keeping the wheels chocked on all types of surfaces . very pleased so far . a lot better than using 2x4 ' s .
convenient , easy to store when not in use and i know where to find it . also quality heat shrink non-adhesive .
i cannot say enough about these towels , fantastic ! easy to use , soft and leave no water marks . i do wish they were slightly larger .
if you care about your vehicles finish , you should use one or two of these for your 2 bucket wash .
product was exactly as described ! no defects or problems , recieved when promised , what you want when you order a product online . 2013 jeep jk 2 door
great product . easy and fast installation with great directions . they even had pictures ! nice product and it works great .
purchased these wipers for my wife's gmc acadia . so for they have performed very well . they've lasted 6 months with no trouble .
works just like the original did , no issues just remember not to touch the glass with with your hands , ok .
put these on my boat trailer for storage in the az sun . no complaints so far . i would recommend these .
this product works great nice and even spreading of wax , nice and easy to hold onto . i used it with mother synthetic wax and it works great .
like it a lot . purchased because the old one rusted , and wanted something that would hold up . good product and built tuff .
the lexol cleaner works just as claimed . i used it on a small , out of the way patch before doing all the seats in our vehicle .
clipped onto the doorlock and door latch rods securely and installed onto the inner door release handle nice and firm . worked perfectly .
this thing is amazing i had a fiat and it made changing the oil easy as pie ! i just wish i could use it on more cars .
didn't do anything for the scratches , no impact at all ! frankly , i am highly disappointed . do not recommend you to buy and use this .
belt was shipped fast . it is of great quality as usual from goodyear . it is of perfect size and fit for my truck .
i attached these to my travel trailer . this product makes it easy to level both front to rear and side to side .
the floor mats are a great fit in my 2013 wrangler unlimited sport . they hold a lot and are easy to clean .
love the cigarette lighter attachment . seems well built and works well . price is much lower than other battery maintainers . so far so good
i can feel the difference . my engine is much smoother now . i used to have ngk for 4 years . great investment
not impossible , he'll i did it but lost some skin getting them in . look great once installed , just takes time .
i used this for the first time this past weekend . it made quick work at lowering and raising stabilizing jacks . i would but this again if needed .
these bosch blades work great . i was so happy with there performance i bought a set for my truck .
one of the best oil filters on the market . k & n is still the king but this filter comes very close . highly recommended !
i took this on a road trip to power my 10 meter galaxy radio and it worked great the whole time . would buy again !
about what you would expect , not super heavy duty but serve their purpose . i plan to pick up a few more to round out the set .
i bought this to revitalize the seals on my 10 year old rv . it does the job and is easy to use .
just got one to check it out , will definitely be getting two more for the camper . works exactly as advertised .
although this is not a cheap compressor it should last . it inflated a couple of tires fairly quickly and seems to be well built .
its ok ... ive used it on my dark green truck and it makes it look good . but nothing really special ...
i got this in case i ever needed to siphon gas because i would not want to suck gas into my mouth .
i have purchased maf sensor cleaner for my 2003 mazda 6 . it cleaned perfectly and dries in seconds . very simple .
meets all my criteria for shop rags . lots of them , and can wipe things up . makes it a good deal in my opinion .
this thing is huge ! its drys very well , and does not scratch the paint finish , for the price it beats all !
i got this to help remove oil filters on various motorcycles & my personal vehicle . works very well for getting torque in small spaces .
added a nice touch of class and installation and fit were a breeze . a little pricey but look'en good is priceless .
these seem to work a bit better than some of the other packets . maybe it's that my waste is stinkier than others '
use it for my lotus elise . no issues and seems like a high quality . would buy it again.price was good through amazon .
it is a good quality wax , but don't expect super shiny glossy finish from this wax . basically it is just a cleaner wax and not anything exotic .
this style of connector is limited in it's current carrying capability , but that aside these are good connectors with nice thick copper wire .
these work well for applying wax , sealant or even bug / tar remover . just be sure to wash them properly in order to keep them nice .
does a nice job and doesn't spray all over car when you drive . i like it better than the foam products .
i use this with the mother's wheel cleaner and all i can say is wow ! a must have for cleaning your whip's feet !
hooked this up to a cigarette adapter so i can charge my gps while riding my motorcycle . price was good .
works great from the cigarette lighter outlet to power a cell phone recharger and a 90w laptop . small and quiet .
don't waste your time buying all those cheap china knock-offs . this tire inflator is built solid and does the job .
i bought two of these i would say over a year ago . and they work great and they are still going strong . no problems at all
i have 3 cars and a boat . the boat has 3 batteries . this will accommodate regular car batteries to house batteries for the boat .
ugly , heavy , uncomfortable and hot . there is really nothing good to say about this jacket . save your money and order something else .
this went on very easily . quality item . can't comment on durability as of yet . hope it lasts a good while tho !
not much one can say about something simple but it works well and is made well . you won't go wrong .
does exactly what i had planned . fairly sturdy item that should perform well for a long time . not complicated to use .
these microfiber clothes really pick up any dust or wax particles left after a detail it really brings out the shine in any car
put this over cg black light for a deep wet look that last . easy on and easy off . just remember to do 2 coats for even coverage .
this product works great and i love it . im using it on my 2011 yamaha grizzly 700 . durable and great finish
clean and as described . no issue with the screws or the nylon nuts . it appeared the nuts were zinc plated ... ( ? )
303 is a great product , i used it for years and have always been very happy with it . thank you very much .
first time i bought a cargo net but i am happy i did.this thing can stretch and attach to anything .
this wax easily lasts six weeks and it adds a high level of shine to your paint that is sure to last .
well , i would buy it again ! it does what it is designed to do , rather well and is easy to adjust and or remove .
this works well . it is simple one button use and the light is bright enough to check tires in low light areas .
these work extremely well , have one on each end , front and back of wheels ( 4 ) , took 95 % of the movement out of trailer .
i do not know how bright they are because they did not fit any light assembly on the car ! uhg !
my car is looking tits baby ! ! use this for some deep shine in the sun ! ! i love all meguiars products !
leaves my tires looking like new . highly recommend this product if you really need to polish a turd . awesome results .
i love the netting and i have a trunk net and a side net to hold all my personal items and groceries
this is an effective metal polish . it seems to be pretty versatile , working well on jewelry and even chrome on your car . no complaints .
these have worked like a charm over the years ! great spark plugs and definitely better than oem ones ! i will buy them again ! :)
exactly what it should be . fits fine . stops leakage . no way to tell how long it will hold up but it is fine now .
these are just what i was looking for and an excellent price too ! would definitely buy again ... probably will in the future .
so much better than regular chocks that you put under the wheels . these really do help to stop any shaking .
for cleaning wheels this brush is light weight and easy on the wheels finish.it just a tad soft , but it works on all but the most soiled wheels .
i used to chase with a old spark plug with grooves cut into the threads , now i have real thread chaser
would be good if it came in black also , to match what we head . however it does the job admirably well .
last one lasted 11 years in my 99 fatboy . there are some posts talking about whether this fits in the bike - it does .
i tried using led bulbs , but the the fit was loose . this bulb fits perfectly and is just as bright as a led would be .
very light weight . easy to read . better than the gauge type that can go bad and you not know it .
replaced our original after 3 years . the one we had was all nasty black and eventually tore in the middle . this was an excellent repair product .
these are a good accessory to have because the clips are decent quality and the varied colors are helpful in keeping track of all the wires .
great quality and looks awesome ! bought it quite a while back and it still looks brand new , and that's on a farm truck to boot !
a must have for filling and draining the engine oil in a compact honda generator . it makes an otherwise messy job quick and clean . very well made .
works fine , nothing different from other needle greasers i have used . i have never had one wear out , i generally lose hem before that
these small items keeps the water away from the side of the rv ... this is an inexpensive great item = less work .
exact replacement from oem . exact fit worked perfect . have no fear on using this one it will suit your needs .
the best masking tape on the market ; body shops use these as well . made in canada . will buy it again when it runs out .
i bought this product to be the finishing tough eith my head-light re-storeing kit . good product to use on the plastic to clean . sw
this covers all bases and should be in every campers backup check list . does it all and you can see the results through the clear plastic .
the light guards look great and were pretty easy to install , even on a cold winter day . works well with the matching tail lights .
you must use mequiars products and pads if you want the best results ! ! ! i have tried others and they are top notch ! ! !
this holds milk , 2 liters and other tall items in place in you do not have to worry about them spilling as you travel .
works great , the cut outs are cut the way it is so you can put on your jack without having to take anything off to put this on .
this worked perfect to lower the front of my trailer to make it ride level .. a good product at a fair price .. i would recommend it !
i needed to aim my headlights correctly after buying aftermarket housings.did some research and found this tool , it works very well for my 01 ford taurus .
these filters are a great buy at this price point , and really improve the taste and odor of most campground water supplies .
very sturdy and well built feels like it last a very long time , worth every penny . for the price you definitely get your money's worth .
i put this oil in my 2010 infiniti g37x . and so far so good ! great price and packaging
i bought it based on the reviews , and i am glad i did . you will too ! it beats an old towel any day .
very easy to install clean area place your guard down mark your ends and then remove tape and place very easy .
installed on a 2012 jeep wrangler . very easy to install . i didn't even need the instructions ! very solid made . would recommend .
works just fine and useful for making sure that you are road legal and safe . easy to use and store .
i replace my toro mower with this oil which was recommended in the manual and for the price it is not a bad option
easy hook-up and a number of options for hook up all included . i would recommend these to everyone who needs this .
i use this in all my equipment , just add as the directions say . i think it's good preventive maintance.is not a fuel stabilizer
has to last longer than silverstar ! does not put out that yellow hue that typical oem head lights put out .
... and perfectly-suited for the intended purpose . that's all i can - or need to - say about it . case closed .
these square orange blocks work great and are very light . we use these orange lynx every trip to level the camper , just wish the earth was flat .
bought this to wax up the lexus for the first time in two years ... worked well and brought out a nice billiant shine .
this outlet is made of nice quality . it works great and i believe will last quite a while . i would buy again if needed .
i cant attest to any power gains but i do like k & n's product line . i have a k & n filter in all of my vehicles .
fits and looks great on my 2007 sequoia . i installed a metallic ( masonic ) car emblem on it and it looks awesome .
we have these on the awning of our rv . the metal portion rusted the first season we use them . would not buy replacements .
we noticed an immediate drop in temperature once installed . snug fit into the openings . keeps out the excess light and heat . great product .
he loved it . hope it works as well as it says . will update review in future .
this badge was super easy to install and is a great cheap mod . looks great for the people looking for a little different , bolder look
these levels work great and make setup a breeze . i did not mount with the supplied screws but may in the future .
currently have used them for 6 months with no issues . purchase to charge two jet skis in boathouse . working great . also purched two 12 ft extensions
did a nice job though the clay was a bit too tacky which required more of the spray lubricant to be applied . car looks and feels new again .
the fact that you don't have to buy any more air filters is why all my cars have k & n filters .
these little braces work great to keep even heavy items in place . they work great , and will stay hooked to the wire shelf .
i have used many fuel treatments and i got to say this has bye far been the best its always good to feel the difference once its added .
i like it , it is inexpensive , do a good job , and check your connections on the same time . great item .
considering this is made in china , it is a quality product , too bad all my locks are keyed to the some number
worked fine ... went on with no problems and i like the price much better than the cycle shop's price ... next time for sure
the bosch brand has seem to hold up better then any other brand i have used and lasted much longer .
ive used just about every spray detailer out there and this has a noticeably better shine and durability then anything ive ever used .
this is designed to work with the valterra bayonet fitting on your gray or black water dump valve and it does just that ...
these are poor fitting , quality and finish but i kept these as my backup driving gloves as price is reasonable .
i used it many times . it already paid back more then the money i spent on this scanner . i love it .
this is a great pad . not to hard and not to soft . makes wet sanding much easier ! i love it !
i purchased this armrest cover to go with my new seat covers . it fits like a glove and the additional padding in very comfortable .
if you want to do professional cleaning of your modern car's intake system then this product is for you at great price and instructions .
this vent cover works great to keep the hot sun's rays out of our rv . i have one for each vent and would highly recommend them .
works great . went on with no problems . is out of the way when not in use .
we needed this for my children's portable dvd.player in our car . the stock cord didn't even come close and this one has many feet to spare .
what else do you need to say ? it's a grit guard for the 2 bucket method . cheap and it fits well .
the small size of this drainer is perfect for any camper . the little cut-out on the bottom fits over the edge of the sink .
these screens really didn't fit my rv i had to trim them all up to make them fit plus had to use extra tie wraps
this is by far the best drying towel that i have used thus far . way better than that lousy chamois king .
i had ordered extra cables for my battery tender and this little bag keeps them organized and lets me find them again .
very strong adhesive backing and perfect fit . i'm glad that no drilling was required to attach to the door entry .
one was busted but amazon took care of that . otherwise , it's bright , strong - will update if it burns out but so far so good .
great gel , work as advertised ! saw many reviews on youtube from chemical guys on this cleaner . shines and protects far longer than the armour stuff !
installed it yesterday . looks great ! much needed improvement for a low price . we will see how the paint holds up as per other users have complained
my tow bar had the bracket welded on it , so it was easy to install . really looks great , no more loose wires .
exactly what was offered , fit nicely , no major prep work , won't fade or crack , adjusts perfectly , easy removal and fits under seat in truck
does not fit every bottle , but for upper pumping works good . a little heavy to pump heavy fluids.tube is kinked so i am not sure about longevity
bought these to replace the stock dome and map lights in my car . they are much brighter and give off a pure white light . very satisfied .
recieved as expected and in a timely manner . 4 stars , nothing deserves 5 stars that is perfect but this was pretty close .
the mat looks and works great . i can't see why i would spend more for other brands . it looks sturdy enough to me time will tell .
light weight , comes in its own bag , easy to store . can be made into a ramp for leveling or shimming .
dissolves dirt instantly , like magic ! , has taken most of the stubborn stains others have not been able to . price high , but worth it !
i'm using these on a scooter , they offer a easy way to charge a battery . only time will tell as to quality .
fits my 2013 subaru outback perfectly and much better quality than stock cabin filter at a fraction of dealer price .
great kit ! this is a must have for someone that needs it all in one package . this with the pad cleaner is the perfect buy !
does exactly what it says and the build is good quality . i may order a few more of these , handy !
it works great when i wash my car , and there's a lot of it ! keeps it shiny and is a basic shampoo for your car
my daughter wanted a walkie-talkie setup for xmas for use when riding her bmw 2 - wheeler . this one had good reviews and so far has not disappointed .
needed this with a recent sensor purchase . wish i had bought three though , since i use it on all my automotive and cycle needs . great price .
this is a must have tool to have . i would recommend having this tool in your car at all times .
i decided i didn't need mine because my leveler came with a great ratchit . it's more of a pain to carry a drill than to use the ratchit !
i saved time and money by purchasing this item instead of going to the dealership and paying more . it easily installs .
the mitt was made real good it will definately last a long time , makes it easier to wash my car won , t get as wet
holds stuff on the back of the bike just fine . have had some heavier stuff back there . strong web , good hooks .
the product is just as pictured and seems to be a quality tool . it's a gap gauge ; what more do you want ?
these work great under my scissor jacks on the rv and under the tounge jack . they are very handy and non have broken yet .
when it works it works okay.but have to tap on it sometimes to get it to register . makes me wonder how accurate it is ...
it flicker but works great under my hood there brighter than my stock light looks good under the hood lol
this is both the 2 inch hitch and the d-ring . hitch is built solid and is painted a sleek black . great product that feels very solid .
i'm on my second set now , last set lasted about a year . they work well and are much more attractive than winter wipers !
bought the hopkins 08525 graduated level , worked great . pay attention to the instruction , as both are very different . works great love it .
this is the oem version of the mercedes one . it is fleece and comes with all the rubbers to hold your oil filter gauge .
bought this for my car , boat and atv . it works great and does everything i need it to do . good price
excellent wiping performance and a great price . this is for the rear of a land rover lr2 . as good as anything from the dealer and inexpensive too .
easy installation and perfect fit . i complemented the written instructions with a similar youtube video and that did the trick . looks great .
what can i say that has not already been said . i love this product and will use it till it is gone then buy some more .
spray this on your wheels and let it set for 1 minute and it will work its magic and convert your old wheels to new wheels .
can't have too many of these guys , a must if you do any electronics work , tinkering . seem to be of good quality and hold on well .
looks great and keeps the fingernails from scratching the paint behind the handle . glad i bought it . superbuy .
not a single leak after a full season . usually i get a few new cracks or leaks , but this stuff stays flexible . nice
this car wash mitt is perfect for washing my vehicles . it is thick enough to hold the soapy water yet soft enough to not scratch the paint .
this gives me the option of moving my motorcycle away from the electrical outlets and not having to run extension cords . nicely made . glad i bought it .
love this and it works , it is a great tree saver and will buy it again when i loose this one .
i ordered this for my honda accord . it is genuine fluid and is affordable . i will order more in the future .
used on neglected wheels and made a real difference but not magical as some say . saved me some rubbing and would recommend to others .
my car doesn't have any spare or runflats . i bought these to refill the starter kit i bought and ended up using . saved me a tow !
the product has the consistency of water so i still wipe it using a tire sponge in order to get an even coat .
connected two of these cables to charge my battery on my truck / battery charger unit is in garage works perfect .
was a little worried about this fitting my daytona triumph 650 but it fit well , no issues . would purchase again .
what more can i say other than they work very well ... they beat having to remove seats and so forth to put clamps on the battery ! ;-)
fits curt 13534 great . looks good . has a built in holder to avoid loosing it . easy installation . i am very satisfied .
filled the base with water and then did my exercises just like i should , worked great and also good for uncontrollable droolers !
needed a respirator for painting my frame on my truck , worked great , was super happy with the qualityty and how effective this actually was !
love this because it is expandable and just tall enough to hold your flatware in your camper or home ! just as described !
works great for cleaning my wheels . it is the right shape to fit between the spokes and the soft sheep skin doesn't harm the finish .
i got this so i could tell that my sewer tank was cleaned out and clear when i dumped my sewer tank . good price and shipping .
this was a good cleaner for leather . it was so good my daughter borrowed it for her car and i have yet to get it back !
i really like the easy of the removal of this wax . it has a lusture after buffing . i use nothing but this now .
hard to beat the daystar switches , they're quality made and the price here is nearly impossible to match elsewhere , you won't be disappointed .
i only got to use these a very few times , however , they were very warm and fit very nice on me
rubber is way to soft they all 4 tore within three days . need to be made of neopreme or something stronger . won't buy again
got it for a car battery to get rid of surface corrosion ; cleaned terminals with baking soda and applied the spray ... so far so good .
this is a very useful item that i carry with me whenever i use our small travel trailer . easy to place and adjust to .
foams like no other and rinses easily . i always use this product to assure a clean surface and will not harm wax either .
great selection and great price ! probably more than i will ever use , but certainly don't mind having the extras at this price !
bought three for the vents in my class c . they all fit well and block some sound as well as light and heat .
had this replaced with the timing belt in an 01 ls430 . works good , runs quiet . showed up in great condition , fit just fine .
nice and sticky . holds everything perfectly and easy to wash and renew . it was exactly what i was looking for .
i followed the instructions to the letter , and my headlights look the same as they did before ! this product did not work at all for me !
very bright for such a little bulb.the blue light takes a bit of getting used to , but at least i can now see inside my cab ...
great oil drain pan.holds 4.5 gallons of oil and is easy to hamdle.has a drip preventer lip around the top edge.very happy with it .
you should've seen the one this replaced . covered in bugs and leaves and stuff . it's amazing how few people know about these filters .
sunshade fits vehicle very well . it is hard to find a sunshade that small . great product and fit like a glove .
i love the royal purple oils and have them in my car and scooter . it makes them run so smoothly .
i am happy with the results i received . i was once searching through the product reviews to see if this was something i might want to try ..
keeps things snug in fridge ... camco 44033 rv fridgebrace - pack of 2 ... they are easy to install and were are glad we bought them ! ~
i love drying my evo x with these . they get all the water off and leave to streaks . its a must have when detailing your car
simple and cheap . it works and appears to be accurate . why use a penny when you can pay substantially more for this ? :)
this strap is incredibly nicely made , i feel bad getting it all dirty putting it to use ... a true quality showpiece !
i ordered these to replace my license plate lights . i ordered them also for my buddy and we are both very pleased with these . they are bright .
i am very hopeful the meguiar's name will make the product a 5 star after i use it . hope to avoid getting scratches on my paint until then :)
this 10 gauge thickness of wire is exactly what i was looking for unfortunately connectors have reverse color coding and was to short for my project .
these headlight bulbs are better than stock , but they are marginally better . cost / benefit analysis shows that one can find better bulbs , albeit more costly .
works perfect on toyota highlander 2012 model good price and genuine factory item from toyota good to see pic on back of the cover its helpful
it's sta-bil how can it be wrong and this is the best price i could find . i am very happy .
they work , and for the price nice to have on hand as an rver . now to add words so they accept it as being long enough .
the kit cleans and treats the filter to keel it working as it should . not much else to say about it .
always make sure you measure your plugs before install , this tool will do it for you do it yourselfers , thanks ! !
no stink yet so i guess it works . installed in about 1/2 hour . turns with the wind as advertised . good product
much easier to use , much more reliable than rope plugs , and a whole lot cheaper than paying someone to do it !
before storing my motorcycles for the winter i like to add some of this ( with a splash of seafoam ) to a full tank of fresh gas .
from all the guys that send their oil out to the labs .. and the studies say that this stuff is the best .. so i use it .
i want to buy another . not cheap and flimsy like some of the other blowers i have had . quality throughout !
perfect product for a mechanic / handyman . don't know how i ever lived without it , extra strong magnets that hold everything securely
works well and is more than bright enough , almost too bright . had to sand the ends down to make it fit in the prius dome light
these valve stem caps look good and are as described . i am happy with the purchase and i am thinking about ordering additional sets for my other cars
a bit more in price then bargain cloths but machine washableand they get the job done . recommended for new finishes .
these are easy to install and seem to stay on just fine . it is a nice way to look different from the other jeeps
this product does what it is supposed to do , but , i am not real happy with the quality of construction .
this seems to work so far . i can't imagine there would be a lot in the design that would cause it not to work .
i used these while jacking up my hyundai veloster and it served as a good backup in case of roling .
i would order again i like it very much the way it cleans and foams up real nice product to wash your car
whenever i get in front of one of " those " kinds of people , i love it . me expressing how dumb their stick family is haha
handy . cheaper than using real sockets and adapters . just right for taking a 10 minute crank-down task and turn it into a 2 minute task .
makes the steps stable and stops the little shake when you climb in . we use it all the time both at home and on trips .
this brand is very good and i highly recommend this filter for your next oil change . it spins on like it's supposed to and apparently does the job .
got it quick , works great love it , easy to read nice and small easy to carry and easy to store .
i use this to power my led wheel well lights . very easy to use , i recommend this product to everyone
great item ! i have three of these one knock off and on my great grandfather left me . this is smooth .
does what it's suppose to do ... nice addition with the added rubber coating makes it easy to handle ... and for the price it's a steal !
i won't recommend this product . i have a compressor for my car ( 12v ) and i bought this . it dosen't work
i bought this for pulling one seal out of an old transmission . it worked , so it was worth it to me . recommended .
this oil is great . never had any problems with it . royal purple , amsoil and pennzoil ultra are my three favorite oils out there .
simple to install with double sided sticky tape . both installed in minutes.simple touch of differentiation but makes a nice change .
no wonder this product has such great reviews . just used it on my car tires and they certainly looked awesome .
this product has been proven to work well . it does what it promises to do and very well . i recommend it to anyone .
these are real handy in my shop for general usage . not a real heavy duty type towel , but worth the price for what i got .
i use this with my meguiar's buffer and it cuts the toughest paint oxidation off in about 5 minutes ( when used with rubbing compound ) .
front and rear top seal of the rv , perfect . i have found other uses around the house as well , but it is great in rvs
i use mostly chemical guys products and this package is awesome . the bucket and grit guard are heavy duty and will last a long time .
great price for k & n brand . i am confident that amazon has better price compare to local auto parts stores . it fits my acura tsx 2007 .
cheap way to get power from my bmw plug to my gps as i have a plug that runs to the battery tender and uses this same end .
i bought this to put on my drawbar on my kubota tractor . it works just fine . i pull a couple of trailers .
after having several other brands die after one or two uses , it's nice to finally have a tool that works every time .
i was looking for something like this for a long time . this one fits perfectly . works great and very good quality product .
this tool worked like a charm . not much more to say really ... it did its job . seems fairly well made .
good price and service . was just what i needed for my car , fits great .
if you want to eliminate the banging of your shackles and look cool doing it than this product is it . looks better than using ghetto tape .
here is another must have in my opinion , these bondo spreaders are on the money , why would you try and substitute these with some make shift spreaders .
this filter is easy to install but sometimes can be a pain to remove . better filter then the fram or advance filters for sure
a perfect fit for my 2004 lexus rx330 . much cheaper than local auto parts or dealer.looks like a factory replacement .
these are the best microfiber towels i have ever used . they are super soft , plush and work great . i love these towels .
excellent quality . added security in addition to the scorpio i900 alarm system on my ninja . buying a zuma next month & another trimax for that as well .
works like a charm , just as expected . first time using a tool like this , and very valuable to have in your toolbox . buy buy buy .
these microfiber towels are nice and plush . i use them solely on my paint for compounds / polish and sealant / waxes . easy to wash too .
haven't had a chance to use these yet but they look very well made , much better than your typical automotive store crap
this gadget is inexpensive but is a great little pad , and the orange color makes it easy to see and not forget it .
directions a little off ... needed more wipes to clean the door jams ... easy to install ... these should come from the factory on every jeep ...
a power jack for the trailer is a great way to level the trailer without wearing yourself out ! it makes camping that much more enjoyable
great filter lets just hope it can filter all the bull you had to go through to get it . verified purchase you betcha
we have used one time and there was no bad smells from black water ... # 1 only , no # 2 ...
we ordered this net by mistake and ended up returning it .. the quality was fone .. we needed one that has stretch not flat straps
the whole harness feels and looks cheap.the instructions were written by someone with very little understanding of the english language .
this bit and cordless drill make those stabilizer supports a piece of cake ! heck they should come with a 25 k rv ... just sayin !
this hitch pin is a perfect fit for a 2x2 hitch . the coated portion helps with the grip to insert it or pull it out .
helps replenish seals on older cars and keeps seals on newer cars from drying out . actually plumps seals up to reduce wind noise and prevent leaks .
good big size and works pretty well . my only complaint is that it snags on literally everything that is not flat on my car !
i didn't realize that filters worked as well as these . fit perfect , and easy to install . you can feel the difference in the ac .
the product works very well based upon condition of your interior . it will not make your car new , but it does work . hope this helps .
used these on my ventage auto chrome plate frame.they look nice & fit well . i like them & recommend them .
easy to install , perfect fit , very nice product . from package to finish 5 minutes , look's and feels really well on jeep .
keeps two garden equipment batteries charged all winter long ... saves on replacement costs for batteries that seem to have a short shelf life .
love this stuff , makes your cars shine . recommended for all who want a nice and easy shine . very low price for this product .
it works and is much easier to lock / unlock with the key facing you than if it is pointed to the side .
all anco wipers i have purchased in the past have been of great quality . they install easily , wipe away the water cleanly and last a while .
i've used it only once to recharge my camper battery . it took almost 12 hours , but it worked as claimed .
this was easy to install and it fits great . makes my armrest comfortable . i can see this helping keep cool in the summer .
better & brighter than standard bulb , no heat , less draw on battery , use on a scooter.only time will tell on quality .
works perfectly for my rc lipo charger at home letting me ditch the cheap charger that came iwith my heli .
i used it to wax my daughters car . it fell apart before i finished applying wax . was very dissatisfied with this meguiars product .
i only use original gm products in all of my vehicles and all three run smooth and are very reliable .
split the first time i used it and i have a 2-5 / 16 ball save your money and find another manufacture for your ball covering needs .
found this to be fair quality and great for my mountain bike bars . adjustment stays in place after being set .
ordered this from the warehouse and it is a very high quality helmet for a really good price . it is exactly as described , very high gloss finish .
fits the car perfectly , and it's very good quality . i noticed a tick up in mpg , but that's probably more due to mine being so old .
needed to replace a low beam headlamp on my z4 . this did the trick just fine . seems to match the original and fairly easy to install .
great little funnel , long narrow output is good for transmission fluid or other stuff similar with a small opening not easy to get to .
oem fuel filter , why buy aftermarket when you can have quality gm replacement for way less than dealer price ! keep your gm all gm ! ! !
haven't had the opportunity to use it just yet , but have installed it to make sure it fits . i'm sure it will work fine .
easy to use and fits well on my 2012 dodge ram 1500 quad-cab . this product is well build . thank you
this thing works great with a mild abrasive compound . i used it on my honda civics , and it shines them right up .
something so simple and so helpful in helping reduce the amount of swirls you get from washing . i like it
there is not much to say about these other than that they work great , and are easy to use . as advertised , and a great price .
while a large c-clap works as well , i decided to buy this based on prior reviews . it works as described .
worked great on my daily driver , no streaking , hoping they last a long time since they aren't the cheapest wipers .
they fit tight and look good but once you go to take them off you may find they left marks on your grill
not worth the money . just use an old cotton t-shirt cut up . i also rinsed the pads out after i used in warm water .
perfect fit , why spend more money buying their so called super bright halogen bulbs that burn out fast and don't always have a brighter light .
this was a replacement for the old grey one i had . it world great . strong plastic , i'll see how it holds up in winter
these guys don't streak , make noise or wear out prematurely . yes , they cost more . but they work well when you need them .
this doesn't fit my outside filter for my rv . the filter just kinda rest on it . total waste of money
this tester takes the guess work out of circuit problems on the four pin connection . i highly recommend this tester .
i got this idea from my rv and bought these door holders for a shed with heavier doors than my rv . they arrived fast and work great .
nice tool , for a gift to the auto lover in your life . easy to read and nicely made . a good qaulity item
this was purchased to replace two cracked hoses , connections are high quality not cheaply made as some . installation was a breeze .
these are the same fuses selling at most automotiver parts stores for $ 5 for a pack of 5 fuses . worked well and no issues thus far
i bought these so i could have extra , whats in the truck sometime break because of weather very hot or freezing cold when they are old .
barely fits the 14 " rim w / 205 tire . it also collects a lot of raod dirt & difficult to wash off
the flexible connectors on both ends make this very easy to connect and disconnect at the best angle for draining and cleaning the tanks .
they feel heavy duty and tighten well , works great with my recovery straps , as i always felt 3/4 rings are to small for straps
steel hook for cheap for those stuck on hoses , , worked great for me . not much more can be said , every tool box should have one
just got this today , and put it on my truck . works great , will never go blind again towing stuff . very sturdy . good price .
bought these to do oil changes on my lexus es350 myself . they work great and area a great deal for the diyer .
bought this for my 2012 tahoe , works really good , makes good contact and no issues so far . real good purchase .
i bought two of these so i would know where one was for our camper . they work great . i have no problem using them .
works great ! had one from griot's and it fried 3 batteries before i figured out it was the charger , not the batteries . bought this one and it
helps reduce black streakseasy to installworks as advertisedput all 4 on in about 10 minutes without tools
handles were easy to install and fit well . they are heavy duty and should be strong enough to help someone actually get in the jeep if needed .
replaced the original filter with this one and haven't smelled any mustiness since.perfect fit and inexpensive . better than buying the oem filter for sure
i suppose the only possible down side is loosing them ? ! what can i say--they work great at the campsite . word
... and it bust cramps ! i'd still much rather have a cruise control , but for the money , this does the trick !
these filters are way better the oem i had previously installed in the car . mann filters are top quality and are competitively priced .
this thing is very use full along with torque app for android ... i was able to check fault code easily
these really are a must in a travel trailer . holds up well and really saves from items moving around and staying put .
it does the job ! i have to replace them every year because they develop leaks at the plastic end of the hose .
this unit keeps everyone from searching cabinets for a paper plate and helps keep the trailer more organized and convenient .
perfect addition to any jeep ! not bulky like some other steering wheels . i would buy this again in a heartbeat .
it arrived on time and was just as shown in the ad . the price was good . everything was fin and.it was easily readable ! !
this works well for a camper . my camper's drawers are small and this fit right in . i would recommend this !
work nicely . glad to have refills without having to replace the whole metal wiper brackets .
very heavy duty d-ring . i have used this twice with my winch and it works just like it should . very happy with this .
goes on smooth and makes my car look very good . comes off just as easy and takes very little to do car will last long time
great glasses for the price . all fit well for a medium size head . if you have a large head may not fit comfortly
easy to install . looks really great on the jeep , sets it apart from others . have had many people ask what was different about my jeep .
it does what i purchased it for and keeps the knives conveniently located in the camper and secure during transport .
an incredibly easy to use seal puller that is made in the usa . excellent quality and built to last for many years of normal use .
it worked but it's only one time use . fixed a small spider crack i had in my speed 3 . looks a lot better .
bosch icon wiper blade seems to be the best wiper blade i have purchased so far , clean sweep every time , quiet operation too .
sounded better than the oem horn on my bike , but it only worked for a little over a year , then croaked .
these little bleeders enabled me to bleed the brakes without any help - which is good , because no one in my house ever helps .
heavy duty chock and performed as expected . these were also $ 1-2 cheaper than any store in my area selling the same product .
does exactly what it says it will . towed several mutliple-ton vehicles using this and the smittybuilt 30,000 lb strap . works great .
this is an awesome applicator . applied the wax easily and without a problem . car looks great and shiny ! 20 characters
the isolators work very nicely an you dont have to take them off when using straps . i recommend them to everyone who owns d-rings
i was concerned about the fit to store it in my 4 " bumper but it fit perfectly . the hose " accordians " down to a stiff compact tube
bought these for my 1983 pontiac firebird . they went on nicely . look good and feel pretty high quality . good buy .
hasn't changed my life , but it gives a nice polish . goes on and off easily . not a huge bottle , will order a couple next time .
be careful using this . it slipped off my jack while lifting the car causing the jack to dent the undercarriage .
you found it - there is no better after my testing - this is definately not biased unless royal purple want to send me some free , lol
this cabin filter is a perfect fit replacement filter for a 2004 4runner v8 sport . just slide the old one out and put this one in .
my tires look like car show quality.they looked better than my neighbors bentley ( i drive a honda civic ' 95 )
great little light - bright , easy to install , great quality . makes it easier to see my fusebox , etc . would work anywhere ...
it did not fit and i returned it . i ordered a fram and it fit right in . plus fram had a rebate .
a great low priced way to protect the rims on my trail 90 . they also make changing the tire easier .
this works great and doesn't risk loosing the shaft or the socket in my tool bag . i recommend it for any bumper pull trailer .
i bought this and the conditioner and i found them to work well . they definitely spruced up my nice older stressless leather chairs .
this cleaner & red oil are needed for the k & n filters . works extremely well . the purchase will do two applications covering three years for me .
works great .. i can tell the difference without it ... easy to remove and vent moisture out and pop it back in when your done ...
it takes 2 minutes to change it out and it is cheaper than the dealer and works the same - i will continue to buy this product
works well . in a bad down pour last week on interstate and i was the only car able to drive during this monsoon .
great look and easy to install with inclosed instructions . matches great with the whole light protector set from rugged ridge .
needed to check a sea doo . bright enough to see in normal light and confirm spark .
very durable cloths for any job they last a really long time and a very good price too ! amazon does it again
works great but make noise which is to be expected because the way it is designed to work .
this is basically the same as regular sta-bil but with twice the potency ... definitely a better buy than the red stuff .
i bought this item for the battery tender . hook it up to the battery terminals and plug it in the battery tender .
used it to replace the old light on our rv and it lights up the tongue area very nicely at night .
fits just fine , just cant put the headrests all the way down . but they work well and were pretty cheap .
better to have and not need than to need and not have . a part of my travailing repair kit .
great kit from meguiars , but just fyi walmart has almost the exact same kit for cheaper , sometimes $ 29 , check it out [ ... ]
works well and easy to clean . great to get swirls out of my black car . i use it with meguiar's finishing polish .
love this product . i am wheelchair bound and use this to charge my chair when i'm in the van . great product
not much i can say here , it does what its supposed to do . it seems durable enough but time will tell the whole story .
cover the plugs in these guys and your car will thank you . i use them for spark plug applications without any issues . wouldn't install without it
i used this item to convert my manual lock 2000 nissan frontier to have power locks . i also purchased http://www.amazon.com/central-conversion-universal-locking-system/dp/b00bxkr6rq/ref=cm_rdp_product to finish it off .
the results are amazing . quiet , quiet , quiet and less cycling . hard to believe that these tiny things make a difference but they really do .
i ended up buying the gallon size because this stuff is great . only takes a couple ounces to wash yuri our whole vehicle . and it's shiny afterwords .
fits perfectly , will not slip and 3/4 the price in an rv accessory store ( same thing ) . cleans off in a jiffy
new car rear wiper blades for my car . just what i needed . excellent product . gets the job done and then some .
this did not work on my motorhome , so i returned it and am having the rv experts decide what to do with my setup
this seriously is a incredible wiper . wipes the water off my windows and car body easily and without a trace of water residue .
works great ! i did a wash , clay , and wax last week , and this was my final step .. .. looked great !
pleased with this item . i use it to keep my smart phone / gps charged on my motorcycle . does the job and price was good .
this is one nice polishing bonnet . quality is well made and it is very plush and soft . i will purchase more .
fits and works as it should . i bought this one as a spare to the other brand ( blue ) that is larger .
i could not use it in one piece because it was to big for the drawer . took the expander off and it is ok .
put a pair of these above my dim golf cart headlights & wow they are great.cart headlights were 35 watts ea.these are 18 watts ea .
now i can charge my phone on my bike ! really only as emergency but thinking about wiring it up to handle bar for phone !
this was really easy to install on my 2012 rubicon . it took 10 minutes tops to install and works perfectly . i highly recommend this product .
i love this stuff ! when i apply it it makes my car feel like i just waxed it and i love that feeling .
required for my vehicle , i bought 8 of these for my last tuneup - they're the best product on the market as far as i'm concerned !
great price for a good brand that works like it supposed to . go ahead and stock up your oil filters and do it yourself ! ! !
bought for my 2007 kaw motocycle , have yet to use it , small piece of mind when on the open road .
it is not as nice as the 6 inch that came from the same company . plastic seems a little thin .
takes the dust off my car without leaving any streaking that some report with other brands . just don't press real hard .
works quite well , makes the job of waxing and washing much easier , water simply just runs off and keeps more clean , no more water stains .
this is a good little charger .. no bullcrap .. you just plug it in and it kicks butt .. i like it :-)
these were easy to install and look good . they have a nice finish and are constructed very good . i would purchase again .
have not had a chance to use these yet , but the seem heavy duty and the interlocking systems works well
nice quality , well made , holds a heavy 48 " hi-jack very nicely , even in severe trail conditions.zombies are alive and well !
put these in my 2002 ford econline van . they are awesome ! ! super bright and pure white no more yellow dingy light look
i am not sure if it is psychological , but the car seems to run better after just one tank full .
perfect for exhaust work . i bought it for a catalytic converter and o2 sensor project because it is rated for : - 30f to 1800f
this is a good , reliable replacement for the original aluminum anode rod in the suburban water heater in our 5th wheel .
works great and i discovered these to be a better replacement than the upscale bosch wipers . you can save about $ 10 on each by sticking to these .
goes on fine , wears kinda quick though . not super durable , stitching comes undone after a bit of use . it's cheap , but whatever .
bought this to charge / maintain spare batteries not in my truck , worked perfectly.great product , would buy again.good service.fits battery tender .
works as advertised and comes with two keys.bought it for a ' 13 mustang , which to my surprise had no gas cap and locked gas door !
works well and quality is great and easy to install . will buy again , have these on 2 cars now . thank you
well they work ! easy to put on . might not fit some ends that are not rounded . ( to bulky to slide in )
ordered this after i had already ordered and received my brake controller . wish i would have ordered at the same time . this made the installation a breeze .
have had these on for awhile now and they work good . the light is a little blue not too bad . no issues so far
perfect to bend a hose 90 degrees without putting stress on the hose.it stopped the problem i had of a hose kinking .
we have had this product before and very successful.no negative comments on this product.we are very happy with our purchase .
just perfect for buffing out those small light scratches we all get on our vehicles , luv the selection of bonnets .
white with a hint of blue . lights up the fit interior nicely . didn't really need 4 , but it was a fair price .
a lot of the carpets out there have to be removed to fold the steps for travel . these fold with the steps .
oem oil filter for bmw e90 . cheaper than dealer . i've been using these for years without issue - - highly recommended .
always great to have these when you're not using your charger . i have one tender and three tender juniors and each has their own bag pouch .
used this for the first time this summer , will buy more for next year . easy to connect to the trailer and hose bib .
here in texas our cars don't get that dirty , however this soap does a great job getting what dirt we do get off .
great product at a really great price . i did have to regap a few of the plugs which needs to be done carefully to avoid damage .
did not fit but my friends d-rings are now wearing these with good luck . the product is a good idea .
these specially developed drying towels really do absorb more water than a standard towel . well worth the money spent . one towel dries the entire car .
looks great .. easy to mount .. i put it on my rack .. very convenient ... matches my saddle bags on my yamaha vstar 1100 .
this spark plug was a perfect replacement for my honda lawnmower . i haven't had any more engine issues after replacing the spark plug .
these are pretty handy when troubleshooting , can free up a hand so you don't have to hold both leads to what ever you are checking .
this works terrific at keeping the screen door closed on our travel trailer . helps keep the flies out also . worth it .
i have a large suv and large boat . i use one for each . it helps in reaching certain areas a normal person can't reach .
nice wipers - easy to install and seem to be working well . the price was good and it was shipped fast - like all my amazon purchases .
great . works as designed . great on your concrete drive for not leaving rust stains . use everywhere and not just when you need clearance or height .
does what is should , nice to have a grim free sponge when washing new items so they stay that way
easy installation and good wiping . no complaints thus far . will update in a few months to report on how it held up .
lights are bright well constructed . perfect for interior replacement bulbs . also worked well for running lights and license plate bulbs .
it is too small for my standard sized rv door which makes me wonder what sort of very thin door it is made for .
32mm is the correct size for my jetta tdi oil cap , and this fits perfectly.it ' s also fairly low profile , another plus .
please note these are not white - but beige ... other than that they are standard rv baggage catches
this product is heavy duty , protects the jack cover from the weather . large enough to push the electrical connectors into it .
these work well for detailing and cleaning the small hard to get areas when cleaning my truck and cars . very pleased with these from mothers .
very well made and works like expected you can not go wrong with this tool if you are handy specially in tight areas
washed out all kinds of sediment . easy to use and very effective . clean hot water for me now ! woo hoo !
you can't go wrong with honda antifreeze for your honda ! just use oem product to maintain your car and it will last .
after 2 years of camping , it's still working like it should . no issues , no leaks , no fading , no cracking . awesome .
fits , bolts right up with no problems . wire harness is good , price is right , quality is great . what more do you need .
it is a hitch ball . it does the trick . what more needs to be said . five more required word s .
using it in the cargo area of a nissan 370z . high quality matches the look of the z and works well .
quiet , small , and gives you a 110 outlet . just don't push the amps .
better understand now what you can do ( repair ) and what not ... if you are trying to mend a tear or rip just simply forget it ...
you pay for the name . i bought it just because everybody said to buy , for being the best . i don't think so
works very well , good for the bike , car or boat . the unit does tend to get a bit warm whne in use .
a little hard to use ( large ) but once in place correctly does the job
the case these come in is solid and great . constructed of durable material for the blocks - would recommend for purchase !
this led light is excellent . easy to install . i replaced the original lights in my trailer , and these lights are twice as bright .
like the product this is a keeper wil order a gallon . size next time make it shine but not oily
i was rebuilding my honda elite and decided to buy this and got it at good price and works just fine .
i bought this item to keep my screen closed all the time and keep bugs out of the coach . product works well and was priced right .
this is a great tool for the money . works as described and easy to use . highly recommend this to anyone that works on their own cars .
these were installed on a f250 and really are built right , nice looks and they work well for their intended application .
excellent product , easy way to lock both wheels together , i put them on both sides of trailer , better stability , have 35 foot fifth wheel
great for leveling / stabilizer jack deployment . fits 3/8 " drill and takes the work out of setting up . i love it and use it every trip
this is a sturdy and inexpensive license plate holder that allows for the plate to sit on the edge of the holder because of it's design . good product .
i love all the zymol products . they do not make any product that is 2nd rate . i recommend any and all of their products
you get what you pay for . the talking is probably unnecessary , but the price was right and it works fine .
bought this to replace a burnt out light in my old 1994 toyota pickup and it works well . brighter than i have ever seen in that truck .
comes in handy when you have more to carry than you can fit into your saddle bags . glad i bought it .
used this on rv porch light , super bright and white , simple to use , great replacement to bulb . easy to change
bought for my 2009 jeep wrangler unlimited . it was very easy to install and good quality . i would highly recommend this to others .
looks great and clean . easy to instal and it appears to holdup to everyday use . i would recommend this to everyone .
in the florida heat and sun , this product will last a good while . easy to apply and really looks good when your finished .
i haven't installed them yet , but the quality seems like they are good quality items and they should mount easily .
this glove is great it holds the shampoo and remove all the dirt from your car without scratch your paint
the quality is good for the money . i will use this to winterize my rv by using low air pressure to blow the water out of the lines .
you have your legs , arms , feet , and head covered ... block the wind from your neck with this and you're set . fantastic !
i love this towel . it is very thick and much larger than most microfiber towels . absorbs perfectly , leaving no streaks or lint .
fits 24foot catilna coachman class c like a glove ... perfect fit you can comitt would buy again but its going to be a long time ... good quality material
this brush gets the hidden gunk embedded in carpet . mother is the best only product for my 2006 jeep ever .
these applicators work very well in spreading the wax evenly . they clean up well and i can see they will last a long time .
this option is a great idea . i love the convenience of being able to plug into the cigarette lighter to charge the battery .
replaced my older version that was cracking and chalky . appears to be the same one that has held up for 15 years . easy to install .
not much to say here . its an extension cable that gave me the additional length needed to use the battery tender in my garage ...
good product at a good price . i also own a moroso gauge that looks and works about the same but it is about 3 times as expensive .
what can i say it's an air filter for a car , it fit and came in a box . nuff said
works great and looks great . i mounted it above my fairlead and couldn't be happier . can't beat the price either .
they work surprisingly well . i honestly had no idea just how much these would stabilize our rv and i'm very glad i was talked into getting them
cleans all the dirt , smells great and keep your car shinnyi love meguiar's products and for me this is the best shampoo for my car
plenty of suds with my soft water . don't need to use much , just follow instructions . mother's makes nice products imho .
great value for the moneywould buy againwashes in washing machine with no problemsmust tryyouwill notregret
i had a yellow glaze and now it's not so yellow . it didn't hold for very long . might of been me not using it properly
this product works wonders for my jeep wrangler plastics and love the fact it doesnt have ingredients that will later make the plastics brittle and fade .
read instructions , let sit for 5 minutes , watched the color change to a reddish hue - clean rims . works good .
very sturdy built and easy to assemble . rolls well even on uneven surface . i find it a very good price to quality mix .
i wanted a superior quality ... royal purple is the one ! if you have an oil requirement - get the very best and relax .
perfect fitting for using compressed air to remove water from rv system . helps speed up winterization of vehicle . good quality and as advertised . fast shipping .
i was frankly stunned bu how well this stuff works . i put it in my 2006 dodge caravan and within a mile the shudder was gone .
i used this for my german made car , works good and cheaper than the oem stuff . an excellent product will definately buy again .
this is a good set of sprayers . i use them for the garden during the summer . the sprayer hasn't clogged at all .
these grab handles are well made and easy to install and remove . i am using them in a different application and they work well .
how do you rate these ? they do exactly what they are supposed to do . what more can i say . it don't stink no more ? ! lol
i switched out my tachometer and speedometer lights using this led's . it was fairly simple on my 2000 camry and this product gave it the finishing touch !
this kit was easy to use . removed years of neglect on my newly acquired truck . removed a great deal of contaminents from the paint .
i used this on a two stroke gas engine head gasket that was blown . i had my doubts , but has been fine for that job .
does what its supposed to do . it carry's gas from the tank to the hose then on to the rv .
actually a little longer than i need for my ez pass . you could probably cut them in half again and they would still work fine .
these are badazz fit was perfect , and they give you something to hold onto . and they look great ! super strong !
these are affordable compared to oem clips but these do not r & r that well . there are enough in a pack to treat as one time use .
the filter works very well but the real plus side on the k & n is the hex head which makes filter removal a real snap .
ok , iguess , didn't really impress me.no better than my old standby bleech white.as always shipping & delivery was great.ive only used it once on my bike
nothing really special about it . i need a hawse fairlead and it fit the bill . couldn't beat the price for what i needed .
i have not had to add fluid to tranny , it is holding its own very good and may order more for drain and refill
arb base plate , nice thick plastic , works great . essential part of your kit if you carry a hi-lift on your truck .
this appears to be well-made . rugged ridge sells quality products as far as i'm concerned , and i'll continue to buy them .
i got this for my 2011 rubicon and fits just fine , like someone wrote in there it's just sticking little bid more then should be
bought this for work , keep it in my tool box . pretty generic feeler gauges ... if you need a basic set here it is .
not everything promised , easily bends and losses bristles , not long enough . not overly happy with the product and would get a longer or bigger brush .
the drop on this hitch is exactly what i needed for my dodge ram . it makes hooking up my trailer a breeze .
very sticky stuff that will stay where you want it . it's also very slippery , so should work fine for any motor work you have .
this wax is great your car's paint gets a smooth and soft finish and it also smells great nice product
the pro series 63153 60 " x 24 " hitch mounted cargo carrier is a great cargo carrier . very solid and sturdy . well manufactured and designed .
it does just what it needs to do . it keeps my trailer from taking off down the road and wrecking everything in its path .
they're the gaskets that go to my car . they do their job . not sure what else i can say about them .
dries pretty quickly so you can get your work done fast . easy to sand and mold to the contours of your work .
just changed the oil on my bike and i had ordered two of these filters , cheaper than buying them at dealership .
i have not used the valve as of the report the valve looks well build and well packaged i will be useing the valve next month .
have not tried until we go camping . i think it will be better than the original equipment . will update later .
works very well for the cost , i would recommend an attached rope to allow for easier removal from the wheels .
it looks like an excellent product ; hope i never have to use it though . 5 stars b / c of on-line ratings .
is not much to evaluate , just a plastic valve cup . look good to me , price at amazon.com are very good .
i returned this item because it was just too big on my throttle and not something i would have on my bike .
this light is perfect for my sister lexus . it's really brightnow she can see everything in the car now.keep up the good job guys ..
always satisfied with scantools ! i have purchased several for my friends over the years and all of them are satisfied ! great product !
battery test lights quit working after after two or three times using it.don ' t waste your $ $
i use one of tablets after i empty the grey water tank and start refilling . i have reordered it several times so far .
for me , they are a bit too soft to actually remove anything . i'll still keep them around and try to use them .
used it for my lotus elise . it went in without any issues . fits well . price was reasonable . will use it again .
why mar your frame on jackstands when these things are so cheap ? they are nice & sturdy without being too rigid where i would worry about cracking them .
this product works as advertised . i am fully pleased with the purchase . i recommend it to anyone seeking the same type item .
appears to be designed and made well and would reccomend to others that are looking for something like this . larger capacity too .
easy to install ... took maybe five minutes . works great too . the blades push the rain away and leave no streaks at all .
these are nice towels , not as heavy as i had hopped , but still nice and sturdy , i expect each one to last for a long time .
awesome little product that has 3 different settings for different size people . easy to install and looks great . no cutting or drilling required
works as advertised . much better than a mechanical gauge . accurate and easy to use . battery seems to be holding charge very well .
just the thing i need for my suv , for a long journey . it is cheap and very durable.it ' s a keeper .
easy install and great replacement for the factory hood latch . it takes away any and all hood flutter especially at highway speeds .
oil filter for our car . exactly what we ordered and needed for our vehicle . perfect for our needs . highly recommend .
washer is steel , not like the oem aluminum crush washer . but a cheap alternative to buying vw / audi parts
very good ! if you don't have one and you are thinking of getting one , just get it !
heavy duty and well built . no problem slipping it into our 1.25 inch car receiver in order to attach a bike rake with a 2 inch coupling .
they are plastic but will work . i just hope they hold up over time and can hold back a 5000 lbs trailer on a small incline .
does a great job removing stubborn break dust . is a little pricey but it does work . probably would buy again
this is the best gadget i have bought for my camper . does exactly as advertised . easy , secure and stable . wow
i've used this tender before , and it was always dependable . i ordered two more of them for my extra vehicles .
works fantastic and would recommend it . i own custom wheels n wanted a good product to keep it clean for car shows . this does the work perfect .
bought this mainly for the next time i change my brakes . looked good though and is made of good material
fits perfectly on my jeep rubicon very well made and high quality materials . i would hight recommend to anyone . thanks sam
allo necessary connections and fittings were included . it did help the pump noise on rv from getting into unit . t
repeat customer ... i use it for my 2006 chevrolet silverado 4.3 ltr . manual wt truck
this is very affordable and effective solution to protecting your trailer hitch ball . it fits perfectly and is very durable and light-weight .
the battery tender 081-0069 - 8 female cigarette adaptor for quick disconnect has been used for a volt metter reading of the battery on my motorcycle and gps .
this item is great because i now only need to plug in on my victory motorcycle to keep my battery charged when i'm not riding in the winter .
haven't tried it yet since i purchased it for an emergency . but it seems good . i will let everyone know once i actually use it .
i just purchased this tool to change the oil on my 08 malibu . works great . and is alot cheaper than buying from snap-on .
i really like to wait a full season before i review these , but for a month they have been perfect . good price to .
supposed to slip in .. well you gotta smash it in and am scared to try it with my trailer hitch lights.wanna see if i can return it
easy install and really help make the 2014 jku look tough from the back . i think they will actually provide a little protection .
this is the kind of spark plug gapper / gap tool you should use when gapping iridium spark plugs . simply wonderful .
these work very well and the rope handle makes it a little easier to pick them up . fits nicely with a dual axle setup between the 2 tires .
needed for our camco outdoor mats for when several are put together and there aren't any other gourmets on the one .
i have a black lexus and the shine is great . i only use meguiar product on my cars and never have been disappointed another great meguiar product .
any one who has a tow hitch needs a extra pin just in case . cheep inshurance . i always keep a couple extras in my vehicle .
great , versatile oil filter . i have a passat and couldnt find a wrench to fit it easily . bought this and it works great .
it can be very useful to see what is flowing and how much . solid lockup , no leaks , is build sturdy enough for the task at hand .
i haven't used this often . in the few instances , i did use it , it did the job with no issues .
dries my truck easily and leaves no streaks . just have to wring it out a few times , otherwise no complaints .
these look great . the price is excellent . metal is the way to go over plastic stem caps . i will purchase a few more .
i needed this type of funnel for different kinds of fluids and this works just right good for getting into tight spaces.good quality.good price .
used on all my cars , didn't work on my porsche 944 because it's old and has a semi - mechanical air sensor ..
i tested it with another gauge and it gave an accurate reading . make sure you keep it secure to the valve or it will leak air out
i needed something to level out my camper other than eye sight . these work great , easy to see and easy to install
the 4wire flat replacement dust covers help keep the ends clean from road dirt .
not much to say here except they match my tpms stems pretty well and its great to have a bunch of spares
heavy duty and excellent price . i purchased this for a gift for the brother in law and he was very happy .
i ordered h7 bulbs and they sent me a wrong type . i still installed them on my father's car and the light they produce is ok though
goes with the front slush mats , great look , great fit . super easy to cut out pre-formed notch for sub-woofer , if need be .
came in the original box , no damage , no issues . great price , way cheaper than any store around me . runs really well in my car.no cons
these were pretty good . i honesty went for the 68 - smd because these weren't bright enough for my liking . overall , these were good though .
these items seem to be very good quality and were easy to install . i am going to buy another set .
heavy duty d-rings ! look good also . red paint on the pin helps to find it if you drop it in leaves or deep grass .
keeps the sun out easy to use . fold up quick and easy . i thought it cost too much , but it was worth the money .
i've never had a problem with purolator filters and amazon sells them for a good price.love the grip texture as well , makes installation / removal much easier .
this device was unpacked as quickly as it came and was charging my motorcycle within minutes of receiving it using the optional cables supplied .
works great for picking up light dust and dirt to give your car a quick spiff-up .
this is a very good meter and gets used more than you would think . wouldn't want to do without it . highly recommend it .
i've become dependent on this to level up . i use it every time i go out now . would recommend this as a quick way to level .
filter fitted perfectly in to my saturn vue.replacement process is super simple , just pop 5 clips and stick it in.now the inside air smells better .
these look great on my rock lobster red wrangler ! really accents the front along with the matching headlight trim and mesh grill inserts . super easy installation .
factory finish . nice quality . plenty of others out there but the mopar ones are actually quite competitively priced . why not ?
they went in just as they should have , they were factory gapped , and i don't have any problems with them . can't beat that !
start using this from the get go on new vehicles and the moter will out last you ! easily roll 250,000 miles .
installed these thinking it would aid in poor lighting on a motor home , but i honestly can't tell much of a difference
wish i had thought of that ! works wonderfully and is cheap in cost . makes solo winterizing a breeze . saves many steps .
love it . makes it easy to trickle my battery ! don't have to worry about opening hood and connecting to battery .
i installed these on my ' 09 f150 . it hugs the window well and provides quiet , streak-free operation . well worth the price .
i have used meguiar's for years . costs a little more so use sparingly . a little goes a long way . sw
filter drops right into my 2004 toyota solara . no complaints here . it's an air filter . it filters air . that's it .
exactly what i needed for my 2001 acura mdx to eliminate the annoying intermittent check engine lightcheaper than getting it from honda / acuraworks just the same
i enjoy a easy hook for a battery , don't have to get to post when i want to use a charger .
what can i say , they fit perfectly and light up the interior really good . wouldn't hesitate to buy another pair for my next vehicle .
works fine . but not so sure about how it will work . i will update this after few months . now have it less than 3 weeks .
if you simply follow the directions this is the best thing you can get to seal your gaskets .
used to remove nu finish paste . worked very well with no lint or fluff left behind . wiped up all the polish without leaving powdery residue behind .
seems to work , can't tell if its really doing anything but if i have no problems then it must be working . lol
order arrived quickly and fit my saturn ion redline . doesn't seem to be of any different quality than the filter that was in my car previously .
it does what a headlight is supposed to do and for the price you cant go wrong . cant comment yet on life .
matched my car's color perfectly ! i don't know what else to say but there is a word count requirement for the review ...
these installed on my jeep grand cherokee with ease , simple and straigtforward . have been working for years now and have not giving me any issues .
handy to have on the road to check air pressure in suspension and tires .
a good buy . does the same job that the honda oem part does .
i own a detail shop and have been just amazed by the results i get and the reactions from customers after using this wax .
this spark plug socket worked as expected . i had no problems with plugs slipping out of it or the remover falling off .
castrol makes very good oil for all cars bikes trucks . you cant get better oil for the money way better then mobile 1.def recommend this oil brand
best price for this item anywhere . a must have for your bike if you do your own work . will purchase again in a few months .
this is a great product , easy to install and protects the front steal part of the winch . i would recommend this product ... michael
these worked for my 2005 jeep grand cherokee . i like how these bulbs will replace any of the three rear lights .
using this on some steel transmission lines that somewhat close to the exhaust . trying to limit the heat transfer into the fluid . will update with results .
perfect gear oil.adds confidence knowing your have the best oil possible in your vehicle . price was very fair and free shipping . prime !
takes a bit of modification ( metal file ) to work on a new beetle rear brakes but gets the job done .
good handle keeper , keeps the stuff from rattling around . looks good , a must have for the jack handle . too bad they don't have more colours .
i liked the absorber because it did not leave any streaks on my vehicle . the material was sturdy and not flimsy .
installed on a motorcycle works great . cord included allows for permanent install and can be used for accessories when not charging . great price .
i bought two of these for each of our cars . it works as described , is simple , legible , and easy to use .
these straps are great and used it for strapping my rusted heat shield on my exhaust . it has now been 4 months and still holding strong .
to be honest , the towel wasn't really that water " magnet " . i personally find my old towel would do a much better job .
i had used several ice products before but not this one . i certainly does the job and now greasy mess .
this product cleans well while not leaving everything greesy . just wish the product had a little more shine to it
spend a little extra and get this power cord , you will not regret it . the hookup is fast and the cable is flexible .
works on each of my cars ive tried it on . for the price it cant be beat . everyone should have one at this price .
great product ! it has a soft smell , very use to apply and remove . the interior of my car is fantastic ! ! !
very nice floor mat for jeep fits very good . sure helps keep floor clean and dry . i will have to order some for the back seat .
nice lightweight solution.reduces endless cranking of the front trailer jack.my trailer only weighs a thousand pounds.what more words !
a great heavy duty extension for connecting devices ! the weather proof cap is securely connected to protect it from the elements .
bought this to keep fresh water hose to travel trailer from kinking at the outside connection . does the job and stronger than cheaper plastic ones .
rather than buying the individual spray bottles it is easier to buy the refill in addition to one spray bottle . mothers makes the best products hands down .
eventually . if the o2 sensor leaves mangled threads , this will clean them up without having to pull the manifold . great tool
noticed a big change after putting into the tranny . not the cheapest but who wants to break down on the road
great kit to enable the user to mount any tag an cover to their automobile . for the complete look and security on your tags .
i have used this for few times and it's made with reasonable good quality . worth the money and save time to clean battery posts .
good news 1 ) mates up well 2 ) fair pricebad news 1 ) none so farlooks good and solid . what more do you want ?
basic springs to use as a door closure . open door and it springs back . there is not much more to say .
its bright enough for normal usage but dont expect it to blow your mind or anything , i already upgraded to bulbs a bit brighter
careful you don't drop the adapters when prying the package open ( don't ask ) . product seems to fit well but time will tell .
i actually use these small chock with a single-engine airplane . the stow nicely , are light weight , and work very well .
these fit perfect on my norfolk fridge vents . i did like others and added a few more ties . you can't den see they are in the vents .
the soap suds well and keeps it's suds during my entire car wash . it leaves a nice shine and doesn't streak much at all .
great product . it works and is easy to apply and take off . great shine ! the price can not be beat .
well the product arrived quickly , it did protect my roof , a little pricey . hey worked well . just what i needed and on time !
made my old headlight covers shine like new ones . however it requires patients to make it happen , thus you need to be detail when you grind .
originally i had taken my chrome one off , but a jeep ain't a jeep without the badge on the grille . looks much better black .
if you know why you need one of these , you won't be disappointed . quality construction and works well . great buy .
bulk hose , what else is needed to say ? right size and fuel rated . now to add words so they accept it as being long enough .
does a wonderful job removing polish and wax - the material makes it effortless . it's very absorbent and plush . i would recommend and purchase again .
fits my trailer hitch just fine , only thing i changed was i spray painted it black to match my blacked out jeep .
this filter fits perfectly and provides much needed outside air filtration . it remains to be seen how well it holds during allergy season .
one of the best wheel brushes i've ever owned . in fact , the best . in fact , the only wheel brush i've ever owned .
i love the gripped exterior of the filter . i am getting the same performance as i did with the previous honda filter at a fraction of the price .
leaks a little.not bad with grey water - but of a problem with the black water ...
the film is a little thinner than i would normally like . goes on well . price is ok .
another handy item to have to charge a phone , gps or any small item that needs a cigarette plug to operate it .
it works well just make sure you use the 3 be for the 2 an it will be fine it keeps mine looking great
great car wash stuff . was using dish washing liquid and this is much better . great scent too so that's a plus .
good to keep tires clean , dosnt have a deep shine , but keeps tires clean longer . like it.easy to use , good buy .
valterra is known for quality rv products and accessories , this is no exception . shipping was on time and product was exactly what i was expecting .
tight fit that is snug . a bottom fist strike seats cap . we will see soon how it handles a road trip .
get price bought it used and it was brand new basicly it still smelled new and not like gas .
i got this product to go with the wax on helping apply , yes i would buy this again , it does wash well .
easy to use . keeps my trailer hitch safe and secure.has a cover over the key hole to protect from rain and dirt .
no news here . i bought it but not used it yet . will update it lower if it does not work well when i get it on the rv
picks up the water very nicely thinking about getting another one . the color is good to see if there is any dirt or grime on it too
initial review is that it is working as designed . i hope to get many years of use from this product . only time will tell
i carry this around in the tool box in back of my pickup . it has proved handy a couple of times .
i installed this on my 1994 vw golf . it's simple to install and simple to operate . recommended to anyone looking for a simple and affordable central locking system
good brushes sturdy will last a long time very good quality product . i will buy more of these types of products again in the future .
this item worked as described but i had to send it back . however , if you need a good plug for traveling , this does it well .
dont buy not worth it to epensive did gave it a try but i had to remove it whith my regular body shine thank you
it works as needed , when needed , and i have no complaints . nice long cord , big led light , and easy instructions .
other stores have this thing for . 99 ! make sure you need it , it's not really what you want for long rides or large loads
i am a multiple buyer in the chemical guys products , although i do use more than the recommended one squeeze , everyone compliments how nice my vehicle smells .
have not in stalled this product yet but looks like it will do exactly what i need it to do .
find out which pulley is whining . comes with a nice extender for those hard to reach areas , very clear ! i would recommend to anyone .
i only had one plug break but with this it came out without a hitch and i didn't need to pay tow prices to get it to the garage !
this cable worked great for my 4 wheeler , i hooked it to my battery , and don . t have to rase the seat to charge the battery
this is a great product from 3m i would tell any one who is going to do painting this is one tool you should have
firm and sturdy . removed the front portion of the top to make sure they were securely fastened . since then , i have had no issues with them .
not much to say . it fit and worked as it is designed to - was just a much better price on amazon !
works great with my drill to secure the jacks under my trailer and level up my trailer using the jacks i also purchased on amazon
these fit perfect on my pick up truck as they said they would and brighten the roads at night for more visibility that makes my traveling at night safer .
well before it turned cold enough that i had to wear winter gloves , these came in so handy riding my bike
comes with mounting hardware and east to install and many different configurations that it can be used for , recommend highly
i bought this oner the foam one . it will last longer . you keep it in the can to stay soft . less waist . sw
met my expectations for our 07 toyota camry , fit nicely and cost a lot less than store sale prices , no issues .
this is one-size-fits-most . it works on the filter for my 2002 volkswagen passat , but it's too large to grip the filter on my 1993 chevrolet s10 .
not much to say . good price . good oil . no problems . use it in lawnmower , snow blower , etc . 48oz container is good size .
this was a good deal . its made a little cheap , but it does the job . buy it if you need it !
we needed this for the rv jack and found that it was far less than the rv folks wanted . thanks
best price i have found , beats grease on pants . less bruise on shin when bumping , ha ha . cheaper than reese brand .
the engine was not starting after several pulls . replaced the old plug and the engine fired right up with the first pull .
not sure why these don't come stock ! ! ! extremely helpful when you have your hands full . tailgate drops slowly and predictably .
this works well for lug nut cleaning but it could be a bit stiffer to work better . you just need to use a lot more cleaner instead .
they are ok . nothing special and pretty thin . if you want some cheap low cost fingerless gloves , they are just that .
i bought this to do the brakes on my porsche and it does not working very well it's too fat to fit in the space .
be sure you know that only one mirror is included in this price . bolts on good , gonna give it a try this weekend
these are nice polishing towels for the price ! much better then most microfiber towels that come in a bulk pack ... for auto detailing these are perfect
this product is nice . when used on a cordless drill , you can lower or raise the jacks quickly . this is exactly why i purchased this product .
i have used this a couple of times and it works great on checking the motorcycle tire pressure . love the angled head .
super soft and i'd say zero possibility of scratching . i bought a new black car and use these with meguiar's black wax . does an excellent job .
these are good enough to get most motorized vehicles up and running , for semi and farm equipment , get solid copper .
great quality and the welded on nut makes it easy to install or remove . fits a 2012 ninja 1000 and er6n
this unit fit on my cargo trailer with minimal effort . took out all the sway during our trek to washington from arizona .
works like crap . does not allow enough air in to blow lines out . save your money and use an air nozzle instead . trust me !
good to have on hand for emergencies . small so it doesn't take up a lot of space . worth the price .
i have been buying this product for several years now , and i love everything about it . the fragrance and how easy it is to place in vents .
made a huge change to my interior . works great and gives me some much needed light in certain spots . mostly for show but has practical uses .
to thin . ripped before the job was done . i tossed them and got a heavier glove . don't waste your money .
the velcro that is sent with it is not very good ... on hot days in the rv they fall off and they tear easy .
i recently purchased this item to use for off road recovery while using the hi-lift jack . it's well made , heavy duty and should work just fine !
it helps to maintain the handle in its position and to avoid any anoying sounds from this handle when moving .
the instructions are very helpful and easy to use . this is a good product and lives up top the 3m name .
i use this product on the car's leather seats . the seats are a tan color and really show dirt and stains . this product cleans them up nice .
looks good but haven't tried it yet . worth the price and you can see what's going on when you pull the valve lever .
this item is worth the money when your are trying to set gap on spark plugs . very easy to use
this is on wife's truck to keep it charged while on we are vacationfit perfectworks perfecti put dielectric grease on the contacts to keep them corrosion free
very good quality cable . it will more than suffice for extending my solar charger connections . i would say that amperage handling is pretty decent also .
got this for my honda harmony 217 push mower and always use ngk plugs for it . it starts and runs good with it .
anti - sieze works . i am still getting used to using it more than i used to . it works on more places than just breaks .
works great ! i installed it in my subaru impreza hatchback and it lights up my whole interior . much brighter than my standard oem bulb . great buy
these mats are awesome ... super heavy duty and mopar made them to fit perfectly . definitely worth the money and i expect they'll last a very long time .
only used it for a few weeks now . fits great in my class 2 hitch . hope it holds up through the seasons .
i love all of the mobil 1 synthetic lineup , and this gear lube is no different . treat your car nice and get the best .
this product is good if you didn't know that by now , you must be picky or new at filters . woot
does a great job to keep out mud , debris and snow out of the fuel area . some problems with installation but otherwise no complains .
loved the quality and meguiar products can be trusted . i had been using them for 3 yrs on my mustang and is completely satisfied .
i ordered these bulbs for my buddy and me . we put them in our silverado trucks as interior lighting . it makes the inside light up .
perfect fit for my 3 series bmw . looks exactly like the oem blads / arms that came with the car . clears the window great .
works like it is listed . very nice way to eaisly test and know your safe togo when using a trailer ...
worked great for us , nothing super special but nothing to complain about either . if you need one this will likely work just fine .
these seem of good quality . very easy to install . just make sure they are really tight so they are hard to steal / don't fall off .
this microfiber aplicator pads make the waxing a pleasure and mantain your paint free of scratcheslove the new size and the microfiber materials
3m knows how to make sandpaper . when you get to 2000 grit you're really polishing . i use this prior to polishing something .
very plush wash mitt . works exceptionally well . being microfiber , it gives the grip you need to remove stubborn bugs and other stains .
it does it job which is block air . nothing new about replaceable air filters far as i can tell . it keeps my car happy so woo whoo
i have bought several bottles of this product u cant ask for an easier quick wax spray on wipe off
you really can't go wrong with this . it is easy to use - works even in the dark with its light-up face . good product .
it dries wet , beautifully and streak free . it sprays on more evenly as most products ive tried as well .. love it .
i bought this to watch my tire wear during the track season . in all honesty i've only used it once but it works .
really like them , they do catch a lot of water . really good for the price . even better then chammy in my book . i do recommend them
haven't used them yet , but in physical inspection it appears well-made . really like being able to use one 10 ft . section separately .
i tried this out , twice as per the instructions . didnt make much difference at all . should have just kept my $ 20 .
i purchased this to clean my driveway and garage floor . it worked as well as anything else i've tried . recommend for overall cement cleaning .
easy to install . don't have to gap . noticeable performance improvement . my old plugs had 60k miles and were pretty worn .
did some caliper work and these kept the car up even on a small grade with no issues at all .
i always hesitated buying a digital pressure gauge . i finally did and very pleased . it is accurate and easy to use .
these are for washing cars . they're great ! use them . if you've never hand washed a car , buy these and learn .
exactly what i was looking for and they fit both of my cars . there was no problems with threads being cut short or anything thing else .
for the price , the gorilla automotive torque wrench is a great buy . it is simple and easy to use . no complaints .
i could not lift the car ! oil changes were not to par.aluminum and steel gave me air.the clearance underneath was fair.and now i can look like a star .
as good as originals at a good price . much better quality than some of the knock-offs in the local stores .
very solid product . this will work great while out four-wheelin in the north woods also great to have around the house .
for my 06 saturn vue as this one wipes off of the glass and onto the rear stop light . but it works well and i am satisfied .
fit and finish just like the original filter it replaced - and cheaper than what my local dealership wanted . arrived in 2 days in an ac delco box .
great snatch block ! i would not use it with synthetic rope though . it has plenty of reserve capacity for what i am using it for .
great product . stops the bounce in the over the 5th wheel bedroom . solid product , easy to set up when reaching camp .
works about as well as any medium priced micro-fiber towel i've ever used . after washing some 5-6 times they're showing their use but i still like them .
good quality oil filter . price is excellent . made in usa and you don't find that much any more . well made .
very handy little guy ! very solid locking feature , good to make sure no one jacks your hitch ! well worth the price !
used this product for many sparkplug swaps . a little goes a long way , this product has never let me down .
works great and looks great so far . i think if someone really wants to take your plate they can , but this will stop most .
works perfect for a heartland cyclone 2013 . keep out all the bugs and mice . easy to install and came as described .
as described , metal and design is great ! very sturdy and for my 2006 zx3 it holds up very well . i recommend this product .
i need another set . i used these for bulk purchases of care care products . much cheaper in the long run and these work well .
this is a high quality item that gives me peace of mind knowing it would take some sustained and noisy effort to get this coupler lock off .
very sturdy and well built . buy the chocks that work with these to chock the side of the trailer that is raised with the levelers . works great .
doesn't leave any streaks . completely wipes the windshield .. bosch has always made quality products . try to oil and air filters .
as usual fram provides the best air filter for what ever application is required . well made and durable as to be expected .
it a belt ... it fits , it hold and it rotates . there is no noise coming from it.happy with the fit and performance .
the x chock is a quality product that does the job of keeping the wheels in place . i would recommend this product .
does a fine job . only had to do it once last season . we'll see how it works on a full season
extremely affordable all needs riding glasses . exactly what i was looking for . highly recommend for others to purchase for any rider .
very strong , though limited due to it's short width . seems like it'll hold up for 20 years . cuts through very think ice .
nothing difficult about this little critter . goes on fast and works great . i would recommend this time and time again
was worried thought i might need two because of sand and size of steps . but it works perfect no problems no complaints .
i like it , it works great and adds extra convenience , i would buy this item again . good price also on this item .
heavy material , strong , very good quality , fit perfict on my gold wing , comes with lock and cable , keeps my bike dry
my husband really likes this . so easy your on . our 5th wheel just slides on now no problem . looks great .
i guess these things are alright but i won't know till i get them on and use them for awile
works great to make sure that my generator is always ready to go in case we loose power in our neighborhood .
i painted my brake calipers and this holds up to the heat pretty good . i was thoroughly impressed . i will purchase this again .
i always use timken bearings in my vehicles . this unit has been in for about 16 months and 40,000 miles and it's still turning like it's brand new .
i purchased this with the cuting pad ( maroon ) . they both are high quality and seem like they will last a decent amount of use .
bought these for the wife's 2006 grand cherokee , she loves the whiter light they produce . i also bought the high beam ones .
the nut fitting is the perfect answer to the cramped space inside the vx cruiser--way better than the oem . excellent product from k & n .
we have 12v accessory sockets in our rv and with this monitor we can quickly and accurately check our battery level .
meguiar's never fails ! this product is versatile & forgivable , as long as you don't hit any plastic you have nothing to worry about !
unobtrusive . looks great with my travel trailer . will protect my new barker 27300 deluxe high power jack from the florida sun and rain .
i use wix filters on my husqvarna lawn mower , honda motorcycle , gmc pick up ; been using them for years .
while i have not yet used it . friends recommended for ' end of year ' cleaning .
the title says it all . this kit is a great value and is an incredibly good value . worthwhile in any car kit .
i installed this with the baby on one had and a power tool on the other . okay , i was just kidding . but it is that easy .
be sure to vacuum the carbon dust off first before installing or the black particles will get into everything . otherwise it's a perfect fit .
all i can say if you get it together right it does not leak and when doing this job that is what you want .
wax went on well and came off pretty good also . don't get to far ahead of yourself before removing the wax or it take much more elbow grease .
pure one are the best filters on the market especially used with synthetic oil . great price here on amazon , have bought many pure one's here
fit my ' 98 nissan frontier's oil pan perfectly . looks to be of nice quality . torque to 25ft / lbs ( on the frontier anyway )
if you like washing your car , buy yourself two 5 gallon buckets from hd or lowes or at $ 5 , one of these and have fun
forget windex , this stuff is much better , no streaking and like the name says it really does make the glass invisible !
they fit perfectly , they get hard if they get too hot , buy plenty of extras .
these packets do an amazing job at keeping my rv tanks from stinking on hot days.best i have triedhighly recommended
i've been using these hose nozzles for years , you won't find a better nozzle anywhere . don't hesitate , buy a few you will love them .
excellent product for those small sink basins in most travel trailers . it fits perfectly and works just as advertised without any modifications .
we put these on our solera and they work great . no streaks on the windows . they are bracket-less and easy to install . recommended .
i have a ninja 250 and this is the right size . i think that is a small bike so beware the size but it is a good cover .
it's an oil change pan.pro : it holds a lot and it bigcon : where is the plug for the spout ?
very good fit.they really cover the area you drag your heel over getting in and out of the jeep ! easy to install .
sonax wheel cleaner is the best wheel cleaner ever . sonax products are simple the best . i have used so many products before this none worked like this .
it fits perfectly and it is inexpensive , what more do you need ? good for the do it yourself oil changer . i installed on a 2003 4runner .
haven't used it a lot yet , but i'm really impressed . moves pretty quick and has a long reach . should have done this a whole lot sooner .
i bought these to use with the lexol leather cleaner , conditioner , and vinylex products . does what it is intened for and they're washable for reuse .
you can clearly see the grime that it pulls up from the paint . helps bring back you paint from years of abuse .
sadly i had a lock out ignition for the use i planned on . use it on my boat battery now works great .
simple install , 2 - wire hookup . works as advertised . it can be installed at 2 different angles , gives an option for mounting .
i have used this a few times and it is easy to put on and take off of my jeep . so glad i purchased this carrier .
these are a great mat , but blow off whenever the doors are taken off . i velcroed the underside and it seems to be working .
bought this for my father in law for his travel trailer . he says so far it has worked very well .
live in florida where the sun wrecks everything , especially rubber , plastic and paint , these last for many months and don't chatter
my wife uses this cover for her scooter and it works pretty good . it does not cover the whole thing , but it gets the important stuff .
this was a direct replacement for my aging anode rod in my rvs hot water heater . installation was very easy and straight forward .
this fit the truck very well . i live down near the shore and these are the ticket for the sand .
i bought these for cleaning the nooks and crannies of my rims and also around the emblems . perfect for the job at hand !
quick and easy to install . keeps the wasps and mud dobbers out of the vents .
i put this on my motorcycle to give a little more visibility when i come to a stop . works like a champ .
good fit and takes a beating . use it for sizzor jacks and more . good to gave in the tool box on your rv .
very easy to install takes about five minutes i pre drilled mine with a very small bit and installed it .
i used it for few months but now shifted to other products as this doesnt provide you much sleek look i m expecting .
all i can say is wow . my porsche never looked so hot hot hot ! . totally recommended . buy it now ! its well worth it !
a real pair of beauties . easy installation and make driving a pleasure again.worked very well , no problems on installing the bulbs
fits directly into the blanks on a nissan titan . knocked off one star because the price is a little steep . other than that , they're great .
fast replacement to your cabin air filter which most people don't change in their car and should . quick and easy to change this product .
i highly reccomend this with the meguiar's da polisher , perfect to use with meguiars ultimate polish ! but make sure you remove any contaminants from your paint beforehand !
i have used this stuff ever since it came out . it's not messy and doesn't stick . great on auto upholstery , ( no suede ) . sw
used these to secure all tires including the spare on my trailer ; easy and quick to install . match other lugs so they are not noticable .
i put these on my license plate lights and it looks like the lexus ' license plate lights now . bright , clean white light .
i recommend this over paying in store prices at your local auto shop . used this one with previous oil changes . stock up and save .
works good . cheapi tried several smart phone scan tools and sent them all back disappointed . this one will stay in my truck ready to be used .
solid feel and good sprayer . easy to fill up and use right away . a good partner with any gallon sized car products .
i use this product to hook up on my motorcycle and power my gps when i go on longer trips . very useful .
these were a replacement to the ones i lost during hurricane sandy . really well built jumper cables ! nice case and instructions too .
this item arrived on time and in excellent shape . this item frees you to do other things while the tank is being filled .
keeps the pointy greenfield kickstand from easily sinking into softer ground . installation is so easy even a caveman can do it .
great to have in the detailing arsenal ! ! i use these for wheels to dashes , good pack to have so you have one for all things !
spend a few dollars more and get the quality part that dealerships use on their own cars . high quality , works great ...
works as described , fairly easy to install . kinda obtrusive though , it really stands out more than i would have liked
drop a few of these blue bomb to ward of those nasty tank odors . they help keep the sensors clean too !
used in my 2010 nissan altima 4dr.these bulbs are bright , end of story ! for the $ $ $ you just cannot go wrong .
easy to install , be sure and read the directions , was a good fit and installation was easy . fits well on my 2012 jeep wrangler .
really works . great way to protect the arm rest in my jeep or any other car . washable , and looks good . 30 seconds to put on .
this is a good switch for all needs . i have used several and never had a problem . daystar switches are good quality ,
now this is the thing i'v been waiting for . i can not believe i have not seen it before.get yourself one and stop scratching your car man .
doesn't fit well at all . every time you lift the console it comes off . don't waste your money or time trying to make it work .
i am totally satisfied with the product and have been using it for some time . i would reccomend " oil eater " to a friend .
the obdii works for subaru 2002 , but the can does not . supposedly 2003 it will work , but cannot confirm . bummer for subaru 2002 and older ...
exactly what i needed . i've been replacing all my bulbs with leds where i can . they work and have great color .
this thing is very easy to use , sturdy and they give you an extra battery , excellent product for the price .
well made product and a great fit nothing needed to make them fit and there is no big gaps . overall a very good product , worth the cost .
at first i thought it wouldn't fit but after sitting in the sun i was able to fit it over the steering wheel . look good
works great ! wish i would have gotten this earlier , when i was letting air out with corner of screw driver , lol ..
sylvania 168/194 / 2825 premium white led driving bulb . one of the best quality bulb i have purchased . very bright and quality construction .
bought these for cleaning the acrylic windshield on my ranger . they appear soft and large enough for what i need .
looks like it will do the job . closures on the hooks seem a bit flimsy , however . strapping looks plenty strong .
if you use the metalcast ground coat like you are instructed to do the metalcast smoke paint is " transparent " and looks fantastic .
not much else to say on these grab handles . they were inexpensive and they fit and work . quality is fine for what they cost .
i already had 2 of these and ordered a 3rd so i didn't have to worry about switching them @ minus 20 degrees .
their spatulas . they spread your bondo or resin . these do great and the bondo peels off when you're done for re-use .
i put this on my hitch attached to my camper to get room past my spare tire when hauling bikes . highly reconned ! !
i bought this to replace the wipers on my jetta . it installed fast with the enclosed clips and works better than new . nice quality wiper .
i have not tried this out , but can see it helping out on older plumbing . should beat using pipe wrenches . lets all get one
i'm using these in my 2009 civic sedan and have not had any problems . fits like a glove and build is solid .
this is a very good tool it get hoses off easy it is made very well if you do not have one you need one
we use these for leveling ( role tires up onto stack ) and also for pads under leveling legs , steps and front tripod .
the swivel connections make it a lot easier to use than some of the other products and reduces the stress of dealing with this aspect of camping .
oem part no f6az - 7a098 - awhy go aftermarket ? this is the best for fitment
i bought a battery tender jr & the big one , for cold weather in pa.cant really tell the difference , suggest the jr unless you have specific needs .
this kit made my 5 - year-old k & n filter look like new . and it took only a few minutes with very little effort .
arrived quickly and packaged good . fit on the step like a glove . i really like this as i noticed the carpet does not attract such a mess .
great little carrier when you order the multiple packages of battery tenders . provides good protection from spiders etc while sitting out in the garage !
i use it to hook the compressor right up to my battery . the clamps connect well . three more words
i just bought it in case of an emergency if i have a flat tire .. i haven't used it , but i think it will work fine .
shipped fairly quickly . pretty good quality for the price . wasn't exactly big enough for my suzuki sx4 window but it does the job .
great oil and great service .. nice to know such a great product is available at such a good price . thank you !
very happy with this purchase . it is so much better than the yellow hard plastic one . the soft rubber protects the door edges much much better .
exactly what i needed to add to my box of wheelin components , i'll save a tree when i need to hook up & pull " other " people out
lisle , great products an i love the quality of them and have had them for many years ! you get what you pay for
these gloves were much better than i was anticipating , at this price point . they are great for those cold mornings ! love the fit .
great alternative oem filter for lexus ls430 ' s . i've used this filter without any issues . fits perfect and does not leak .
this is a nice solid hitch lock . the rubber cover over the lock fits tight and does a great job keeping the mud and water out .
good product ... much better than a chamois , especially when used with a silcon squeegee .. car dry and spotless in 5 minutes ... good purchase
this great screen door grille fixed our cat before we had to fix our screen . he can climb up it all he wants and he can't hurt anything .
this mothers wheel brush gets right into the cracks to clean my chrome wheels very well without me worrying about scratches .
i recommend this tool for home use . the only draw back is that it does not work with obd 1 on older vehicles .
they work like they are suppose to . they are mounted on a smitybilt stinger front bumper . package was great . no paint chips .
i could easily have made this tool , but i'm getting lazy in my old age . it beats using a pair of channel locks , and much neater .
i use it just for its plugs . i wish it comes with dirt cover and outer cable shield for better protection for use under the hood connection .
the product smells good and when sprayed on the wheel the dirt will turn a purple color to show its removing all the grime from the wheel .
every car should have this one . portable and reliable with reasonable price . works well with my mid-size car . highly recommended .
right bulb to replace the original that lasted almost 4 years . kind of a pain to replace with the lights mounted but it can be done .
cheaply made the led leads are loose in the base had to glue each one before use to keep them from vibrating and turning off
i needed a good cover for my trailer's spare tire . fix's nice and tight . material is good also . i recommend this product !
master lock 262 dat chrome lug nut style spare tire lock is a simple to use and reasonable sturdy product . good value
i have tried these out all ready and they worked great . i should have ordered two sets of them . thanks
i have used this on my car , motorcycle , and even a scooter . this works well as part of a maintenance schedule .
my new focus comes with dealer plate , replacing it with this plus screw cover and there's no ad anymore , i like it .
i always lock up my motorcycle when it sits outside . i live in an apartment complex and every body leaves my motorcyle alone .
great tool for those spring clamps . i use it every day on cooling systems and intakes . also very cheap compared to the tool trucks .
honda price 1.50 - 3.50 ea . these are 13 cents each . made of tough nylon . good to have handy around the shop . enough said .
i recently replaced all my pads and rotors . this grease applied very easily and i do not have annoying squeaky brakes .
i use this to connect my mini wind turbine.it keeps my battery bank charged up , and works fine.will last for years .
very good price d-ring quality very high as well as the paint . would buy again . holds up to any torture test you give it with a winch .
i have not used the as of yet , but they iook like they will do the job they were made for . package and deleivery was spot on .
i was pleasantly surprised to find the pump got more oil from my honda pilot then i ever got by draining it from the drain pan .
this is a very good quality set - makes it easier to remove internal car / dash panels .
does exactly as it says . powerful and doesn't overheat or loose power . cobra is a trusted name and i'm happy i chose this brand .
this products does what is says it will . i use this for my da meguiars polisher . best use for waxing , finishing buff .
my camper fridge does not have a fan in it and it does not circulate the cold air well . this is perfect to fix that situation .
fits perfectly , can't wait to wear it this summer when it is too hot for either my full face or modular helmets .
this is nice small touch to jeep , my jeep is all black and this was nice change from crome to simply black , very easy installation
love this pump . i have use it on re-filling my cars transmission . works great i am happy with this item
well it just came today , looks better live then in the picture , i think it will be a perfect size for a weekend cruise .
do not waste your money . bough a mid grade " full size " digital gauge and found this one to be off by 5lbs !
the cloths work great for cleaning interior panels ie plastic , not good for windows , smells great .
does a great job on my subaru wrx wheels , makes it easy to get every spoke and deep in the wheel .
velcro straps . they work . they are tough . not much else to say about some velcro straps . they are black with a logo on them .
it was easy to install and could feel the instant difference after the installation . no complaints very good product and i would recommend .
love this mount . works great and looks good too . a bit pricy but its made with good quality . easy to install too .
good adapter , no problem with it yet , does the job when i need it . i do recommend . doesnt worth it to pay more.tks
was out dry camping and the pads work flawless with my stab jacks never had to readjust my jacks for 3 days .
no issues and performed as intended , so 5 stars . not much more you can say about spark plugs , so excuse me for the short commentary .
i use this mainly for my stabilizers , i use this for every camping trip . nice color so you don't leave them behind .
this is a well made brush that is great for cleaning rims . it has a long handle that makes it easier on my back .
these are not much different than oem lights . i was not overly impressed by much if any difference if any .
well done to fit my 2007 bmw 335i sedan . quality built and really activated charcoal . use just 5 minutes to install .
keeps the dogs paws ( and slabber ) off the center counsel , fits well and good quality and glad i bought it .
replacing cheap broken plastic models on my rv with these . nice finishand spring . easy installation and won't ( most likely ) break any time soon .
does what it says it will do , and it's well built for the relatively low-load job . not much else to say about it .
the pliers are awesome for removing plug wires on a hot motor . just be careful no to burn yourself recommend
i got my first one for my motorcycle and later ordered a second one for my golf cart . their are so many uses for this ... wm
these look great on my rock lobster red wrangler ! really accents the front along with the matching turn signal trim and mesh grill inserts . super easy installation .
these are much better windshield wipers than my michelins . they last longer and work better . there's not much else to say !
works just like it needs to . perfect fit for the tailgate on my 96 chevy 1500 when the oem clip busted .
makes easy work of filling your batteries . you don't have to see into the holes just push down and wait for the gurgling to stop.always the correct level .
this isn't the easiest tool to use in tight spots , and it's not particularly easy to read , but it gets the job done .
these are easy to use and comes with many sizes . take your time and the fuel line will disconnect just fine .
i love this charger ! it fixed a bad battery i had ! worth the price
how often have you started to wax your car and opened your was and the applicator is dried up and or dirty looking ? i rest my case .
this wheel brush is great for cleaning wheels . go figure ! but seriously ... i was previously using a sponge and this is worlds better .
another of the must haves for rv-ing , if you don't have it when you need it , you will be sorry . '
these are nice wiper blades that are easy to install , don't streak , and last for quite some time . recommended , especially considering the price .
good quality butt wipe . keeps your hiney clean while camping and does not clog up the black water tank . works well .
camco 39847 rhinoflex clear 45 degree rv sewer hose swivel fittingneeded this to complete to hook up on our camper and keep with the rhino line of products
this was a little tricky to put on but with patience and a friend we got it on . so far it has stayed on my rv .
pure magnesium anode is the best choice for my application . will buy again in 2 summers to keep the heater from rusting
i used this wax on my platinum gray vw and the surface had a near perfect mirror reflection . i will continue to use this wax
good deal at a reasonable price . perfect for my rv drinking water . leaves no after taste . i recommend this one .
this stuff is like magic.other products don't work , this stuff is impressive . i've been using it for years and it's hard to find .
this battery terminal works as intended for my motorcycle , eye holes are large enough to accept the screw but small enough to get a good clamp .
my truck was in need of a new fuel filter and all the parts stores around wanted nearly 3 times the price of what amazon wanted .
installed this air filter on my 2013 silverado and immediately realized a gain of approx . 2 mpg . took about 10 minutes to install .
it was what i needed and at a fraction of the cost at the local stores keeps the wash mitt out of dirt and debris
this hose is much thicker than previous hoses i've had on rv's . well worth spending a little extra , than buying standard rv waste hose .
i love this wax ! it gave my car a great shine and it protects my paint from any harsh contaminates .
it looks good " out of the package " , but how will it look in a year of two ... we shall see in a year or two !
expensive , but works , i guess you could just duct tape the handle instead . stops the noise to , the handle rattles unless secured
vast improvement over using branches , bits of wood or handy stones . folds up and easy to carry . a must have sewer hose item .
the blue button fails often . the unit works well but is very cheaply built . i would look for something else .
looks like good quality but a bit small for major car cleaning . you might want to look for something larger for bigger jobs .
local garages wanted $ 50 to replace my air filter - bought for $ 15 with a five minute install - what more could one ask ?
i sometimes get 2 oil changes out of the drain gasket but at this price i'll change them at each change.oh , yeah , they work fine .
i ordered this for replacement from oem gas cap and it fit very good on my honda with great success
as many others have stated , these should be factory installed , but for the price and ease of installation , you can't beat the value .
i have this mounted on my pop-up trailer to keep the battery ready to go between trips 65 days camped in 2012
i use royal purple lubricants in my 2002 ford super duty 7.3 diesel . they are all excellent products and this grease out performs regular petroleum based products .
excellent quality and build . i am very happy with mine and recommend it to others .
this is a water additive that can potentially increase your cooling capacity by a few degrees by lowering surface tension and increasing boiling point .
just what it is - brass drain plug . normal quality as you would buy in a hardware store if you could find this configuration for this specific purpose .
while designed for marine applications where the fuel sits for extended periods , i use it to protect my 4kw rv generator when in storage .
bought this for the tool box at work . it works as it should and there is really nothing bad about it .
good bungies , nice compact cover can litteraly fit in from fork pouch , thin but protective and fit a dyna glide without windshield very well
easy to use with my droid razr and the free torque app . use this in my 03 grand cherokee . i am batman .
if you are looking to buy these brushes it is cheaper to purchase them separately then buy them in this kit.do the math and save some $ $ $
why more is there to say for the k & n products , as long as it holds true to it's name i will be a happy camper .
quality product , fit 2013 nicely , but took off because it's plastic , trying to remove all plastic.one of those things you get without thinking about future upgrades .
use a 6 gal plastic gas can . been using mine for 8 years so far .
pig spit is good . love me some pig spit . used this product after reading reviews on amazon . very pleased with the results on my harley .
its a solid piece that's easy to read , very handy to monitor tread wear i would definitely buy it again
i replaced my bed lights with a couple of these and they are ok . i was hoping for something a little brighter but the don't list the lumens .
i received the valve on time and it was very well packaged . i have installed the valve and it works very well on my rv hot water tank .
is the second i buy for my applications with my 12v dc solar system , i get a wide variety of applications with the stifling proliferation and female cigarette adaptor
this is the oem filter and cap with the gasket . they're the genuine oem items .
as with all lexol products ... excellant quality and serves my needs extremely well . i highly recommend all of lexol products .
best price on the internet  . worked great on gear oil replacement for my f - 150 2001 axle . last time it will need to be replaced
never know when you , or a family member , will need a fuse . nice to have these on hand when needed .
this cap fit perfect as it said it would and my service engine light has gone off so i am very satisfied with it .
easy to replace , old one that i broke not paying attention to what i was doing . three little screws , easy to do in seconds .
all you an expect from an smittybilt product , not the big thing , it works for recovery but don't push it too hard construction material is cheap .
while it works great i found i did not need the swivel ability so could have saved on others that work just as well .
using this to reach a motorcycle far away from the outlet while . charges just the same and the battery tender still indicates when the battery is charged properly
i have tried various other hoses , none compare . if you need a new rv hose , look no further than the camco rhinflex hoses .
i use this to charge a small portable sla battery . no problems . also use it to trickle charge car batteries while in storage . no problems .
i had a seriously clogged toilet . i used this twice and it not only cleaned my tank but it restored the sensors to working condition .
have not installed wiper blade as of yet . also keep a set as a spare . looks great but will not use until old set requires replacement .
great replacement and works well . i will buy another to have a spare for my 36 year old ford rv
works great and fits in my oem spare switch spot . have it controlling the fog lights installed . definitely would recommend this switch
great fit and very easy to install . certainly will help avoid paint damage on the rocker . would recommend to anyone .
this car wash is definitely worth the price.streak free shine , pleasant smell and a little goes a long way.cleans very well .
nice made keeps the cold wind off your face . may freak some folks out though lol . i get crazy looks riding with it.awesome works great ! !
i use braided straps to hold them even more securelyin high winds . i expect them to last about 3 years before ineed to replace them .
works great . i love the fact that i can see when the tank is clean while emptying out the stuff ...
have not used this one yet but i think it is a good idea and happy to have it as a spare in the camper
these have worked out great , they are easy to use and store and are light weight . we use them a lot and have had to problems
because of the clear plastic you can see clearly when everything is flushed out , so no more guessing and hoping the flush is finished .
hold my rug down and pulls up easy . the washers on it give it a good snug fit ...
i'm not sure what they make this with , but this towel works great and is very soft to the touch . i'm buying for my other cars .
the bottle works wonderful , really last a long time ! 5 stars ! all the way i love this produce i used it all the times
you have found the best there is , no more looking - yep , right here - buy it ! ! !
i read a review on this product before i purchased it and am glad i did . it really works . like it .
would not connect from my 2005 dodge ram diesel to a toshiba a100 or a tmobile g2 with the torque app .
this works great and it has fit every waste station and situation we have needed it for with no problems
i use these to connect up the windturbine to the battery bank.they are solid heavy duty connectors , that i know will last me a long time .
great product for a quick " lick and a promise " wipe down in between washes.easy to use , leaves great results even on the plastic fairings
it is smart to give warning lights as it can differentia between battery and alternator voltage .
i have bought quite a few scents from chemical guys and this one is probably my favorite so far . great cherry scent that mellows quickly .
i love it - have it rubber corded to the stand via a drilled hole - it just plain works !
it does what it is supposed to do . with a nice heavy drill you can use it to put down your booms on the trailer in seconds flat .
works as expected and does it well . i like the velcro for placment and think all of their products are generally rugged and well made
fits my electric jack so well . no worries about the winter months now . really a very handy item to own .
great price , better than local hw store.product is a rather large bottle and if ordered from a prime vendor , will come quickly
very good product . i order another because the old one will fall out soon enough . nice when things work out !
ok , this is a simple device , but it worked like a charm . good quality and no leaks at the connection !
use this product to recharge your k & n air filter . i don't know of any other product i could use to recharge my filter .
camco seems to make a good middle range product that does the job . no need to spend more to get the job done .
works great . exact fit . no more waking up with sun in your face ! nice quality too . worth the money completely .
the assorted grades are exactly what i need . as a diy individual working on small project is a perfect value with all the different grade you ever need .
very durable , love the bright color , very easy to adjust just twist and pull and twist back to lock in place
works well and its great to get swirls out of my black car . i use it with the meguiar's finishing pad and porter cable orbital buffer .
great apc , work as advertised ! saw many reviews on youtube from chemical guys on this cleaner . quick work of wheel cleaning !
after 1.5 months in the sun it rotted out . not made for outside awnings as advertized . do not buy this junk !
a good length for getting at things and not banging your hand against a wheel of tire while cleaning your car
easy to install and screws inline with my water system . i would recommend this for any trailer with a water system installed ...
so far , so good ! meets my bmw needs or requirement . i would definitely get it again in the future and use it for my other cars .
mr . pink is really good . i use it with my foam lance . it works really well inside their . the chemical guys ' products are great .
solid construction - finally not stressing the joint of my rv with the water inlet.no freezing experience yet but it's holding well and looks to be good constructionwould reocmmend product
used these for my civic speakers and bundled with the bulk pack does wonders for dampening sound and keeping out road noise ! great purchase !
set it up on cordless drill and was able to stabilize my tt's 4 jacks in just two minutes . . .
i use these under my wheels , and leveling jacks . even though they are plastic they appear to be holding up well .
works as described . had no trouble with the zipper or fit that others have mentioned .
i purchased these as a precaution to a long road trip so i cannot speak as for there quality when used for intended purpose but they appear decent .
fits the battery tender plus 021-0128 like a glove . has just enough room for the unit and cables . also has a handy pocket for the documentation .
i use these for aftermarket batteries for 12v power wheels . can charge with a battery tender and fit together nicely
this stuff is in a nice neat package . applies well and doesn't smell tooo horrible . worked for what i needed it for and at a great price .
the best towels i have used . amazing for drying my cars . can not beat the price either . highly recommend these towels .
florida will do that but after at least 50 car washes it's still reads well . was not cut very straight on one end so we re-cut it .
the gas cap on my corvette just would not lock anyone and gas mileage was suffering . it was very easy to replace and fits great .
nice thick soft towels ! if you are into keeping your vehicle looking good the chemical guys are a name you need to know .
make sure you use this any time you install new spark plugs - you'll be glad you did , when it comes time to change them again !
this harness is the best upgrade to my 93 jeep lighting system . i paired this with a set of piaa h4 bulbs and i'm more then happy .
great accessory for the charger , it makes the process very quick to change vehicles without having to even pop the hood .
simple to install and of high quality believe it or not the fittings and valves are very good . makes winterizing a one man snap ! ! !
i guess it is a good remover because it did remove the wax from my paint before painting it . a good choice .
its hard to say anything bad about these batteries.much smaller than the other battery and it wont rot out the battery tray .
i throw out the applicators that come with the car wax and always use these . they wash up well and seem durable . highly recommend .
this stuff is powerful works good but not sure is it doing any better than little cheaper alternatives as long as it works can't complain
perfect for my camper hook up . it was fairly easy to install and not only has the circular connector , but has the 4 pinconnector also
you can see inside a car or truck with these , hard to read a map with the stock lights but not with these .
very cheap . locking mechanism fell out the first time i used this cap . pass on this one . cheap cheap cheap . waste of money .
easy fit and plenty bright . a huge improvement over the light output of standard bulbs . it is a harsh white light though .
cant really go wrong with chemical guys products . has a nice clean smell and does not streak or smear on dash , or hard plastic panels .
very handy for the duals on our motorhome where the tire pressures are 90 pounds , but definitely over kill for a normal passenger vehicle .
good clips nice wires . not the greatest but do the job . ours are used mostly with automotive repair & mowers .
you don't have to guess when your black / grey tank is empty now.it ' s a solid design and well worth the purchase .
it fits my 2010 mustang v6 . and with gas approaching $ 4.00 a gallon again - - a way to protect that very expensive gasoline from theft .
i bought this and a 19 " for my e46 m3 , very quick and nice fit and they work great and look great
this item fits great on my 2005 subaru wrx sti . my original plastic one was squealing like crazy . this all metal pulley fixed that .
other than the price , this wiper is fine.it is almost the same as a factory product . i wish it had cost less .
i love meguiar's products but this wheel cleaner was a waste of money . it really did not clean the wheels as suggested . don't waste your money !
its so slimy and gouy and nasty and icky ! i love using this grease on anything and everything ; even me ! ! !
oem quality , great price , easy to install.dealer will charge you 4x or 5x the price to put one in , do it yourself and save a bundle .
the mobil 1 full synthetic is a great motor oil , i have used it in my secondary car for years .
this connected easily to my honda and no more charging needed during the winter to start the bike . its worth the price .
working great on my yamaha wolverine which i keep outside nexted to my garage under a cover . also works great on my tracter ...
so happy to receive it sooner than i thought . got very disappointed with all missing stuff in the box . manual etc .
hooked this little baby up to my cordless drill and put my levers down in no time . sure beats cranking the handle ..
have it on my goldwing , so far so good , when the bike is charged it goes into maintenance mode . done
great item , it takes of any hard to remove oil filters . i would definitely buy again if needed be .
not a bad light but not as white and bright as i thought they would be but better than what i had ...
nice fit and stainless bolts . nice security feature with the special torx wrench provided . won't rust in our harsh ny winters .
i use this converter bar to link my motorcycle front tire carrier to my mini - works like a charm .
so far so good , clear reading and easy to use , like the reading-hold feature . at the price ( $ 9 paid ) can't go wrong .
i had a set of these before but only the two ton . needed another pair and these match up perfectly with dimensions for my 2 - tons .
mothers contoured tire brush is well made , scrubs the outside of tire with ease and has the right angle for the job .
this was easy to install and works great ! make sure you match up both sides or you will have issues when trying to latch it .
does not work as advertised . followed the instructions , but was not able to get the headlight lens on my 2009 rv .
like that they have a cover for the exposed end . have them on all my motorcycles to keep them ready to ride in a moments notice .
i like the other m brand better than mothers . you have to switch rags constantly with this stuff . not bad though .
this stuff applies very easily and it lasts a long time . i use spray wax to make it last even longer.synthetic stuff is the way to go ..
fit and look good on my ' 10 wrangler . looks like they'll last a long , long time . seem to be very sturdy .
i was really surprised by these valve caps . they are a high quality valve cap that looks nice with my alloy wheals .
i liked the towel . i have several microfiber towels with a softer nap and much prefer them to this towel .
i bought this for my 2nd gen tacoma and it fits just fine and is priced at almost the same price at oem .
this looks great but , i have not used it yet . all the parts came with it as stated and quality looks great .
does the job well . comes with easy to understand instructions.takes less than half an hour to do the job .
a great price for a great product . i have used meguiar's products for years with great results . highly recommended for car lovers .
just like oem and alot cheaper then what the dealer quoted . bought 2 , one for back up just in case the other goes out . highly recommend .
using this to paint the shields in a pair of mini h1 ' s for a retrofit i'm doing , and the color looks great !
cleaned the wheels on my truck with this . made it so easy to clean without have to stoop down and scrub
fits into spare tire space for 2003 hyundai elantra . is beefier than the factory jack . comes with the tool to raise and lower it .
i know it doesn't cost much , but well worth it on a sunny saturday morning when you want to sleep in
the original plug was just crumbling and falling apart . this universal replacementwas a cinch to install and fits great . nice essential unit for your rv rig .
nice small brushes that are useful on the car and also bicycle . they're good value at this price , but i'd not buy if they cost much more .
this was a perfect fit for my 2008 tundra and much cheaper than found at other sources . product is as described .
it really helps to keep the car safe from water and sun . it's easy to apply , feels oily , and the water goes away easily .
better price than what my dodge dealer was charging , and cheaper too without having to wait 2 weeks for it come in . looks perfect .
i picked this up as a lighting deal and it has not disappointed . great digital gauge if that is what you are looking for in a tire gauge .
very easy to put on and remove and provides a nice , smooth finish that is very dirt repellent . would buy again .
fits my 6 gallon water heater in my 35ft keystone laredo . looks just like the one that came with it .
these are nice but they are hard to clean after you use them ? anyone know a trick for cleaning ... good buy !
great price for microfiber cleaning cloths ... reasonable quality . great for a multitude of cleaning responsibilities .
i put these on a 83 nissan truck in the bumper . they're brighter than the headlights , and pure white compare to the yellowish color of the headlamps
i've used this in bmw concertible and my suzuki suv and it worked well in both . i used it to drive torque software .
this interior makes it so easy to clean the inside of my car . leaves everything looking shiny and new , without any residue or overpowering chemical smell .
plugs the hole and more ! much nicer than the plastic plug . should be standard equipment on all campers and motor homes .
good construction , item is very strong , thiefs get farway watching the strong construnction and difficulty of this item , really recomended stuff for your truck / car .
if you store motorcycles , riding mowers , atv's or any type of automobile for more than a month at a time this thing is worth it .
definitely brighter than stock bulbs . have been using them for 2-3 months now and no issues . they do illuminate the road a little further .
what can you say about a piece of rubber that makes the " clanking " noise go away ? it works but wish it was a little cheaper ...
i've used it a few times now on problems areas on the car and it has no effect . i will try something else from a different brand .
while i have not yet used , it is part of my traveling repair kit as friends recommend it .
this automatic trasmission flud is oem.it has a red tint.automatic trasmission works smooth.comes shipped in a individually sealed bag to prevent leakage . i would buy again .
good insurance for a transmission , especially in a harsh environment , or towing situations . cheap price to delay a costly repair job .
will update this review if for any reason this thing doesn't function flawlessly . best price , that always helps .. compare to the rv store ?
produces a higher gloss about like the armor all high gloss product , don't use on dash . meguiars products usually perform as advertised
i used his on 3 diferent circumstances and worked on 2 . i would say it's pretty good and amazing at the time .
the price was right and it saved me a drive to the local toyota dealer to buy this filter . genuine toyota part .
goes on easily , dries quickly and worked to seal a gap around the front windshield . i ordered an extra tube just to have on hand .
this makes quick work of setting my trailer jacks using a battery powered drill . fits the jack nut perfectly with the deep socket .
i could not stand the smell of this . i threw it out after having it in my car for 5 minutes
this fits nicely into my boat's hvac system . the original one was nasty ! hire a contortionist to install it for you .
these are not xenon white ( i wasn't expecting them to be ) but they are bright , safe , and economical . i would highly recommend these .
i already new what this one can do so , i'm not surprised .. use to put in all my car connectors to help keep away any possible moisture .
i ordered this item and it arrived on time . this handle looks and works great , just like the original one that came on my truck .
this product made my 2012 dodge ram 1500 quad-cab run quieter . this product seems to flow through the engine with ease . thank you
this camco 20lb propane cover fits properly and looks great on my travel trailer . i would recommend and buy again .
i just bought a used 2000 toyota sienna van . replaced every bulb for safety . passed last years safety check . recommend it .
i bought it for 2007 bmw 335i sedan filter change . it matches and works perfectly great torque as described . highly recommended for people looking practical products .
this item is very simple but it makes working with brake a piece of cake it hold the caliper so they don't bother you falling with every move .
these keep camper more stable than just standard plastic wheel chucks . easy to put on and take off ; come with wrench .
great do it yourself brake flush or brake bleeder . no mess , clean job . 2 more cars to go . i will certainly recommend to friends .
made of good quality material and does an excellent job of getting the old dried wax off the pads . i highly recommend it
my unit did not come with any instructions . the tool seems too complicated to be very useful , but does work .
i bought these to keep the sun and my neighbors grass clippings off my tires , easy to install and they do the job !
very good a + + + but be care full when you try doing it by yourself , you need someone stand right front of you help you .
nice product , claims not to damage pressure senders , seems to be effective if puncture is in the tread . does not claim to work on sidewalls .
if you have never used a clay bar on your car - buy this kit . you will be amazed at the results .
match my existing wheel chocks . a little too big a radius on the curved side for my wheels , otherwise would be a 5 - star .
i like these , they are much brighter than stock . they put a a slight white-bluish hue but it's still much better than stock .
i use this in my rv to both preserve the gas ( from degradation with age ) and to " treat " the engine and generator .
i bought 2 sets of these bulbs to replace my side light indicators . these bulbs are a bright white light !
works perfectly as described . keeps my bike nice when i have to store it out side for a little while .
this matt is an excellent addition to any jeep . it fits perfectly and protects the cargo area.of my 2012 jeep sahara . installs in minutes
jack stands appear well made and sturdy . they held up front and rear axles just fine during recent brake change .
have not been in a real windy storm yet but did the job on a new but stretched awning in the breeze .
nice replacement for the trunk light . provides more light but uses less energy . the double sided tape makes installation a breeze .
i've used this on our camper and it works great . swivels easily and keeps everything flowing in the right direction ! !
it's a carbon air filter - it fits , and it was slightly cheaper than the $ 80 the dealership wanted to change it out .
it's the second time , i've used this product on my mitsubishi eclipse v6 5sp . i highly recommend it for everyone to use it .
it works good . i gave it four starts cause i think it could be a lot more sturdy . but at least it works for now .
leaves a nice black looking tire with a little shine . i love that with this product i don't have to worry abou sling
i use this along with meguiar's quick detailer spray . i use meguiar's micro-fiber towel to apply to car and another to take off right behind the other.it works great
a good way to minimize the high cost , by buying in bulk . besides , the spray bottle that s100 comes in , is not worth a poot .
until we get the original valve replaced this is a good back up plan and love the concept . happy to have it .
using them to replace the lights in the car . had no problem in installing them in the light holders . they plug right in.would recommend them
easy install and makes the front grille look great . looks great on my jku 2014 ! would recommend to anyone looking to enhance the front a little .
works as expected . fit without any issues . quality seemed good and have not had any issues with air pressure or smells .
as advertised everything that this thing claims it can do it will . also the packaging was nice , big but nice .
cobra cpi-a 4000bc 4 - awg heavy-duty ac power inverter cable kitwas cheaper to buy the already made kit than make your own .
using this tool will make the job go so much easier . makes the hard part unplugging your sensor and feeding the new one correctly to reconnect it .
i neede this for my duramax tailgat , it fit nicely and looks original . easy to install and stays where it's supposed to
this little gadget is a must for anyone who washes a car at home and cares about their paint job .
these are very nice , i use them to hold a jeep wrangler on a trailer and they work perfect for this .
fits the stabilizer jacks perfectly and easily adapts to my drill so that i can quickly crank my stabilizers in just a few minutes
i bought this for our rv but my wife had me mount it under the shelf in our pantry in our home . works fine .
these things slip on a hard painted concrete floor . possibly ok on asphalt , but not concrete . pass on them , get something else .
great fit , well made and very light weight and reasonably priced visor organizer . doesn't add any bulk to the visor and is very convenient .
i have been using excel wipers for years . it is still the best wiper for the money . it works well in snow also .
this is the most current version of the lisle spill free funnel which includes the angle adapter needed on newer cars . this is the one you need .
good quality blade ... much cheaper online.make sure to measure your existing blade first to make sure this is the right size .
this electronic connector works great and was a piece of cake to install . a little time and patience and i was done in no time .
this was a great price and is equal or better to the original toyota filter . it arrived quickly and installed without any trouble .
they went into my wife's 2009 mercedes c300 . the factory bulbs lasted 4.5 years . after a week i have not heard any complaints from the driver .
fits a 1999 subaru outback wagon perfectly . much better than oem blade - i can't wait ' til winter to try them out .
cheap and light quality was similar to oem , at this price i can have a couple spares on hand . will buy more as needed
very good quality and a very fair price . received this product sooner than expected and in excellent packaging . i would order again .
if you know why you need one of these , you won't be disappointed . quality construction and works well . good buy .
fits my honda rebel 250 perfect on the medium size . seems so much more durable than the others out there for $ 15 bucks or so .
it works not the best quality but it should hold up.looks nice and fits perfect.and the price was right . would not say factory quality .
this wiper was as described and the quality is very good . replacement of the rear wiper blad on my rav 4 was easy .
the pad is the right size for the hand , soft , covered with microfiber cloth . much easier than using a rag .
work as they say they do keep dirt out rv clean makes it looks good and sharp match the color of it too
it works as promised , and it worked right out the box too perfect.no more being held hostage with the car mechanic .
although it should be included for free with the jack this item is a must have and reasonably priced . careful it's also easily stolen .
works greatinstalls easilyprotects as advertisedlooks good toowhy pay more at the dealer ( stealership ) these work great
this level works good has been left in a storage compartment with 30 below zero temps and never went bad
keeps your jeep cleaneasy to installeasy to take out and cleaneasy to uselooks good too :)
this was a add on item and you get five holders for less than the price of one at my local auto parts store .
great bulbs at a discount price . color temp is great and no issues so far . time will tell .
this is the best wash ive found , you need very little to do the job . try this iam sure you will like it also !
upgraded my interior lights to these and boy oh boy are they bright and really light up the interior ! ! love them ! !
perfect for your rims doesnt scratch or mar paint or chrome and it gets all that nasty brake dust off with ease
product is as advertised and i would buy again . makes tires nice and shiny new looking all over and it is easy .
pumped my diff fluid into my c5 z06 using thishad to pump many times , but it works ! ! solid product
i can now mount my cb or take my cb out depending on my much space i will be using on a certain run .
well ... it's a good ball . it's a shiny ball . exactly what it's supposed to be . pulls a trailer . very tough . thanks .
now we do not have to move it from car to car . these units work well and are accurate . recommend one for all your vehicles .
does not work with late model dodge canbus autolights . the styrofoam packaging inside the case was damaged upon arrival , but the parts themselves were not visibly damaged .
made applying my car wax so much more easier and evenly than before , brought an extra set just to have as a spare , good product
i saved $ 100 over letting my dealer install this same item . done in under 30 minutes ! couple of tools needed .
my husband installed this in 5 minutes and it really does work like a charm . keeps that door from blowing open and banging shut .
i love this thing - it was easy to put together holds me just fine ... and is easy to scoot around on . great price nice creeper .
i love it it works great smells awesome and does what its just what they claim it to be nothing more
good size , seems durable , fits in your hand easily & spreads tire dressing thoroghly and evenly . recommend for any car enthusiast .
have had these in my jk for over 3 years . still work great . no problems . i would order these again .
i thought i need one for towing but my factory installed adapter is still working so i just have to keep this for future use .
exactly what i needed to add to my box of wheelin components , i'll save my cable when i need to hook up & pull " other " people out
this is exactly what i needed to hang my ez pass transponder in my new vehicle . works great . would recommend .
the price and appears to meet all our needs.appears well made and we are happy with the sent product . thank you .
these bulbs are much brighter than stock and cast a clean white light evenly across the road . compared to silverstar zxe , i prefer these ge bulbs .
drove around a few 1000 miles with this this summer , looks great . not much more to say really ( )
after purchasing the first extension i soon discovered i needed another . works great when you have vehicles on different sides of the garage and ony one outlet .
positioned 2 of these fore and aft of the optimul wheel location - haven't backed into the bikes or lowered the garage door on the bumper since !
of course these were purchased to top the lynx blocks . it helped from the blocks moving when the travel trailer was pulled up onto them .
one of the best oil filter on the market.exceed manufacturer's spec.expensive , but is your car worth it ?
i have a 750 honda shadow and this will not fit over the disk brakes . it was too cheap to hassle with the return .
one way check valve . not a real big deal.comes with 2 hoses and clamp as pictured . i think it even comes with a sticker .
lasted about 3 months . it wiped clean but soon it started to skip and chatter . the rubber compound is the issue in my view .
what can i say about a cap . it works fine . fits great . no issues . need more words but more of the same .
just bought due to other reviews.will update more when i have more experience and use out of this new item .
this makes installing and running your sewer hose really easy just route it to the dump hook up and ly the hose in it you are good to go !
works great for jacks so u don't starch or slide off the frame or where ever u put it plus it matches all my prothane parts on my truck
amazingly wipes off dust keeping your car cleaner between washes . if you have a black car , you want to buy this product and use it often .
these mitts make washing the car very easy . able to get great surface application . they wash up easy and are durable . highly recommend .
turns rusted steel into a structural metal . goes on clear which not many converters do and turns black on contact with oxide .
product worked great for three days . then that was it . seemed like a good product at first but definitely can't recommend .
this hose worked well , though it does not stretch well , and gets hard if heated at all . tough fit over nipples .
this product is the answer to changing small motorcycle tires . i wish these had been around years ago when i was racing .
an off brand filter for these parts , the mann filter fit perfectly and does the job . i would recommend this product highly .
bottle came as described , have not had to use it , but it comes with the tpms safe sealant in most flat kits .
these are good pads , might be a little more expensive then your local pads at auto stores but the quality is much better !
it looks as if it should work but i have yet to test it so the jury is still out on its overall performance .
great for small crevices and the price is right for such a well made brush . can be used for other small cleaning around the house .
product is ok ... does make tires shine but only lasts a few days but on that note it will keep tires black looking for awhile
nothing special , i just got it and it works . will post in the future if any problems occur or if it holds up well .
it is highly recommended in assembly of bicycles where ferrous and non-ferrous metals are often in contact . helps alleviate odd noises when pedaling too .
i used these to oil some hinges on my windows and doors and now they operate smooth like butter . i highly recommend this .
bought for my older rv and works like a champ .. it is plastic and seems solid .. no con ' s noted thus far ; ; ;
easy to use , very solid . the double locking is a great feature but is kind of over kill . love it !
this sponge works as advertised . i have been able to safely remove bug remains and other road debris without harming the paint job on my car .
and i wasn't disappointed . this stuff leave the paint feeling smooth as butter and makes the water bead up something awesome . definitely worth the price .
i've used this puller on wiper arms and battery terminals . it works great and is very well built . everyone should have one of these .
while researching which wax to buy , i found out about clay kits . i'd never used them before . what a difference in the finish . i'm amazed .
simple install , and makes quick removal of antenna possible for those with low garages that do not want to damage antenna .
this is my 3rd set . they last longer then other brands even with using rain-x on the windows and in the washer .
used this when doing a valve cover gasket replacement . o2 safe which is good . no leaks when using this on my bmw gasket .
seemed of good quality . read it was better lasting than oem . shipped quickly . also , the egr valve is included . wish i knew this sooner .
easy to apply , lasts long , and does not fling off when you drive for the first time , if you use with the foam applicator pads .
this item is perfect when extending your sewer hose and it absolutely does not leak . works great and just what i need , no leaks .
have used it for several applications besides my maf , and will be using it on a regular basis as needed .
solid and great fit . fits perfectly and protects the rear cargo area as advertised . deep channels and good quality . recommended
nice goggles for the price . they fit over my glasses but not over larger glasses . now with my leather cap i look like the red baron
these are fantastic . for this 7 " pad , you need a 5.5 inch velcro backer or a trimmed 6inch . i found out the hard way .
its a grit guard what else can i say it does its job and im buying another one just because im anal about washing my car
best wheel cleaner i have used yes , you have to scrub the wheels but the outcome after it all , is just awesome the wheels look brand new .
great product and does the job nicely ... well made and just right for your installations needs . i would recommend for sure ...
matts are of nicer quality that i thought . forms to the contour of you floor and does not stick up .
these are a must for travel trailer owners . trailers can roll even on the slightest incline . these prevent that from occurring .
this is the high temp silicone gasket sealant for stopping leaks or forming a makeshift seal in a pinch if you can't find a gasket .
used clay bar before applying , provided a good surface for applying wax . removed most of acid rain stains and improved shine .
i have been using these for many years now . i even have one on my car . quick and easy to plug and unplug the battery tender !
i have one of these in ever car that i have . safety is a must and this is a must in my book .
so easy to use and turn on and off . it dose not burn your hand like the others do when left out in the sun .
have not used it yet but come this winter i am sure i will appreciate not having a dead battery .
bought this for work ... do a lot of toyota , scion , lexus oil filters ... works good . nice tight fit and hasent stripped anything yet ...
this is a high quality plastic & the smoke tint looks great against my truck which is black . definitely worth the $ 5 + - .
not " super bright " but looks great . has a bit of a blueish tint . was a great upgrade on my touareg .
this license plate holder really enhances the look of my bike . if you ride , then you really should get one of these for your bike
cheap cloth seat cover . works for what i needed and it fit pretty well . a little small and my seats aren't huge .
simple . effective . great price . reduces clanging of shackle and the subsequent wear and tear on the bumper . installed in seconds .
fits great all neoprene construction keep my face warm while riding my toys in the northeast winter without a full face helmet .
i had bought other mothers products from amazon and you cant beat the price . step 3 really shines your car like a boss .
seems to be a very good product . no unusual noise back there and the truck runs smooth . i like the friction modifier being already blended in .
mobil 1 v-twin 20w - 50 synthetic motor oil for motorcycle is great synthetic oil for your bike and the price is very competitive .
these are great filters the hex nut on the end make them easy to remove and no need to fumble with filter wrenches .
can't beat these little filters for camping . good price for the two and put them in the fridge when were done till the next time .
a bit pricy but save my cars when jacking with the electric jack . it's made of good quality material and should last for years .
a must have to help seal and ensure good connection between a spark plug and plug wire . this should last you through a few tune-ups !
it does the job of filtering your oil at a good price . i'm sure there are better filters but this seem to do an adequate job .
just cleaned a couple of cars , this thing is pretty good on tires and grills . buy it . you'll appreciate it .
cut them in half and use them for your low profile tires . easy to use and there's enough to last you for several years .
will make swapping out sensors allot easier . much more heavy duty than i expected , a great addition to my tool box
great wiper arms - the best i have seen.save a ton ordering on amazon .
this fit all four o2 sensors on my 2002 toyota tundra and i could have not completed the job without this specialized socket .
this is a heavy duty product . this thing is solid steel , very heavy . the d-ring looks to be up to the task .
it is easy to use . it makes my car look really nice and fun . i love it and recommend it
i purchased this for my breakaway battery on my trailer .. it works great and i got it at a fair price !
absolutely the greatest lights for vision and peripheral coverage . i'm using these in a lexus gs300 along with the philips 9006 lights .
great ramps.very strong , easy to maintain with soap and water.much better than metal ramps which tend to rust up in a couple of years .
it is exactly as it is advertised . it seems well built . if this is what you need just buy it .
excellent dual action buffer and polisher . easy to use , excellent velcro pad , nice storage bag . i loved polishing and waxing my car with this machine .
this is a great toyota coolant for the money . works as described and easy to use . highly recommend this to anyone looking flush their toyota's coolant .
a great quality item surely made for the rigors of small engine use . a superior product made by people who care about engine longevity .
needed one of these . great little hammer for hammering stuff . needed one of these . great little hammer for hammering stuff .
very bright , works fine , light is bright and fine . works very well , love it . thanks again for such a great bulb .
our jaguar had specs on the entire back end and these clay slabs got them cleaned off . perfect ! ! !
must have to mount lights . easy to install . i did put some rubber behind to protect paint . price is also very good .
ok product , didn't fit my grips .. i guess only made for their grips .
this thing was the correct size and very easy to install . it cleans the water off of my windshield . whee !
easy to install with clear instructions and drawings . no issues . took less than five minutes to install in my 2006 camry .
this red line auto trans fluid made a huge difference on my bmw's tranny . now i know why this is a little expensive .
if you need to mend something and can wait a day for it to harden properly , this is the product for you.works for almost any material surfaces .
these chocks are invaluable when it comes to stopping trailer shake . they also come with a very conveinent ratcheting wrench that makes installation quick and easy .
this product comes with mothers clay bar kit and i've never used it by itself , but while clay barring my car . it's a nice product .
it's a simple little tool but very well designed and executed . it was well worth the money ; i'm very glad to have purchased it .
i've put this on and axle upside down , it stays where i put it , and so do the bolts , washers , and nutes
this applicator evenly spreads the tire dressing without dripping . easy to clean as well and appear to be well made .
simple , quick review.great brush , long handle , not super stiff bristles.it will work for any job that requires a good brush .
great tools to have.not professional quality but if care is taken in its use and not abused . should last a life time.no issue .
a must have item , but use care as this can break ( and still be usable ) . i would not be without one .
i sometimes pull a car trailer and this adapter works fine . i have not had any trouble with it making connections .
this is the brightest panel i bought yet . bright white w / very little blue . very happy w / this and will buy another
if you don't have an accurate " battery " gauge , you'll find this works fine and let's you know exactly what's going on with your charging system .
i'm using these on a scooter , not easy to mount , easy to use . only time will tell as to quality .
it is very high quality and useful product and surely i recommend it for those who seek professional and quality work .
i haven't had any issues . it works great for charging my camcorder in the car . i just wish it wasn't so bulky .
these installed very easily and they look great if your looking for a quick way to add something to your jeep these are great .
leaps and bounds better then armour all . no greasy residue . product only needs 1 application about every 2 weeks for lasting results .
its the best light i ordered for my silhouette because a pebble broke my lamp , and it was easy to install , thank you amazon , com
purchased these for my dome / map lights in my car . they are bright and give off a pure white light . satisfied with the purchase .
this cabin filter was easy to install and fit perfectly . replacing the filter myself was much cheaper than having the dealer do it .
this works great . provides extra useable counter top space in my camper . fits well over my stove top . a must for any rv'r .
these are great for replacing your dash gauge cluster bulbs and they enhance the light by 10x . for the price you can't go wrong .
this tube is perfect for small jobs such as installing cb radios and making good lubricated and moisture resistant electrical connections .
these microfiber towels are awesome and so is the price . i've use many other brands and these are the best . i use them fo detailing my cars .
appear to be a little brighter but not a lot , the price was great very cheap compered to store purchased lamps .
these are great for there size . wish the plates were a little larger . but they support the step better then blocks of wood / /
was what we needed to replace a blown tire on our wagon . shipping as expected and no issues on installation .
if you get tired of trying to guess what your tire pressure is with the manual guages , this tool is for you . works great .
easy to install . work great . last forever . they use so little energy i never need to worry about killing the battery with the engine off .
i just installed 3 of these and they fit well and are well made . i am expecting them to hold up for years .
i did a bunch or reserach on these wheel brushes and found it had good reviews . i am very happy with it !
bought all one name product and we like to be able to see that our tanks are coming clean.good idea .
i have been a big fan of sonax , but this works just as well without the strong odor and at 1/3 of the cost .
this is a great product does everything it says.this fixed my drain hose problems and kept the waste water flowing .
camco brand are great items . i replace the broken one in my trailer and have one spare .
started this on a silver car with a pretty good finish.when done , the finish looked better and felt much smoother.great way to prep for the wax job .
these grab the bumper better than what came with the rv , and the holes are smaller than the one big finger sized hole in the old ones .
lights up the night on my kubota tractor when i am blowing snow . i have 2 lights on the drawbar and lost on bulb . this works fine .
no streaks ... nice and smooth window wiper blades ... works really well ... at a good price to for good wiper blades
excellent grease gun ! easy to load , easy to use and the longer hose is great !
gauge is simple in construction and is simple to use . it is doing what i bought it to do.quality of construction appear adequate .
just replaced the anode in my trailer water heater and this little sprayer is a must . efficient and easy to use ,
i wanted a stand with the double lock and this is it . have been using it since purchase and have had no issues . great value .
does what it says . good quality plastic . nice size to avoid spills . good pour spout also . i've used it several times already and highly recommend .
terrific oil . i'm a loyal user of royal purple products . wish they made a filter that would fit my car ... maybe soon .
this has a nice simple clean and sweet smell to it . it does not smell like old dollar bills , cigarettes and stale beer .
eexcellent build , buy it together with the extending and use it in multiple applications , so i highly recommend it for all 12v dc applications
this is so handy for testing high power leds and other various electronics . such a nice concept and simple to use .
these do the trick , install in 2 seconds and protect my d-rings as well as the bumper from chips ... must have if you have a painted bumper ..
boosts up battery more efficiently than the cheaper cables out there . feels really durable and may stay with all of my future cars . worth the little investment .
no lack of quality here . threads are good , insulator is solid , tip screws off if you have the other style connector . does what it should .
worked great . holds the hook and loop very strong . once installed the pads aren't going anywhere . nice solid backer yes
a little pricey , should have come with the cruiser plate cover . bolted right on my 06 m3 , no need for the nuts .
this gauge / filler is high quality and works like a professional one . flexible hose makes filling bikes , lawnmower , cars , etc tires easy !
great power source . jumps cars and ran my sons dvd player for 6 hrs on a fishing trip and still had 25 % power . thanks
bulbs are bright and really updated the interior of my denali . easy to install . adds bright light to the foot wells too .
we bought all one name product and it appears to fit our needs.it also appears well made and suits our purposes .
i purchased this brush because i bought new rims and tires for my truck , and didn't want to take a chance on scratching them up .
it doesn't leak . the 90 degree , plus a support piece i added to the utility bay takes all the strain off of the fittings and hose !
these are the perfect size - thin and not too much surface area to make them bulky to store . can't wait to use them !
i purchased these for support under my 3 step rv steps . keeps camper from rocking and steps from sagging ! i like !
this cap was not good for my vehicle , the truck emission light came on which means the gas cap is not good and did not seal good .
very cheaply made if you use your tailgate alot i would not recommend it does the job but don't think it would hold up if used all the time .
best wiper i've ever had . streak free and noiseless . much better than the junk at walmart . you can always count on bosch .
i use this stuff to keep fenders black on my jeep tj . then i retouch every time i wash my jeep
works somewhat but the clips that hold the brace up broke off . a little quality control would go a long way .
this worked great for my travel trailer . it expandes and compresses easily for use and storage . would definately recommend to anyone looking .
bought this for my girlfriend's crappy and old honda accord haha she loves it so i highly recommend for other nerds .
cleans the gunk out of your hot water tank . nuff said . don't bend it much or you will have to buy a new one .
these pureone filters are still the best filter for the money . bought this to increase filter capacity over the smaller l14476 and it is working beautifully .
fits great , sturdy . 20 minute install . seat bolts were tough to break loose
these bulbs are superior to the original equipment plus easy to install . the beams are whiter ( brighter ) and wider and reach a bit farther .
very handy . i have used it a few times already . works perfectly and the price was great
this is not the exact same cable that comes with the scangauge from linearlogic , but it does the job . i would buy it again .
i am happy with this purchase . i already knew these magnetic part pans are excellent . if you will use it a lot , get one .
great protection and adds a level of class to the vehicle . protects from rust and dirt . allows for smooth entry of trailer hitch without binding .
not much difference between these and the silverstar model i have used in the past as far as i can tell .
i have a new car and after i give it a good washing i use the quik wax to apply a nice clear shine . my car looks great !
clay lube works great and the clay bar is huge ! much bigger than the other clay bars you find at big box auto stores .
very good paint sealant that is exactly as every raves about it to be . the applicator pad it comes with is also pretty nice !
the milton s506 product was great , was just what i was looking for . i would recommend this to any one !
i like the wheel and tire protection and good looks on my travel trailer . easy to install and remove . . .
they were somewhat cheaper than autozone , and i've used rainx before with satisfaction . this purchase beats driving over to the stores .
they are not any brighter than the lights that i removed from my 1994 cadillac deville but they are working . guess i need to adjust my headlight projection !
this device feels solid when you pick it up . the fauceet connection works smoothly . as far as i can tell it is doing its job .
great product , leaves cars feeling smoother than a babies bottom ! ! also gives paint a great depth and sparkle , would recommend this to anyone !
we have an rv that has two tanks & this is perfect to give us extra storage while rving without having to switch between the tanks .
excellent top coat . leaves behind a great shine and smells great . i have used it on several different cars and the shine is always second to none .
works well , keeps the trailer from moving after disconnecting from the tow vehicle . these are light weight , compact , and easily stored in the basement compartment
rv winterizing necessary item . added to collection of rv items to have in case i do not have access to rv antifreeze . quick disconnect is great .
this fitted perfectly on my 2008 lancer . i used it for dome light and trunk light . it's very bright and looks awesome .
fit in my silverado great and look even better ! definitely a great oem replacement bulb to modernize any vehicle ! very bright .
the correct gap is important , especially in older bikes . this makes it very easy to check , with a wide variety of keys .
feels like i am being choked to death but does keep my neck warm . a similar material but scarf like would be better
great towel for the price . the quality is pretty good , would be a five star item if they were a little larger .
these installed very easily and it looks great if your looking for a quick way to add something to your jeep this is great and it pads the armrest
i like the thick pads better because they last longer . this one is exactly what i like so i will always pick meguiars pads .
works great with my stabilizer jacks for my trailer . i would recommend these for using under your jacks ... good quality
it just makes sense.they ' re loud enough . they're red . they're hella so they're german or something . why wouldn't you want them
the old door holder on my horse trailer had broken and the door wouldn't stay open . this new one works great and was just the ticket .
good cloths does its job good for house cleaning and glass so far survived 3 washes not bad for the price paid on lightening deals
as the title says , this accessory is worth getting with the jack . it secures the handle firmly and eliminates any vibration between the two .
easy to use and understand.not too much else to say except that the price is great.it works and would recommend
i haven't used it yet as summer is coming up , but it appears well made and should last a lifetime .
unlike some other leveling blocks , these seem to last and don't break up or crack . ( at least in the first year of use )
i needed something to stop my trailer when hauling my almost 5000 pound jeep . this seems to work very well .
these seem to fit the bill for what i was looking for . have used a few and they seem to hold without a problem
these are nice and bright , and take only about 5 minutes to install . perfect fit for my 2004 toyota solara .
it's basically a mini extension cord for sae connectors . does the job and inexpensive to boot . very happy with this purchase .
light-weight . easy to use and to store . rigged up in seconds . won't damage the tires . far superior to the tire chocks i was using .
i like this quick releas as it maked utting on and taking off my helmet easier and faster and provides a secire lock for the strap as well .
i just installed it today and fits perfectly for my honda accord 2007 se.it ' s cheaper on amazon than in a store for the same brand .
much brighter than standard bulbs and the philips crystal vision , which is more white than anything else . i really like the tribeam effect too .
it was quick getting here , but i already painted the item and have not used it to see if it works well .
this polish , paired with the number 26 wax gives an incredible result . highly recommended for a phenomenally deep shine . serious depth
i use this in between washes.it is easy to apply and leaves a great shine and it is a great product
it fucntions ok for being all plastic . and for the price , i wont complain .
really works well . our jaguar has really detailed wheels which look great but are really hard to clean , this stuff makes it leaps and bounds easier .
product came well packaged , and the instructions were easy to follow.installation only took a few minutes with the easy instructions.strongly recommended .
i never noticed the 50/50 on the jug so now i have to go get more locally , other wise its good
overall : highly recommended . first use was enough for me . hopefully this product will withstand weekly washings . will keep you updated if it doesn't .
this was the final product that was recommended that i put on my clear coated wheels . it keeps the shine .
gotta have for the wife coming into the garage . sure has saved the walls , and i have become dependent on it also . works really great .
well built , and with the leverage you get it turns lugs like butter . i have several of these in my vehicles .
this what you should do instead buying new filters . the cleaning steps are very easy and also when applying the oil on the filter
i was pleasantly surprised to find a nice solid metal piece that will last a long time . i expected plastic that wouldn't make it one riding season .
as soon as i plugged it in i heard a " pop " . no output . i guess try another inverter and probably another cobra .
i don't have a major problem with this wax but i don't love it . i can see the lifespan of the wax coating being short .
not a lot more to say about these . the instructions are even clear and it comes with all the little adapters you might need
bought this to put on my batter for trickle charging . it was not made for my charger , but fit perfectly .
i have a few different ones and this one has become my main one to use . fits in hand really well and between the spokes better too .
i can not say enough about this stuff . it is the very best cleaner i have ever used it just knocked my socks off .
i do recommend , they produce a nice shiny finish , and the price is good , and they have the right size .
perfect fit and function on a 2003 bmw 325i ... cheaper than the dealership . only had them installed 6 months , but so far , no wear
easy application , easy buff , doesnt dry too fast like some others ive used and i have had the privilege of using this wax for over 10 years .
i was really hoping that this would smell like a new car smell , but it smells more like leather dash cleaner .
i use this in my 2006 volkswagen jetta tdi . it works well , and i would recommend mann filters for both oil and fuel filters .
our black and decker one did not last a year . boo-hiss ! this one is much more compact and it works great .
i use them in my european camper so i can make the battery last longer when not plugged in to regular electricity . it works for me .
this stuff work very well for what it is suppose to do . and just a little bit will go a long way
i like the look of it but it fits loose and i had to use zip ties so it wouldn't flap around when im riding .
any tech should have one of this when recommending replacement of a customers tire . some states require you have this for state inspection .
i like the item , it is as pictured and described.looks durable . will update after i have a chance to use it .
very convenient , makes working on a car easier when it comes to filling differentials etc .
these were a perfect fit for my new wheels . these are smaller diameter than the originals and fit perfectly on my 05 tacomas new rims
it helps you address wiring issues as soon as yopu pl ; ug in without running around the trailer for a light check .
excellent deal . these pack will last you literally forever . they are so durable even washing with the hottest water and with the most aggressive soaps .
if you have never used a clay bar to remove contaminents , this is the one to try . it works exactly as advertised .
purchased these before we actually owned the 2014 jeep unlimited sahara . simple install . does what it is suppose to do .
almost a perfect match to the factor interier . also came with 4 rocker switches . did know it came with them so it was better than expected .
but they are both very good , nice clean scents that last for weeks . a nice final touch for interior detailing .
great cleaner but only lasted for 8 wheels . this is pricey for only getting two car washes from this product .
made well ! has a centering hole , for fast changing . read my reviews for the best disk to use with it . sw
good strap that has worked well . i've used it once and it did very well . nicely constructed and build to last .
i really like this thing . it makes it so much easier to use the portable 12v tire inflator to add air to my tires .
the 6 in bonnet fits great on my turtle waxer . make shining my cadillac a breeze . always nice to have a clean caddie .
turns that 10 year old grey black like they say but ul need to do it twice to work good .
these are well build and durable . although i cut the alligator clips off the product works great and will last .
it works . that's all you can ask . we no longer run into the junk that we have in the front of the garage
this stuff dries way too fast ... stay away unless you have a buffer machine - unimpressed ! get mcguiars its soo much better .
very secure and comfortable , you need this in your wrangler , will give other riders confidence , took me about 10 minutes to installgreat price too .
but if you have off road or aggressive tread tires on a truck or jeep they disintegrate during first use .
cleaning the sludge out of the hot water tank at the end of the season is easy with this tool , plus it doubles as a super-soaker !
easy installation . put them on the rear sides.good construction.grip feels a little on the small side.good enough for what it is .
i use this to clean of the inside of the windshield of my a class rv . makes it easy to reach all the glass without stretching .
thing works great and is very easy to install . all rv's should have this on the black & grey tanks .
almost like using a leather belt on your knife blades , very handy to have around
makes my relay install a heck of a lot cleaner & professional looking , get some shrink wrap to seal up all the wires !
headline says it all . i use it to pump up a water well pressure tank from a 12 v battery using a small portable air compressor .
this works exactly as specified . follow the directions and your headlights will be clear and bright again . very happy and would recommend to anyone including friends .
i really like this hitch pin . super easy to use , machined well , lock works well , good keys , much prefer it to the masterlock equivalent .
serves its purpose to protect the front and rear seats . much better than anything i could find at any store . fits perfectly and does its job .
you can't have a better tool in your garage if you own several vehicles , so stop looking and make the best purchase ever !
this stuff really work i was surprised that it did but don't use to much because it flakes . it last a long time to
replaced acura wipers with these . much better . this is the second set of these i have purchased . first set lasted 4 years .
they were easy to install and improve the look of the plain lights . they appear well-constructed and should last a while .
not a bad mirror it's just a little on the large size for my side view mirror , but i'm getting used to it .
i have put 2 of these filters in my 2005 4runner over the past few years . i like the price , quality and good instructions that are included .
fit perfect on our jeep wrangler 2010 . extremely easy to install.great replacement to original . nice black finish not too shinny .
this wiper did not fit a 2006 cadillac sts even thought it says it does . the adapter did not work !
it looks great after painting my motorcycle exhausts . i like the silicon finish . it looks great and it last long
it does work as advertised . just a little bit in a tank of washer fluid and it does smooth out the blades , and less grime .
my 10 year old cars would not pass the ridgid polution tests in my state but the prescribed usage of catcleal causes a positive result .
looks great , and adds an extra handle for the rear passengers to hold onto when off road . definitely worth the money .
love these towels . they grip really well and don't stain easily . the nap is strong and doesn't tear when scrubbing hard .
bought for all the traveling we do its durable doesn't leak easily and is accurate . conveniently shaped to get into the valve stems
this scanner works just like they say you have everything you need to scan your auto . worth every penny ! !
they do work . exactly as advertised . hane no fear on buying these . fit the 2006 chevy silverado wt tailgate rods .
i love that this sewer hose support is nice and compact . it is really easy to carry this around and stores easily in my trailer !
puts my mind at ease when away from my bike . now they can't just push it away . very well made .
bought this stove top and my wife loves it . it gives additional counter space when the stove is not in use . it looks great and works great .
great price and better than most others i looked at . rated at 6000 more than i need yet better to be safe than sorry .
fits like a glove and looks awesome . more candy for the jeep ! easy to install and the little bit of hardware was all there .
havent used them yet but they seem of very high quality and very sturdy . these are great for someone that wants to do regular car maintenance in their garage
not bad but the bar seemed a little long to me . i kind of like the master lock version better .
fair price and does what it's supposed to do . it's handy for when you don't want to work directly at the car .
car was on stands for months , these kept it from rolling even an inch . they are plastic and thin , but they definitely do the job .
i use this in a sprayer with a bit of water for dilution . it smells nice , like bubble gum . :-)
it adjusts to multiple sized filters which is good for me as i have 4 vehicles that i change oil on , saves multiple prchases
a very nice towel , i dried my prius and i didn't need to ring it at all ... these towels work great and highly recommended
leather tear and stitches coming out on both gloves in the inner-finger areas.sending them back for refund . would not recommend you purchasing them .
i haven't used it yet but it appears very solid and should be very adequate for any kind of use .
perfect fit & quality ... just the right length without being to long or to short ... has clips that match the frame holes ... giddy-up .
pretty good applicator . quality is pretty good , does not leave any fabric residue . i highly recommend this product for the car enthusiasts .
product works as claimed . it does a great job of removing the major part of water after washing cars . very soft and unlikely to scratch paint .
these work but they are now the great quality , but good for the price pay . i would spend a little more and get better quality .
i purchased these to increase my light output on my motorcycle . it is an improvement over the standard 55w low beam that was in there .
used it to bling up a chrome palm tree license plate frame . went from boring to wow ! i even get asked where i got the frame .
older airstream trailer , this keeps the battery topped off just fine . trailer jack , lights , radio and panel all have full power .
snap to install and seem sturdy as well . well worth the cost and in-expensive to boot ! fit well and would highly recommend .
perfect fit and replacement for my lancer's dirty filter . just wish it were a tad bit cheaper , but happy nonetheless .
i have all black components on my orange crush jk . the black " jeep " on the grill was the finishing touch i was looking for .
clips are pretty good , the short protection fuse is a nice touch . the end cap is odd for a removable clip all and all pretty good .
give this as a christmas gift . works well and powerful blast of air to reach the hard to get places . and made in the usa
nice cover to protect your hitch from the elements . i think curt should include one with every hitch purchase so that you don't have to order it separately .
this filter came complete with accurate installation instructions . it fit perfectly and is doing a splendid job of cleaning the air in our automobile .
easy to assemble and can be stacked up like legos . seem to support the trailer weight well . easy to pull onto with out slipping .
worked just as was described . great product that applied pressure evenly.easy to change the pads back and forth.great price for this product .
well made helmet at a great price . i just use with a scooter , so it is comfortable for just very simple trips .  .
i was always the last to get my tires aired down . now i'm fast as my friends who already have these deflators . easy to use and rugged .
it is bright and it is small to fit many different light holders . i like it a lot . it lasted for 3 months so far
i had used other electrical circuit testers ; however , this power probe iii is really an ultimate tester . i would recommend this to my friends .
the adhesion is good and the thermo tape does its job . it's good for protecting wires in your engine compartment or other high temperature places .
i tried it out today on my way to the campground today . it worked just like i had expected it too . well pleased with it so far !
works great but like a previous post said it does leave little read waxy fibers on your vehicle . makes quick work for a dust job on my truck
you either want to carry something on your key chain that will save your life , or you don't . pretty much common sense purchase . it works .
nice heavy duty rubber plug for the end on my 2 " receiver . the fit is snug and will not fall out with normal driving .
got this oil to do an oil change on a rebel 250 and has worked great so far . first time using this brand and so far no complaints
oh ya this is a nice one , it looks great on my gun . i highly recommend this seperator to anyone ,
bought this for my rv and it blows out the water in my system . making it easier then using all that anti freeze .
boat should have come wit this ! it's so easy to just park and plug now . excellent quality .
awsome gadget to speed the set up of your camper . lazy mans dream . if i could only get the wife to use the drill !
works great . tight fit . i have to hit it with my fist a couple of times and it is good . great product for the price .
it is easy to apply . it makes my car look really nice and fun . i love it and recommend it
one of the best oils i have ever used ! have put it in all of my vehicles and they have ran great for years .
you have wait till its dark to know if these are on or not , cant see them at all in the daytime .
these brackets are a fun and functional modd for your wrangler . it's easy to install and looks very nice . heavy duty and sturdy , very pleasant install .
surprised it was chinese . hoped it would be made in the u . s . looks like it will work out fine otherwise .
love it . great product . it was able to cut through years of grime and brought my plastic interior back to showroom quality .
it performs very nicely , and can beat more expensive ones . i recommend it to all automobile enthusiasts who needs to test their batteries and circuit boards .
needs driver and software help will not install auto install disc wont do nothing but tell you what it wont do .
these are simply a plastic bag with fingers . they are worth maybe $ 1.00 / pkg . if you are careful they work great .
kind of sort of works , but not so much at least not without a buffer , which i haven't tried it with yet .
these work great for quick leveling of camper and are easy to install . need these for any camper when setting up at campground .
i bought this one which cost a bit more but i am sick of all the plastic junk and this one appears it will last forever .
i like this wash shampoo as it does a great job cleaning my car plus leaves a very good shine on it after it dries .
came with the ends i required - i could not find these anywhere in australia . well packaged and arrived on time .
very nice item , allows me to reach areas i couldn't prior without a step ladder.keep it right in the truck , assembles easiliy and takes very little space .
what a ripoff , you can buy this at a parts store for $ 5 . with advance auto coupon code for 3 " % off it's $ 4
i've bought this one but never used it so far . pros is that it looks professional . cons is that i did not use it .
i love k & n filters and have trusted many expensive and some highly modified cars to them . these work great on my slightly modified 02 camaro .
these are large enough for all tires and stay put until you yank them out . they will do the job .
the thing does not curve . the cable is straight but seems well made and perfect size , love the handle , easy and safe .
very simple , cheap cool way to improve your jk over the chrome logo especially if you have all black accessories on your rig .
this is one amazing dashgrip . holds my phone in place without it falling off or moving a inch , even during sharp turns.highly recommended .
the tailgate cover fit well and looks really nice . i am very happy with the finished product . would definitely reccomend .
these cloths are perfect for my detailing touch am very pleased with them , i have used other brands before and recommend these .
these are convenient light weight and makes leveling the travel trailer easier by driving up on to them when needed . pleased with the purchase so far .
worked well for adjusting valves on my honda accord . price was right and they had all the standard sizes which are close enough to the metric
i'm not sure how well the desulfating feature works , but this charger / maintainer keeps my battery charged . that's all i need it to do .
using these for my vehicle's back seat lights . very bright and gives it a nicer look than the stock bulbs . cheap and effective , i recommend these .
easy to put on , doesn't work any better than the $ 4 wiper blades . i don't see any difference .
works quite well . makes waxing and polishing my vehicle a rewarding task , this item is exactly what was needed to get the job done
i didn't notice any improvement in acceleration on this one for my crown vic . no increase in mpg either . at all
tough , reliable , simple . not much else to say . just have to keep an eye on it , because it keeps walking off ...
these fit nicely against the tires and do a nice job of holding the car . they stack for easy storage .
it appears to be well made . i needed it to secure a band on cvc boot  works great . the tool for the job ! !
easy to use , easy to read . i keep it in my boot all the time . a useful tool for all drivers .
this car shampoo smells good . the car surface feels slick after washing and will not stripe the existing wax . highly recommended
this is such an easy way to check the wiring . i used to use a voltmeter and this is so much simpler . highly recommended .
all in one and appears well made and suits our purpose.bought product all from one supplier so all things fit easily .
i got 5 of these , they are absolutely the best , no more boards , no more snapping cumbersome orange squares.go for it , the best.mo
if you are changing your water pump then this is a must . no bending required but make sure you have the right tools for the job .
a very simple wild mouth jug.sturdy plastic construction , reasonably priced and works just fine.nothing fancy about it , very basic tool .
well made , high quality product . cheap price with free shipping made this almost giveaway . getting some puzzled looks , and chuckles with it on my truck .
does the job when i need them to . i use different brands of tire dressings and these work with them all . will buy again !
these work well . had to drill more holes because they are not a direct fit for the originals . they look good .
this has saved my arm and shoulders when cranking my front jack and stabilizers . i'm glad a bought second one as a spare . highly recommended .
nothing special here . just a firm pad wrapped in cotton to apply cleaner / conditioner . it washes easily and applies well .
the small end works great through thick ice and the bigger ( wider ) end is nice for clearing frost and remaining ice chunks .
hook this guy right up to your drill and just in a snap up and down go the jacks . most definetly would buy this again .
perfect size for our rv sink and very well made and convenient . it fits perfectly and couldn't be better . highly recommend .
my customers have been raving about the way their vehicles look since purchasing this stuff . thanks chemical guys ! well worth it get a gallon .
this is a good one clean and protect and also smell good . you will not get the wet look if that is what you are looking for .
use this on a 1992 camry 2.2 . used these in place of a plastic washer . works great and will be buying more in the future .
i sprayed this on a car part , without doing any prior cleaning with a disk pad , i haven't noticed anything changed .
picked these up for the solar panels i installed in my trailer and truck . they are nice quality and will work just fine .
this is a very nice kit , but unfortunately i bought the wrong one . looking forward to doing a full swap
this is a fantastic cover for those truck seats . durable , and functionally attractive , this seat cover will protect and stand up against the working person challenges .
a fast and easy way to repair those small rips or tears that appear in your awning . i keep a round a roll for on the road .
i like to detail my own vehicle and soft poslishing cloths are a must to have to get the wax off . these good so far .
excellent product although contortionist skills are required for replacing this part . after 70k miles , the old filters were completely covered in filth and bugs .
good strong ball . used it to pull my travel trailer . make sure you know the weights and limits of your equipment .
just wipe down and stick down . these took all of 2 minutes to install and the look and feel great and very secure .
cover fits my daytona 650 sports bike just right with a little extra room . perfect for keeping the dest away while stored in the garage .
very basic unit that works perfectly . one thing to note , it attached to a standard size oil bottle and pumps fluid out of the bottle .
a nice thick coating protects the end of the pin and clip . other than that , they are just what you would expect .
this is a game changer when it comes to changing oil . worked flawlessly after only 30 pumps , amazing time saver .
the switch is very nicely constructed and the light inside the switch is very bright.although it is more green than blue so buyer beware .
works great . i had to replace the melted end off my heavy duty extension cord for my camper . this installs easy and is holding up just fine .
the package arrive in fine shape and the product was well protected.the glaze shies very well , although it seems to dry very quickly to a hardfilm .
all bass , no aluminum or iron to contaminate the drinking water and the right angle takes the pressure of the hose when refilling our fresh water tank
good to have for any fluid changes on my jeep or wifes car . can put practically anything in it . i like it alot
i use this dielectric grease on all the connection on my boat after cleaning up the corrosion to keep the moister out and the connection at 100 % .
reconditioned a battery very well . battery started at 80 % then after this device finished was at 99 % and held charge . smart chargers are nice .
very easy on and off with an excellent shine when done . so far has lasted and makes cleaning the car easy .
these are soft , thick enough without being too big to fit in tight areas . they show no signs of wear , and clean up easily .
it works as described . hooked it to my dewalt and away she went . set your torque on your drill if you have it .
the directions are poorly written ... the process did not work for me . i was very disappointed after reading so many positive reviews .
used this to pump out power steering fluid . nice job pumping and will probably use it for other fluids . i am batman .
works very well , comes with the sills for the front and back doors of my jk . haven't budged since i put them on .
nice lock . fit perfectly on my 2013 f150 . should keep the thieves away from my ball or cover . easy to use .
this stuff works . i tried a dozen other wheel cleaners and nothing even comes close.this is the best and you don't need to use much of it .
the inlet on my travel trailer doesn't rotate , so this elbow doesn't end up pointing straight down . other than that , it's simple and water tight .
oe for bmw fog lamps . no complaints . inexpensive , name brand quality , easy to replace , bright , not much else to say
i bought these for use in my rv as replacement for my interior ceiling pancake light fixtures . they work fantastically and are appropriately bright .
a must have for every motorcyle rider ! i have one for all 4 of my motorcycles as well as got them for my dad and uncles harley's .
this is the best hitch lock i have ever used and i have had a bunch of them.heavy , well finished and secure .
the stuff works . be careful.it takes some patience when applying and more patience to removeeven using the microfiber cloth .
appears what we need and excellent product.brought all same name brand so all products fit and interchange properly.thank you very much .
does the job with charging , fan makes some noise but i roll in a jeep so noise isn't really a problem for me . 8)
used in conjunction with my pioneer unit . maintained controls from my 2012 honda accord and worked well for when i needed it .
this product is a good value , and is a good tire shine product . no wiping needed . the price is reasonable , and it arrived well packaged .
this only lasted a few weeks before it messed up from leaves getting lodged in between the glass leaving streaks .
these ties work great easy to use and holds well . no issues with them at all . will buy again on my next project .
this is a must for anyone who has a k & n filter . use cleaner to clean out filter , dry and then oil and ready to go .
this finishing pad was easy to put on the polisher and did a good job in applying the wax to the the boat . performed as expected .
this is an excellent product that leaves the leather clean and ready to be conditioned . easy to apply and remove . i was very satisfied with the results .
good way to cover those vulnerable connectors for my trailer . works perfectly for the 4 - pole connector and should keep problems away .
nice low profile , does contour well to the windshield . the next step up from this is almost double the cost .
i put these on all my snowmobiles and motercycles to keep the tender on them in off season . it works flawlessly .
its ok there is better glass cleaner out there i bought it cause you can use it on tints cause theres no ammonia i wont get again
well-machined and just what i wanted . description matched item perfectly - couldn't go wrong with it . well packaged and timely arrival .
great to help level 40 ft motor home without leaving the captains seat.they are about 98 % accurate close enough for me .
nice and bright like a high beam should be . i'm glad i found a pack of one because i broke one when taking apart light assembly
cheap plastic that cracks easily and a waste of time.get something that costs more and made better.the end
i purchased a set for my car and they're exactly the same as the oem units at half the price !
works to help hold 16 ' awning so cover is easy to put on over awn , quick fix for me today , tomorrow and next month .
because , i have not used these yet . i know they will be quite wonderful when i do need to use them
material is pretty light weight . we will have to see how it holds up to the sun and weather . fit was snug
first time trailer owner and was given great advice . the difference is amazing . i would not tow without this set !
old one was weathered and nasty looking . this one took it's place and looks great . it was about six inches longer then the old one .
the fram filter has less pleats versus the original honda filter but the price is better . the activated charcoal does seem to help eliminate odors .
works great . even used it on a very old pair of leather shoes i had given up on . did a great job of cleaning them .
gets the job done . needed to tow a car transporter in a pinch and this little jobbie did the trick .
fits well into the 7 pin socket and holds the 4 pin socket securely . works just like it's supposed to . nice adapter
it's an exact fit in the 2012 avalon . nice scent with the added baking soda . the rebate promotion was an added bonus .
make sure not to buy the d ring as i did the receiver come with the d ring so now i have two d ring
this vent fit perfect in replacing the old one and was such a breeze i just ordered another vent to replace another one that just looks brittle
i have used this products for years for quick touch ups in between washes . it is great for removing bird droppings or other unfortunate spots between washes .
these are nice bright / white headlight bulbs and i would get them again but i switched to hid's which are way brighter and whiter .
these are great replacements to the stock chevy truck units that both slowly failed on me . worked great for my need .
i bought this as an aux power outlet to power my cellphone while i made a cross country trip on my motorcycle . worked like a charm .
simple , quick review.real , thick , stiff leather.heat it up some to make install easier.good color ! feels great , works well !
i wanted a maintainer for my motorcycle and this has worked out perfectly . it does everything i need and for $ 20 shipped , can't beat it .
helps people get in and out of jeep . the price is also pretty good for this product . i would recommend .
i thought i would winterize my camper instead of paying someone big bucks . simple to install and even easier to winterize .
feels a bit cheap , but it works . don't know how long it'd last but it seems to do it's job for now
so i'm giving this 5 stars because it does what it does , and is decently priced . it's supposed to be a wax and wash in one .
really great stuff , it can pick up dirt and easily be cleaned in the bucket , really great if you are using a two bucket wash .
good strong spreader , gets really small to fit between pads . perfect for when you are just refinishing rotors and leaving pads in place .
its a old style tire gauge it works good and its what you need to check your tires easy ti use
i bought two bottles because i was a little skeptical that one little bottle would work . i wasted my money because one bottle did the trick !
i used on rear brake shoe replacement . it goes on easily without fuss or mess . hopefully it performs as expected .
works great and cost less here than at the auto store , this is a very good bearing grease for any high temp / pressure appliation
nicely done gaskets often found to be one of the most elements neglected in an oil change which provide extra security in sealing the drain plug .
pumped this stuff into the rear differential of my ford f150 when i serviced it . so far so good , also added the friction modifier .
this made retracing the brake piston a breeze . made changing my brakes much easier . i highly recommend this product for brake jobs .
works as designed . easy to install . adhesive seems to be holding , but i've only had it installed for about a month .
i picked up this extension " just in case " i needed it and the very next rv park i stopped at i needed it . great value and quality
i use these retainers to replace the older ones on my honda , had no problems insert / putting them in on the vehicle .
my hi-lift with the cast base ( v . the stamped ) doesn't fit very well in this . not sure if i will end up using it .
use them to raise my m3 so i can put a jack underneath ! very strong , would recommend , i also saw these at autozone
use on normal car tires only . any off road or truck tire will chew these up . applies evenly and just rinsed out with water afterward .
after spaying to the rubber seal 2 times it still stick to my rv after open and close . i was hoping it works a bit better than that .
bought this to take the o2 sensor off my 2004 honda crv . worked great . long enough and fit like a glove .
purchase to use with a battery tender . needed extra to reach boat battery and keep the charger out of the boat . no issues .
needed some to replace the bulbs that went out on my car . they fit and work fine . just like stock .
i ordered based on product name , not size . next time i'll order by size . well made , but the connection is a littke weird .
will it work ? yesmaybe a squeeze bottle would be better as bottle is not always being stored upright.area needs to be free of grease .
don't buy this rear wiper for a 1st generation xb , it will not fit ! get oem or a wiper from elsewhere !
easy to adjust and manuever . i bought these for my antique travel camper and they work perfectly . they store easily and work efficiently .
remember , in order to attach these things , the rv or trailer must be perfectly level to begin with . hopefully you still have your old ones on !
this towel works very well and it's just the right size . holds lots of water and easy to wring out
sure beats the price of a similar quality air filter from the auto parts store . well manufactured and a good quality product .
i purchased this fluid to use in a gm manual gearbox . overall al i would say i am pretty happy with it .
this is well made with great capacity . far better than the units you will find at walmart or your local autozone .
better than wood blocks . lighter , stackable , and comes in handy carrying case . easy to stack to get the right height needed for leveling .
shipped fast and fits like a glove . looks good and protects the spare tire from the sun . i will buy another for my camper .
they are ok for the price but when ridding in 105 degree weather they quickly grow in one size , but for the money will work for now .
this product is advertised as chrome and is plastic , and not worth the time or the money . they are cheap and do not stay together !
paint was thick and didnt spray on very even at all . was trying to tint fog lights and just didnt work .
i like this extension cable very much . pleasant surprise , one end came with dirt cover . it is essential if you use it outdoor like mine .
needed these for my 2006 nissan armada . my box came with 10 , 1 was under the cardboard flap of the bottom . great deal !
these horns work well install is easy . you will be happy you got them . the price is right .
kind of slow getting here but product was as described . works great to protect the chrome and paint . i would recommend these to others .
this is amazing stuff . this is great stuff . pull the filter out of my 2013 jeep and within min it was clean . love it .
this product is well made and it keeps the water supply hose running straight and prevents it from restricting water flow at the connection point
replaced broken cap on my 96 k2500 suburban . perfect fit ! no leaks and no fault codes . i would buy this again .
great step rug . it looks well made and sturdy plus made in usa . so far it hasn't fallen apart but the real test will be this summer
just a good all around blade and works really well under all conditions and weather ! easy application also for quick install !
use them to replace the burned out lights in car . they are bright and do the job . must say i would recommend them
a vom is a vom , but his is a nice compact meter for all around use . can't beat the price .
ii have had these on my 2003 tahoe for over 1yr & they work great.will put them on my 1986 cutlass when they need to be changed .
i use it place my ez pass in rental cars . it fits and hasn't fallen off yet . the transponder still works while in the device .
works with the heartland 2013 cyclone . keeping out the bugs and mice . easy to install and came in unopened new condition .
i use this polish after using m105 on the car . this product does a great job of finishing up the looks and making the car shine even more .
got this to keep my truck battery topped off when at the airport . works with even clouds or a dreary day .
worked great with the 508 , cuts fast had has a great shine . easy to clean and i love the velcro.so easy to swap pads . great stuff
got for use in my camaro for the dirty stained carpets and seats . a must have for anyone who likes keeping everything in their car clean !
this plug is a must if you winterized your own trailer to blow the water from the lines so they don't freeze .
my go to lightweight all purpose oil . works better than wd and has reasonable penetrating capabilities . not bad on the bike chains .
uglier than sin , but it works well . like the easy installation and access . doesn't take up much space and is very practical .
wanted covers for the trailer tires to extend their life due to sun damage . these were inexpensive but they fit fine and the adjustable straps hold them securely .
it is what it says it is , microfiber applicator . works great for waxing and detailing the car . i would recommend .
first my 2008 bmw 328i coupe . way cheaper than stealership ( dealership ) . comes with everything you see in the picture ( rubber gasket , washers ) .
perfect fit . easy to put in and easy to take out . removable cover and can be machine washed . would recommend for any rv / travel trailer .
seems to work ok with the paint cleaning clay . will see how the indurance pans out in a few weeks .
use this on a moderate grade when i had to jack the car up , worked well and kept the vehicle secure while i did a little work .
the best manual transmission shifter so far that i have use to change out my bmw fluid . this is a must have for your transmission need .
it works as claimed . another quality product from a well known brandof car cleaning and protecting products . easy on and easy off .
camco 39812 rhinoflex rv wyeneeded this item to hook both grey and black tanks together on our new camper , and wanted to stay with the rhino products
they came as advertised but were not as bright as i expected they were good quality but not what i expected
must have for any car wash enthusiast . works as described , product seems very sturdy . expect to have many years of use .
keeps our rv hot water heater tank in top condition ... i change it out every 4 months as it is about gone by then
stops noisy d-rings ! works just as described to stop rattling and banging from your d-rings . works great along with the d-ring washer set also .
very strong battery tender for the price ... has a powerful charge for my battery in a 2.9 l ford high compression motor.excellent all the way around .
love this product , it was amazing how much heat it reduced in our rv . great , well made product ... happy to recommend !
no issues , just as described . used to plug phone charger on motorcycle . plugs into battery charger connection for battery tender .
haven't gotten to use them yet as replacements . recently bought the trailer with one missing . seems like these will do the job fine .
beats holding the hose and it as a shut off . a must for those who use the fresh water tank .
used it to dry a machine washed car . soaked up water easily and quickly . soft and easy to grab while using .
this will come in handy when i start switching from charging motorcycle batteries in and out of the 3 motorcycles i own
this little converter is a good deal for the price and will pull the current rating listed on it ! so that's why i rated it a 5 star .
this product stretch's and stretch's and holds its shape after many uses in both hot and cold weather . i highly recommend this product .
bought this for my elderly mom who still drives and lives in northern wisconsin . she is absolutely in love with it . i am by far her best kid
holds my lincoln grease gun perfect and out of the way.very sturdy , and solidly built . not sure if would work with other guns .
arrived quickly and is exactly what i expected . this will protect the tanks on my camper from the elements and has easy access to the valves .
lights work but not as bright as i would liked them to be . nice for an area where you only need a little bit of light
this socket works and makes for easy raising and lowering my stabilizers for the rv trailer . i would recommend and buy it again .
not the easiest of easy to put on , but most tire chains take a little work anyway . need to use the little rubber band for tension
if your camper has 3/4 " bolt size heads on the stabilizer , use this with a battery drill to speed up the job . it works !
this oil works great . feels a little better then stock trans oil . less expensive then factory oil for me . thanks
if you need a hardwired sae connector to your battery terminal , this is one of your better choices . it's proven reliable and well made in all weather .
this is a good little starter kit for the glove box or something similar . has a good amount to take care of little cuts and scrapes .
probably a good filter but didn't fit the application . amazon made it right , but be sure this fits your car before buying .
this refrigerator bar works great ! i like it because it's adjustable and keeps items from moving around as i travel .
these guys go right to the point . they are strong for their job , they are reliable , and they handle sparkplugs delicately . enough said
fits perfect - works well for blocking the heat . could not find it cheaper anywhere around town . rolls up very small when not in use
mr . pink provides good suds for your car wash . works great with either a foam lance or foam gun . great product and smells good .
like everyone recommands it , honda stuffs are the way to goused on my 92 eg civic sedan that kinda leaks fluids .
bestop has always been good quality merchandise.this product is no exception.very good quality fit and well constructed.make sure you know your tire size so you get the right fitment .
feels solid and looks like it will last a long long time . fits a little loose but not bad . really happy with the purchase .
it keeps the dust and smoke out for $ 15 . it replaced my oem filter that had a nice carpet of dust on it from the previous owner .
i was suprised how well and how easy they worked even on an extended van . it saves wear and tear on the shoulders .
i love this design , not too big , and fitted on to my passenger front side window just perfectly . sure to get many laughs
these installed very easily and they look great if your looking for a quick way to add something to your jeep these are great
this net is very good for your rear rack . six hooks and good size provide secure tie downs . ( 0 ( )
gives you that extra 5 feet you need great ... can set my laptop on my bench insted of bending over in car with a bad back .
some light replacement . way brighter and much cooler white light . easy to put in . just slide in and aim . you won't be sorry
this product works well , not sure yet of the lasting affect .. time will tell ... good purchase
item worked as described . bought 3 to charge 4 wheelers and riding lawnmower .. did a great job and the connection was easy .
it has a long and unbroken record of highest quality results in use , and in my own experience . will not try another brand unless forced to .
this thing really cleans what you do not expect do get cleaned and even with ease . try it and you'll know what i'm talking about .
the fit was perfect . a few extra zip ties would be nice , since i have hundreds of them in the garage it was no problem .
i know some people have trouble with the cheap ones . i put this on and my android phone connected to it using the torque application with no problems .
it is just a cover and would be great except it is to tight to get onto a 2 inch ball
not much to add here ; clean and solid ; nut stays tight . cheaper than brick and mortar stores ; made in the us .
great solution . even smells good . when i was done with the outside . i freshened up the old benz with chemical guys leather conditioner .
as described . really works so far . i've used it as a regular stabilizer and it works great . very sturdy and well made
i liked the towel . it worked just as the advertisement stated that it would . it dried up the water and left no spots on the vehicle .
works great on my brz fitment is perfect and it looks good in my engine bay when i pop the hood
this helped to keep the jeeps hood from flopping up and down while driving down the highway . i sold the jeep because they are crap .
even though this product states that it can be applied using your hand i would not recommend that method due to the varied results .
this is a must for use with dei header wrap . this stuff will make the wrap last longer and look better for longer .
this is a quality blade . it is quiet and does not leave streaks like my old ones ! first for 2001 honda civic lx driver's side .
this paste wax is a great wax when added with a long lasting cleaning wax to have the perfect shine and protection of your cars paint .
not really impressed might be my application but it did not cover as well as i would have liked . again it may be my application though .
awesome flashing led and it is very bright , i love it ! ! works as described ! going to purchase another one for added safety !
work great in rv fridge ! plenty of light , with low power consumption and zero heat . it fit the space perfectly .
these clips worked great . i removed the old door catches and replaced with these ones and they look and work just like factory clips .
meguiar's wax is great . i use all their products . and no complaints .
i'm very happy with this product it works great with a meguiars wax of your choice ( preferably ultimate wax due to its forgiveness )
the dealer was going to charge me almost $ 80.00 because of the labor charge do it yourself it easy
awesome and very bright . i really like them and would suggest these to my friends . definitely , buy these again for my cars .
easy to install . they have been perfect so far . i can't speak for the length of their lifespan but so far they have been flawless .
these floor liners are very strudy the only problem is that they slide foward they need little catch tabs on the bottom
i had no problems with air leakage when i put this on the tire valve . the numbers are big and bright so they are easy to read .
these are lightweight universal mats--nothing special . i use them on top of the oem mats in my car to protect the oem mats .
i have used permatex black silicone adhesive for many years for various auto and home projects . it also lasts a long time in the tube after opening .
i must to protect your rv fittings from over pressure ... cheap insurance here . just not worth the risk and potential costly repairs .
these are fantastic . good quality chrome , says they will not rust . i was able to order another back up key , but it sure was pricey .
works great for both inflating and deflating . makes it easy to ensure all tires are at the same pressure with out needing additional pressure guage .
very nice hitch pin and i was surprised for the money.it ' s a spare since people have a habit of stealing trailer balls and mounts around here .
i have a 3/4 ton truck and like these snow removers . this one would have gotten 5 stars if the handle was longer
works as described . brake controller doesn't recognize it but the plug brake light will illuminate if you use the manual slide on the brake controller .
installed this this spring on my first outing and i have not been disapointed.read the instructions carefully and installation should be a breeze .
washes the car well , just squirt some shampoo all over it , and you're good to go . easy to wash too
it was fine and did the job . manage to smooth out fine swirls but just be careful not add in new swirls .
easy to install and works great a good product and great price . very simple to use and clean looking like it came from the factory on my truck
when you get it cheaper than wal-mart , everyone wins . it fit my trailer which has a tire gap of almost 6 inches .
i was skeptical at first but , then i used these applicators and they work and stand up to multiple uses ... very nice product .
do not purchase other brand recharger kits . they are inferior oils used with them . this kit is by far better than any other recharger kits out there .
this stuff works . for tuff spots , and faded areas , you can't beat it . easy to use , even in sunlight . can't be without it .
bought this to use with an air compressor . i didn't want to risk shorting out a fuse using the compressor in the cigarette lighter in the car .
these work and look good so far on my tahoe . like other reviews say , had to get different screws than the ones that were on my vehicle .
i put my sports car to bed in the winter , battery would be dead with out this charger . needed an extension to reach the car
this does what it says it does . it is really heavy and is a bit much to lug around , but overall good .
not bad for a buck fifteen and free shipping , buying extras ... cheaply made but should last a couple of years anyway ! i'm happy !
super easy to install . the only tool was a small screwdriver to remove the old one . this one just snaps into place
good value and good product . fits snug in 5 gallon bucket which is what you want . i would recommend this product .
it woked really well when i changed the pads on my bmw . safer than using c-clamps .
great garage product . my greatest consumption of this is with marine shackles . this stuff consistently works as or better than expected and typically lives through several seasons .
i guess you can make it work for you but be gentle with it . the base is not very heavy duty and mine cracked , making it useless .
i have ordered two of these for several projects and they are great ! i would recommend them to anyone who is needing a charger for a battery ...
bought the buffer for christmas ! couldn't wait to use it ! been using meguiar's products for years ! keeps all my cars looking like new !
what can i say its a 3/4 d-ring . seems to be well made . if i need another one i will get more .
should have been standard from the factory . this is a area of wear and these do the job of protection
like the shine so far , will see how long it lasts , one week so far and water is still beading off the car
i have rainx latitude wipers on both my cars and have been very pleased with they're performance . good price and service .
i use it to tight all the suspension system of my jeep wrangler . i'm very satisfied with this impact wrench .
these are great cloths for cleaning my car . remove all dirt and wart spots that remain around . definitely a must buy .
bought a pair for our sienna and they have been excellent so far . clean sweep and no squeaking or chattering yet . good price for a quality blade .
perfect fit and function on a 2003 bmw 325i - good buy , with prime , its easy to plan purchase around oil changes
great item . runs much cooler an less power draw . nice an bright yet it dosent melt the plastick lens cover .
this unit has held up very well for 18 months now . it charges well , is light , and has an informative display .
these installed as advertised . they clean the windshield well . however the rubber seems a little soft and the windshield has cut some small lines in the blade .
it was very easy to wire and the large handle makes it simple to plug and unplug.seems durable enough .
fits my 3/4 d rings and i no longer hear them clanging around when i hit the slightest bumps so works great
absolutely gorgeous ! german products , precisely fits my 2007 bmw 335i sedan . buy with confidence if you have a same car as mine .
just recived these prefect fit would tell any one in of these to buy these you wont besorry you did
some times you need these battery clips instead of the rings . both work equally well and get the job done .
fits on my class iii / iv hitch ! gives the back of the vehicle a nice clean look and should keep the hitch clean and free from debris .
my brother-in-law was at my rv campsite and told me he had put these on to keep out the wasp . i hate wasp so i hope it does .
bought this for my subaru forester , the check said it would fit it didn't , wont waste my time sending back poor purchase
needed more oil for my filter and needed to get to 25 dollars for the free shipping so a win win for me
made of good quality vinyl , the red is sufficiently bright whether in shadow or direct sunlight . seems to affix and hold well . i'd buy again .
good product ... i've used it in the past and find it very satisfactory ... quick and easy approach to cleaning the leather interior of my cars ... thx
these are very flimsy but work , just be very careful how tight you try to make the nut that secures the nozzle to the hood .
this stuff sticks surprisingly well to the underside of my carbon fiber hood . it has been a month of hard weather and it still looks and holds perfectly .
these fuse holders are of very good quality . i buy them a lot . will continue to purchase them . you can't go wrong with this product
have not used it yet but nice to have when needed . thought this would help winterize if no rv antifreeze available .
my hose does not vibrate when in use and i have much better flow to all faucets in the rv .
this saved my yellow headlamps ! really recommended . has been 2 months now and they're still going strong ! ( 2003 ford sport trac )
great clay bar kit that anyone can use , includes two large clay bars , microfiber towel , and clay lube spray .
these motion activated solar powered lights provide adequate lighting for sidewalks , driveways and decks in two directions for as much as 30 feet .
great leveling tool for rv / trailer camper . i like the fact that is plenty to use on the stabilizers . real strong .
fits my ' 08 prius , i leave it on for 15k with a quality synthetic . the bolt on the top makes removal a breeze .
this setup works great and easy to use . you will like the clear view section ; no guessing when draining is complete .
i really like this stuff . it wraps well and looks good once it has been installed . great to insulate anything that gets hot .
these are great . i purchased these with the butter wax , and i love these wax pads . easy to use , and are washable .
it works great for the wheel's surface , but i wish it is accessible to the inner part of the wheels as well .
light weight and efficient . much easier to use than the blocks of wood i have used in the past because i'm cheap .
it just works like the old one used to on my family car , i also bought a few for spares
this has been a great addition to my garage . i use it on everything ... car , motorcycle , bike , balls etc .
if you are a do it yourselfer with auto repairs , this is a good tool to have in your tool box just in case .
if you are a do it your self-er , this product is the way to go . mixes easy and works even better on your windshield .
this is part of the 3 step process . it brings the show room floor shine back to an aging vehicle . you see the difference with each step .
seems like a good product . used to use meguairs extreme tire shine gel and they seems to be the same .
best tire pressure gauge you can get ! ! worth every penny ! it is very precise and hold air pressure very well ! highly recommend this one !
it is used to replace my oem filter but no improvement can be seen both in performance or gas mileage .
washed them first they are very good towels for buffing your car will buy more to dry car off when done washingi highly recommend this product
i use this in my 2005 corolla . it works as good as the oem and way cheaper . you can't get better than that !
this cleans all filth on dirty filters with ease . i need to look for a bigger bottle of this stuff
dropped right in and made a noticeable difference . went from about 17 mpg to about 22 mpg highway . the plus is its also reusable .
great quality and i even got some awesome freebies with it ! months later and it's still bright red and going strong .
no streaks , goes on easy and comes off clean . microfiber towels to wipe off the excess , leaving your car's glass spotless . highly recommended .
slipped on fine and so far has not blown off in the oklahoma wind and driving down the road . served its purpose .
easy to install and provides great brightness . i am very happy with the product . it makes seeing at night much better , easier and safer .
great product , well made , looks great fits right and the descriptins and sizing charts are helpful . ni would buy again
just the exact thing that we needed for our vehicle . great product and great quality item . highly recommend for the windshield of your vehicle .
they look great holding my skull license plate frame . gives the license plate frame a more hardened , chrome look . great product .
very bright and good quality . installation was simple , i've got a 9003 bulb bi xenon kit for 2000 honda crv .
cheap , easy and convenient . keeps the handle securely attached while driving down the road . no more rattle or noise anymore !
this pad spreader worked on my silverado 3500 just as it was suppose to , and never got in a bind on time
this product works great as advertised . be sure to constantly change or use a clean cloth . i would recommend it without a doubt .
i use it to charge my scooter and it works great . very easy to use . i would recommend this product .
the large size makes it very easy to put into position . i use them for a long boat trailer .
the original lasted about a year on my lawn mower . my lawn mower starts up with one pull . i ordered extra .
this will pay for itself in a timely fashion . easy to use . i have not found any issues so far .
i love this jack b / c it does exactly what i need it for . i've had no issues whatsoever . buy with confidence .
the helmet is a large , however , the unit is running small sizes . it sets too high on my head . i could use a extra-large size
they whistle while they work ! but only sometimes ( whistle that is ) . i only use them a couple times a year on an expedition , economical .
what can i say , it's a funnel . does the job as expected . has a nice large fill hole so the liquids go in quickly .
nice soft towels and good size but not impressed with the large border . fold so as not to get the border in the way of paint surface .
i love these things they are a good product . keeps dirt out of the valve stem and they dont break . built well
i have had no problems but have found out quickly that you cannot use your tire covers while using these .
then you need sta-bil . leaving gas sit around in cans or lawn equipment and it starts to break down . sta-bil prevents that from happening .
woked great . what else can i say . used the home on my rv and it worked just fine as expected .
great stuff and really bright , but also the price is so amazing on these . definitely , would buy these again for my cars .
does the job but i'd like it to be a little softer on the brush and of a sturdy construction as it bends very easily .
i had okay results using it . i do wish it had a proper handle to grip on to . i will try a couple other brands
i use it to keep my iphone going on long rides . pandora and gps eat up the battery pretty quick and this adapter keeps it going
if you are going to have oil change at home than you must have this good us made oil filter tool .
this is only fair . the clip mechanism does not hold well to a valve stem and must be frequently readjusted .
these wiper blades are probably fine , but a little confusing and complicated to install . i'm not a real handy guy so i had trouble putting them on .
works great and accurate , the refresh rate isn't bad for the live data feed .
what can i say , they're wheel locks . look good but stick out further than the other four standard chrome lugs .
bought this mirror to make my atv street legal in south dakota . holds solid on and offroad , don't have to make constant adjustments .
this unit has made cleaning and dumping of the holding tanks work almost to perfection . see my comments on the camco 39847 45 degree swivel fitting .
super light . brighter than the original bulbs and whiter . i own 2 chevy astro vans and have changed the dome lights in both .
purchased this comprssor for my grandson , and found it to be a good tool for the homeowner or di it yourselfer .
they say you should change your cabin filter every 15k miles.well when you do change it , buy one of these .
as thought it would be , had before , keeps it together and organized . would reccomend to others for this reason , holds all componets and instructions .
purchased to use with pp301elrv . very well made , good-looking product.one of the best mods i have done to our rv !
for more then slight discoloration this kit works.there is enough product in the kit for two vehicles if youfollow the directions .
installed a kenson hid kit and had just a little bit of a random flicker .. installed these and havent seen it since
it does work alright to begin with . it gets stretched out really easy though and won't draw up tight again .
used on my 2008 bmw e92 328i coupe . its been 2 months and so far no problem .
very difficult to set in the instructions are for a different model have not got them installed yet but i will i have been very busy .
this appeared to be exactly what i was looking for . it works as expected . time will tell about quality .
wife loves it and will be used in the car . i hope it holds up over time . will give further feedback
fit perfect and easy to install . wish there was more protective film between the mount and paint . doesn't work well with stubby solid antenna .
pops out seals easily . long handle to give lots of leverage . lisle tools are good quality mechanics tools that should last .
this little item work like a champ it keep your battery up and never lets it run down.would reccomend it
easy to use . the cd is very helpful . the software downloads just fine on my windows 7 pc . easy to read display
very heavy duty and very well made . easy to install and makes a real big difference towing . also a fantastic price .
instant 12v receptacle , not much more i can say about it . the leads are a little scrawny but comparable to similar products .
adds great protection and cushion and matches the neoprene seat covers.very nice fit and color match at a reasonable price.ok
the pump has worked perfectly to fill a couple of rear differentials . probably be in the garage using it again this weekend .
i ordered this because i like otc tools . i actually haven't used it yet , but the quality is great . the case is also durable .
got these because i lost one and needed to keep the bees out . i purchased a few other thing that will also helpon my rv .
these seem pretty sturdy . they are made out of thick plastic . i used them to lift my 2010 infinit g37x .
i was not completely satisfied with the smell which was the squash freshener and i did not like it and felt that it did not last as long .
comfortable than many other mask . 3m quality that you can trust.its your lung worth the extra few bucks you might saved from some cheap masks ?
great price and superior cleaning and wider cleaning of the window . love it and great quality as i recommend to all
purchased for 2010 challenger . installed by hytech audio in houston , texas . no road noise heard only music . picture perfect sound .
great price and is what i was expecting it to be and do . not sure how long it will last , time will tell .
i bought this snatch block to go along with my atv's recovery gear . it handles the atv's weight with ease .
fits my 2002 silverado perfectly , installed in under 2 minutes . slide the top in first , then push the bottom in until it clicks , that's it !
it is small and convienent and can be placed out of the way to utilize all those small areas in trailer .
have not in stalled this unit yet , but , looks like it will take care of the issue just fine thanks
fram makes great air filters and this was another one that hit the mark . my toyota sienna is happy with this purchase .
this is a item you need when some thing goes wrong and your glad you have it around . this works great for car repairs or around the house .
i bought this for our rv so that the hose can be straight down and not get kinks in it . works great . would recommend to rv owners .
very solid stands . used them to support my living room slide out . should have bought these years ago !
can't say enough about the tried and true products we buy every day like these lamps the fit most of our cars
if you are a car nut ... this is the towel for you ! ! very soft , very absorbent and just the right size /
they clean up the looks of the of worn opening , the are strong , and the made very well , easy to install .
great detailing cloths . very nice and appear to be very substantial . i would recommend these for the car person in your life .
nice cargo bar for the price . easy to use and racheting works good . careful of those fingers as they can get smashed !
i dont have automatic levelors on my motorhome . these placed under the frame steady and keep it level nice and sturdy /
this did not do much for perfomance ... the original plug works much better . i use this plug now as a back up .
left auto windows streaking had to really wipe on it , i was surprised used other products from griot's and they were great ! will not buy again
i used these to rebuild a dolly with bad tires . these work great . i like the price . shipment was fast and reasonable . highly recommended .
purchased this as an oe replacement per the factory manual for a honda powered snow thrower and it works just fine !
i bought steps 1-3 and you cant beat the price . this product is easy to use and it also smells great .
bought this kit to keep my ride shine . the price was great compare to buying them individually . the kit comes with very useful products .
excellent product . so easy to burp the system with no spills.fitment to the car's radiator was perfect , everything fits snug with no leaks .
i have one for my mdx ( 2 " ) and gs350 ( 1.25 " ) and always have used these to keep the installs looking clean .
i have not had to use this yet but it seems well built and would get the job done right
used these in my dome lights in my gmc yukon denali xl . adds nice bright light to the interior . gives the truck an updated look inside .
looks awesome as my drl's for my mk6 ! hopefully they last a little while considering the price but they definitely look good .
i was looking for a simple hitch , and this was a much better price than from my dealership . not too hard to install .
i purchased these cloths because my rags left streaks and lint . i would recommend these to anyone who needs microfiber towels .
they are bright little bulbs , not too much blue tint . perfect for license plate lights .
replace water pump so i decided to replace the belts too ... perfect fit for 5.3 l 2002 escalde ... no squeaking at all in the mornings ...
this is a small funnel , it will work for just abought any task.small and easy to store in a zip lock bag to keep it clean .
works great on my 2012 wrangler sport . heavy duty rubber that fits well in my hitch receiver and looks like it will last awhile .
paid a bit more but i didn't have to run out to get this at a local store . i use it on my rv to lubricate the slides .
cleans and shines very well ... you will need to apply 2nd coat to get even shine .. it well look fantasic when done ...
i just stick these on all 4 sides of our travel trailer and it makes setup / leveling very easy when getting to camp .
this chock is a great design ... light and easy to operate ; no rust or corosion ; easy on the tires too
this product appears to include the cable . it doesn't . it's just the mount which it does okay , but you'll have to buy the cable separately .
i love lynx products , these caps fit properly and do what they are supposed to do . i would buy again .
the micro-polish used with the regular mother's polish really intensifies the shine . plus it does a great job at filling in any larger scratches .
i found this to be great quality and less than the price at the local auto store . i plan to repurchase this item here .
i replaced my disgustingly dirty filter with this nice wix cabin filter.it mounts just like the original on my 06 acura tl.rm
bought these for my 29ft travel trailer . they have held up for 3 yrs of camping so far . would definately recommend .
looks just like the old one so it is not odd . easy install and perfect fit , holds the door just right
works fine . fuse is a 7.5 v if that helps anyone . i have 3 of these and they all work great .
fits perfectly in my 2003 bmw 3 series . has even helped the " crayon " smell german cars of this period tend to get .
don't get ripped off from the stealership , this is a direct fit for a 2005 toyota matrix rear wiper blade .
nice spark plugs for my 99 honda valkyrie . packed nice and arrived fast . checked all the gaps and they were perfect right out of the box .
the universal ' solid hardened steel ' trailer lock helps me feel more secure these days . appears strong and resilient .
these detailing towels are the right choice ! i wanted a very very very plush buffing towel and i was not let down !
i had bought several items of what meguires manufactures , and all of their products perform as advertised . simple to apply and simple to use ...
to costly abd doesn't work any better or easier than a brush anddetergent to clean the tires and rims . would not buy again .
purchased these for my 2005 bmw m3 . no problem , fit in just like oem and cheaper then purchasing from a dealership .
these bulbs are much brighter than the stock ones . you will notice the difference once you put them in . they provide a lot more light .
this great product keeps all of my gas powered vehicles and equipment running great . i absolutely love it ! thank you !
have not needed to actually use it yet , but was mainly to have around when the time would come for it .
i use this item to keep my power wheelchair charged while i am driving . this way i never have to worry about running my battery down
well mad and works as advertised . the rubber in the wire is a nice quality , feels like it will last .
well so far this item is a deceived . it works . i have had no items move around on me much even during pothole moments
this is excellent . has a green light to indicate power . love the caps on the end , to keep out dust . works for me !
these work well and come in very handy to help keep stuff from falling out of the fridge . i would buy again .
works as intended , as you can see i'm not dead and writing this review , thanks rhinogear ^ _ ^
torin t43002a 3 ton double locking jack stands . i know of other individuals that have use these and i decided that i needed them too
only the stand is aluminum . the center shaft , handle , and top are steel . mine started to rust within a week of use .
does exactly what it is supposed to and you can use it without having to run around the vehicle to turn the water on and off .
great heavy duty bag i have in my trunk . so many different spots to put your emergency items . and for the price you wont find anything better .
i use this and a garden hose to send the shower water away from camp , works well when boondocking in the woods for a week .
easy to use and better then the others on the market . keeps all wires neat and look very good . great item
this is probably the best wax i've used . works great on my black truck .
you know the difference when you have this on your car and the rain pours . the water doesn't stick . nice slick surface .
this makes it very easy to find the problem . plus no more holding onto the plug tip to see if you get shocked !
- very high quality and strongmine was a doa ( it had a hole in it and i ended up with oil all over my garage :( )
very sturdy , bright color , well made . this is what you need in a chock although i cannot find a weight rating .
these work perfectly on both ends of the connection for my motorhome and trailer . they protect the contacts very well . i highly recommend them .
this is a great item . works well . indicator lights let you know the status of the battery . very pleased with this battery tender .
i have these types of things from others that are softer and work better . these are a reasonable value for the price .
it fits perfect on my riding mower 18.5 hp b & s engine.phram is a excellent quality replacement oil filter for my mower engine
wanted these to go in my f150 third brake light cargo bulbs . they are brighter than the stock 921s and the color is much more usable .
i returned because it is just too much work to install and i find it hard to believe they would make much difference .
product worked for a week fine . after that the bluetooth would not pair , tried all codes and different devices but would not work . don't buy .
these item does fit perfect on my 2004 bmw x3 . does what its suppose to do . so far so good thanks
red line atf / mtf for my 02 c5 z06 ! ! ! now i can push my z06 knowing my tranny is good to go !
does what its meant to do i've a 9500lb truck and it held it there i had bal chocks on trailer but overall thses do a good job .
these worked great with the rigid industries lights i had installed on my 2012 jeep wrangler . quality is good as well .
great security bit set - good for diyers . appears well built , however , time will tell on the durability ( made in china ) .
these were definitely what i needed to hook my 2 12v trailer batteries in parallel . very heavy duty and well made .
use this product on my motorcycle to charge multiple devices . works perfect with a gps or any other portable electronic devices .
these are stiffer than the original ones . fits real good . original ones ripped and fell out . these hold up to a heavy pot of spaghetti .
this is a pretty good quality visor . the lens is not over tinted with no distortion . fits right on to raider deluxe helmet .
while not as cheap as i'd like the excellent filters did " fall " to $ 5.00 each and i saved driving to the auto parts store .
it's toilet paper , what can i say ? it's not as nice a quality tp , but breaks down quickly in the rv toilet . acts as expected .
i bought a pair of these and now my hood does not fall on my head anymore . easy to install .
these things are super cool . makes having 3 different hitches a time of your life you'll look back at with shame .
best couple bucks i have spent . we zip the stabilizers up and down in a jiffy ! saves much time especially in the hot texas heat .
i needed this tool to remove my oxygen sensors on my bmw . could not have done it without this tool . so easy to use ! ! !
summer heat car cool get for car it be good make a / c work better no more sad hot dash or hot wheel yay .
it does the job and works pretty good on the pads to remove the polish ... the next step up from chemical guys
it's a long yellow right angle locking cord . i used it all summer at dozens of campgrounds and i always had power , so it must be perfect .
perfect replacment , and great price . will look into replacement of other door catches in the future . thanks and good doing buisness with you .
i purchased numerous filters from k / n & the quality is really there , hex nut is a sure plus for installing & removal .
i use this filter on my nissan and honda . fits just like the factory filters i use . no leaks , no issue .
i got it quickly it looks good can not wait to use it as soon as i can go out side .
as expected , this genuine mopar part fit perfectly on my ' 03 jeep grand cherokee wj . clean air is great and this was worth it .
i have 2 sets . one has been on my 95 damon for about 4 years and just bought this set for my 01 damon . great product .
spendy but easy to apply & i think you couuld've patched the hole in the titanic .. great stuff
we have this running 24/7 in our coach and i am able to turn down our refridge and still keep foods fresh / cold
great accessory for when you get stuck and need to lift just one wheel to perform a self recovery to get back on the trail / street .
i expected them to be larger . tight getting on but fine once i am wearing them . they are nice and warm
i immediately noticed a change in performance . the old filter was dirty and replacing with this one gives my camry more power and acceleration .
this little guy is heavy ! good finish and easy instal ! have no doubt this thing will last me a very long time !
clear instructions-easy to use and increased the miles per gallon on both of our vehicles by about 2mpg . will buy again .
this drain works good but is starting to corrode . it really should be made from stainless steel or even plastic .
fits great and does not leak . got this to stop a lead that came out the drain . works great and good as a clean out too .
purchased these to hold up the rv awning shade , placed a little fabric glue on the rubber shaft so they don't fall out . they work good.good luck
very good a + + + you want your car run good and boost up .. then use it . recommend for serious .
these work well , almost as well as sheepskin / lambswool mitts . they launder easily , wring well , and hold a lot of water . large too .
i was expecting a better charger i could not recommend it to any one.ps it works ok but it has a cheap look to it .
this is the part number for my truck ... to remove the old one you need a pair of needle pliers ...
this is great stuff to use on small screws and adjustments to make sure they stay put . easy to remove when needed .
the straight foot design and robust construction of this tire pressure gauge makes it the choice for checking inside dual wheels !
great stuff . i use mothers ultimate wax system and it brings back very aged paint . i would recommend this product .
these are very nice and flexible the straps are firmly connected . i foresee many years of service from these covers
few of the members at mustang forums informed me about this product . i used it and found it is very easy to use and result is phenomenal .
best price for the money i would get stronger if you have a f250 or f350 made for more of f150 or lower such as jeeps and explorers .
this is smaller then i thought for a funnel , yet it is useful more then i thought it would be . such as oil in the lawnmowers .
a little on the expensive side for something made in china . for this price , it should be made in the usa . good product otherwise .
bosch dependability can not beat the price would recommend you check your distributor if car is dying and cutting out .
these are very easy to install and keep the criters out of the sensitive rv systems . i had a wasp issue that this solved .
they are small , but they are sturdy and stand up well under the weight of the two front jacks of my trailer .
i got it over 3 years ago for my honda fit 2008 . still working fine , no issues , easy mounting , low profile .
i feel so much better washing my car with this . it cleans so much better than a regular sponge . the one i got was yellow .
the cigarette adaptor works great with the barrery tender , for easy access to multiple applications . makes adapting accessarys aesy . thanks
solid chunk of steel , not boxed and welded , or welded onto the end of a piece of square tube .  .
combine this with torque pro and you're rocking.something like this use to cost $ 1500.there are cheaper models but this one is good quality .
does a good job cleaning out the rust from the bottom of your r . v . water heater .
this stuff cleaned my intake filter like a charm ! next time i will buy an aerosol version though as this one is kind of dirty to use :)
i use this to keep the battery on my camper charged up for emergencies . does a good job , shipped on time and was packaged very well .
works really well to protect the hitch ball and trailer ball receiver . it looks and feels like vaseline and seems to protect well ..
every jeep shpuld have this on it , very easy installation and it changes the look and it keeps your hood very well secured
ordered this for a couple leather jackets i have . the stuff works great and made the leather look new again ...
this was my 2nd set of levelers . they work well and when not used for leveling they make great leveling jack stands .
i bought this unit and follow all procedures to prep the battery . it fits perfectly in my 2004 suzuki sv650s without any problem .
works as advertised . i use it in a class c rv to keep track of charge in the coach batteries .
the filter fit well and seems to have made the engine breathe easier . i do notice more noise from the turbo now though .
they do exactly what you want them to and show no signs of breaking after weekly moves and daily use for almost a year .
my husband said this was the best fitting cigarette plug he has ever had . he just went on and on about it .
this cover is almost perfect . size is good . it was easy to install even in cold weather . looks great and insulates wheel .
works great with the 205 . velcro is awesome , swap pads in seconds.easy to clean . totally happy with the shine .
took it camping and was real handy in recharging my ipad and phone . haven't used anything bigger on it but small electronics worked fine .
top quality , i used for everything , not only wheels lol , very good product , i would recommend for anybody . wheel brush way to go
great heavy duty tie downs ! i like these because they have the safety clips on the hooks , so no chance of them coming off !
not only do you see when tank is clean , but it swivels to any anjle you need to dump then swivels back up for groung cleanance
i bought 4 of these to change the rear shocks on my s2000 . they work as advertised .
could've saved the money , cut 2x6 ' s work just as well . they are nice and none have broken yet . big boy legos .
i bought 2 pair of the camco 44622 rv wheel stop for my trailer and am very pleased with the easy install .
these fit perfectly and the definitely keep bees and wasps out of my bumper . very clever idea . i recommend them !
it works really well with the two different colored foam pads . use this compound as a one step and it's great .
simply plug in to the city water supply and hook your compressor up at about 40psi . makes winterizing a breeze .
i use lexol leather conditioner on the leather seats in the car and leather furniture . makes the leather very soft and pliable .
this is a really good wax . it gives a deep gloss and shine . it goes on easy and comes off easy without flaking.very good value .
good enough that i've had a mower stuttering on idle before and poured a little in the tank and it smoothed out almost right away .
perfect replacement door holder on our 5th wheel trailer . can't even tell it is a replacement . just like the original .
i used this product to test the alternator on my car . worked great . i am very happy with this product .
i carry this as a spare for my motorcycle . it appears well constructed and it works well enough . connected directly to battery in this application .
i used these elbows to allow my washing machine to sit a little farther back against the wall without having he rubber hoses stressed .
well its an air gauge . not much to say but this things does its job . cant imagine start using the pencil gauges again
harness has thick gauge wires , i have seen some where the wires are thin and cheap . this harness is made well .
my bike has the sae fitting on it , so i needed this adapter to connect my genius charger . it works perfectly , just as advertised .
easy to install , cheap , looks great on my jk . no issues at all , and i liked it better than some of the alternatives .
a must have for any ram truck owner that wants hid lights . made everything work perfectly ! ! ! worked as it was described
conditioner works well but disappears into the leather fairly quickly , the cleaner requires some work and not sure about how valuable
a nice item to keep in your tool box . keeps the guess work out , when checking your vehicle tires for wear .
fits my bad boy zt50 perfectly , and much cheaper than from the auto parts store . here are some more words .
bought it to flush my differentials out with , but i suppose it would work great to clean your brakes too ! ha .
good fit great product . use k & n in all my vehicles . don't have to worry about cleaning and changing air filter .
works ok , but is smaller size than the blue ones offered here on amazon . due to the size difference the blue ones are a much better value .
so far after 1 season of camping these caps have been holding on . just remember you need to order 2 as they are sold individually .
solid pin . the keyhole cover slips often . i added 3 rubber o-rings to snug it up to the 2 inch hitch .
used this to replace front coil springs on my jk ... worked well very heavy built . the safety pins are a must have .
we were looking for this item and couldn't find it anywhere . we've used it once , but are extremely happy with how well it works . highly recommended .
this seems a little flimsy as compared to the factory filter but it fits great . hopefully it lasts until i need to replace it !
i highly suggest buying this with any of there window films ! you really only need one kit for several rolls of film ordered !
this prevents the bending of your suppy hose where itenters the rv . you will find it useful and your hose will last longer .
no more using a penny to make sure my tires are safe . this little gauge does the trick . highly recommended .
great product . do his job ... charging batteries for my motorcycle ... working perfectly ... read the battery life and charge when it needs ...
i added a multi port cigarette addapter and plug this addaipter to it . can be used for many applications . thanks
just what i needed to install two lighter / power sockets under the seat of my motorcycle to power my mobile electronics .
but they were too small for my hands , gave them to a friend who had smaller hands and he loves them ...
this product is a money saver and a must have in your garage if you are either do it urselfer or a professional
dielectric grease is a must have . sometimes it's the only maintenance required . parts will function without it but why make them if you don't have to .
nice carpet in a jeep ? then you need this to protect carpet with great form fitting floor liners form rugged ridge
works way better than having your canopy open without one when it is breezy . i still recommend closing your awning ( s ) if there are high winds .
i added this to my spare on my boat trailer . it was plenty long and built well . not much else to say .
fairly easy to apply and works really well . have never used any other glass treatment to compare it againsts but this does the job .
did a flush for my bmw 328i auto , 100k miles tune up . shifts butter smooth and feeling good knowing that my tranny is well protected .
fits tight , & looks tough , & being black blends in good . & for the low price no big deal if i lose it .
just what i wanted ! very well made and just what i expected . the only drawback is that it was about half the price at walmart .
this thing is bullet proof . i would like it to be slightly wider to hod something bigger , but real protects your valuables in a pinch .
i stuck this mirror onto the wall of my cubicle to keep an eye on spies wondering by . it stuck to the fabric lining and works very well .
i use this for small areas of the auto that gets water spots or dirty . excellent for dusting as well , avoids dry dusting that may leave swirls .
the product is very easy to install , seems to be high quality plastic , and looks great against my white jeep
i just with there was a variety of weights in the pack.they are all 7 grams so might need a bunch to balance .
the software installed fine . i can read the error code from my bmw . the engine temperature read seems correct too . i didn't try other functions .
i cant say this product worked on the two vehicles i tried it on . it made one vehicle worse than it was before i added it .
cleans out my water heater tank very well hooks up easy to any hose . i would recommend to a friend .
handle and adapter are well built and performed as expected . cheaper than in any of my local rv dealers by about $ . 50 to $ 1.00 .
i got this for my dad as a gift , he loves taking care of his car and he was pleased with it .
i like the style of the gun , it is well designed and u can get into places with it that some others can't
my old vent cap on my camper had broken to pieces in a large hail storm and this replacement fit perfectly and was a snap to install .
this is a good addition to the battery tender plus . it makes hooking it up to the vehicle much easier and with more options for mounting and use .
i was not able to give this a try yet . i'll give it a try sometime before our next camping trip and report back .
i like valeria products . they are well made and stand up to heavy use . i full time rv and find them very useful .
good pricedoes its job flawlesslynot a single problem 5 stars without question , buy it , you wont regret it
bought this for a gift and my dad loved it . works well and easy to understand and can eliminate check engine light rather quickly
fits perfectly on a 1992 2.2 camry . the plastic washer that came with it was tossed in the trashed and used oem gasket instead .
works as described . great addition to any car wash set . works best when combined with a grit guard and bucket .
i bought this to replace the backing pad on my hf da polisher . i found this pad contours better than the standard backing plate .
not the thickess leather handlebar bag i've seen , but for the price if i get two or more years use out of it i'm way ahead
for the price these things are good . but these will not at all light up the sky . if you want super bright don't go with these
this one actually has instructions . goes on quickly , about 30 seconds . no problems at all . follow the instructions for a smooth application .
nice gloves . good grip , hands don't sweat , good fit and comfortable . nice look and easy to put on and take off . would recommend .
bolted this receiver to the bumper of camper to carry bicycles . works great ; strong steel ; perfect fit to bike rack
i poped this in after i had already seafoamed my fuel tank to empty and my oil . this had increased my mpg by 1-2 not bad !
great product . makes wiring easy . wire up yourself for your girl in no time and give her a jolt she never had .
put this on the rv and all the iron and chlorine and other unwanted minerals are neutralized . we keep spares on every trip .
that net will be useful , fits good , not expensive and will do the job when carrrying light stuff in truc box .
the quality is great and construction is well done giving a perfect fit to the window frame . the adhesive is strong and has held up .
i bought 5 sets as soon as i saw them . had to hand em out to all my buddies .. holding up great so far in terms of quality
great price and very well made product . the velcro holds the polishing pads on very well . i am very satisfied with this product
best i can tell it works . when i clean a filter it's collected a lot of junk but the cleaning solution gets it good and clean .
i tried it on my three cars for spring clean up . i had to use it twice but not much scrubbing off all that winter left behind .
won't work miracles if you haven't washed your car , but provides a good looking shine in between your trips to the car wash . a must have .
if you want a product that has been around for yrs and yrs then buy this . it will work good and cost less than others .
i've had good success with k & n products . the filter fits perfectly and i'm happy with my purchase . it is for my v star 1100 .
practice loading and firing without damage to your firing pin . these are pretty sturdy and look to hold up for quite a while .
this actually was not beefy enough for my intended use but solid nonetheless . i ended up purchasing the next size up and that one works great , too .
installation was relatively easy with 2 people . i had to elongate one hole in order for driver side to fit . passenger side mounted perfectly .
i use to keep my spare battery in the garage charged for using 12 volt items instead of using my cars for the power .
a few screws out and back in and i have a new air filter that would cost a lot more at the dealer .
this makes cleaning rims / tires so much easier and quicker . no more bending down w / a rag . brush is soft so will not scratch rims .
these are very nice air pumps and seem to be high quality and well made . they will fill up a tire quickly .
very easy to install , , , just plug it in . very simple and much better than splicing wires . i would recommend this product !
this is a nice setup . i used it on my cobalt ss and it also now works on my jeep grand cherokee . the stands are also nice .
if you own a hi-lift , i may suggest to have this repair kit . you don't know when you will have to use it .
extremely easy to use to monitor and maintain tire pressures to ensure the best tire wear and fuel efficiency . nicely done .
a great product you must use at least once in a while . really does make a difference on your vehicle .
does what it promises . real cheap too . i use it to keep a spare battery charged and it works fine .
what can you say about armor all if you have already used it before . makes plastic shine like new.showed up on time and no issues .
i did not install yet . it looks like it will work fine . i'll let you know when i am done.update is that it works as intended !
simple , small and functional . there are easier to read ones out there , but these perform admirably for my pop up trailer .
highest quality gear oil there is - it stinks , that means it's good !
i previously rated them as a pair ( a / b ) . i find them to be a very good to excellent lon lasting blade .
so much power in such a small box , its blows away my diehard , same price half the size love it .
i mainly purchased this because apparently this filters hold more oil in them then a stock one . fit well , seems to work ok ... im happy .
not sure how solid it is if someone actually attempted to break it.however , it feels solid enough and secure that it brings us peace of mind .
very nice harness . high quality , exactly as you would expect from battery tender products . would purchase again if needed . recommended .
they did what they are supposed to kept my trailer from rolling away i am going to the lynx chocks due to upgrading to the lynx levelers .
this was a fraction of the price of the ones at the store and fit perfectly for my 2004 lexus rx 330 awd .
this high temp paint made an old bbq grill almost like new.the high temp paint handles my electric grill temps nicely .
well , it's a brush but i've never bought them before but it worked amazing and wasn't too rough but perfect to scrub :d
broke on day 1 . bit cheap in construction.would recommend different product , or even a different approach all together
this microfiber is very soft not as good as meguiar's but it is very close the them and won't leave any scratches .
on my car's windshield . i lost one piece while driving in the rain . i don't know why it came off completely without warning .
easy to set up and help you hand more delicate items like eggs or bread to they wont sit around under the sode
excellent price and how much easier it was to install , just get the right wrench and you're ready to go , easy to replace also .
amazon really needs to check some of their cross reference charts . this does not it a 2011 kia lx sorento .
nice heavy receiver block . this works great with tow straps when i have to pull friends out of the ditch after a good snow .
i think it will do just what i want . i got it for power outages and it powers my tv just fine .
nice little lighted switch that is easy to install just drill the right sized hole and pop it in . plug on wires and there you go .
affordable and easy to use . i use these with the travel trailer on every trip . i have even back flushed them under certain conditions .
what more to say . i have used a different clay bars but this one is priced better than most it seems and does the job well .
various shades to ensure that i have them if i need them . protected my eyes very well . i would certainly buy again .
an excellent tools to reach those hard to get plug wires.it will also minimize any risk of pulling older wire from the boot .
i orderd at least 4 none worked until the final try , it works but has no intall help like others have they all had bad disc .
great for those batteries that you don't use year round on motorcycles , rvs , lawn mowers , etc.like it enough to purchase a double one the following year .
wife parks in the same spot every time now . she loves it ! and it couldn't be easier to set up !
suds like crazy , lasts well , and seems to clean well too . can't wait for the weather to warm up so i can use it some more !
the chemical guys leather cleaner works great on my light tan seats , and the conditioner leaves then soft and looking new with a nice leather scent .
very easy to install , but the only issue will be cleaning it out . tough angle to reach , and i've scooped up several bugs in it already .
works great on my scion tc . i was able to find out my catalytic converter is starting to underperform due to the check engine light i got .
missed this winter's winterizing effort but we'll see next year . well made and appears worth the price . should save a bundle on rv storage antifreeze !
works well and seems to be well made . i like the fact it is not hanging off the front of my dash in the power socket
great filter and design for ease of maintenance . it's a must have if you have limited space for oil change .
the product does exactly what it is designed to do ... it seals fully around roof vents and other problems for our motorhome . easy to apply
i will recommend . keeps your car stuff well organized and uncluttered . a very good product . great on its own or to give as a gift item
i purchased several of these for my tt . when i purchased them the price was much lower . glad i bought when i did .
cheapest microfiber towels on all amazoni used it for 3 months with no problemswashed in washing machine with no problems
they do a great job of keeping the light out of your line of sight which is what i was looking for . couldn't be happier .
works just fine on my honda fit . however there ain't enough space there to put a dyno wrench on it .
loaded with features , including discrete settings for optima style agm batteries , and an automatic de-sulfating charge step , a great value for the money .
have not used it yet , but wish it did not come with the clay bars ... they just look like more work will be required .
these were advertised as sold in a pair yet only one came . i will need to order a second i guess . they also appear plastic .
used on my son's 2006 scion xa . needed bad ! did the job as expected ! his car looks new ! thanks for the product !
this unit eliminates the need for a gauge and makes the job quicker . more than accurate for me . fair price .
once winter hit and the road salt got on the blades they began causing a lot of smearing . i would highly recommend rain-x latitude but not this .
oil filter for our car . as described . perfect for our vehicle . highly recommend . great product and quality . exactly what we ordered .
i've had these for a year and cannot say anything bad . they do the job , as long as you don't lose them ! i recommend .
this is a very well made as well as thought out product . come with everything needed for installation . great bang for the buck .
only orderd 1 bottle but u charged me 4 2 , and sent me 2 don't want 2 bottles of same thing now too exspensive .
good quality and fits truck perfect . would recommend this product . they work great when pulling my camper . ok ok ok
nice big footprint ... this thing keeps my bike from sinking when i park in lots that aren't paved or are paved with gravel ... perfect !
i bought this unit for hard to reach grease fittings . so far i have used it to gease u joints . works decent .
high quality part .. i'm glad i installed it .. i'm sure it's going to make life easier in the future .
great product , looks good on my new 2012 jeep wrangler ! easy to install , just takes a little while , don't rush !
fram ch9972 full-flow lube cartridge filterfit and work great in our toyota camey 6cylyes i recommend these.ragenrat
gotta admit , , this will come in handy ... these are a value type bonnet kit but i think they will do the job
i used it for different charger then battery tender . i like it because it has in-line fuse for necessary protection .
used this to patch my coolant overflow tank on my dirt bike . must have on any dual sport tool kit .
pretty much idiot proof as long as you are sure to regulate your air pressure.makes blowing out the rv plumbing system a breeze .
save your money , these things are worthless . they are very weak and flimsy and do nothing to secure anything . i would not buy again .
rugged ridge grab handles are working great in our 2011 jeep unlimited . i bought a set for front and back .
works well in my fmm 167 229.2 cc honda cg clone . i think that really is all i can say but a min word response is required
i love royal purple - but no difference - wish castrol gtx still made theres , that was a difference !
takes some time , but if you do it right , this product has held up very well . will use it on all of my cars and trucks .
not much need be said . put a tube of grease in it and lube up your joints . gets the job done .
this is a nice cap to have if you just want to trickle drain your galley or gray water tank .
i put these on in less than 2 minutes and it rained the next day and i had no problems .
these are the best caps that i have come accross they are rubber and stay in place but not so hard that you need tools .
these are good microfiber clothes to use . i use them when cleaning and waxing the boat . they work as expected , very soft and absorbant .
easy to use and keeps dirt off when it rains and sunshine off the tires ! looks good while protecting the tires !
i use this item . i use alot of meguiar's products for my detailing . you don't need alot to make it happen , sw
best basic waffle towel available hands down . still very soft after numerous car washes and cleanings . also works great as a drying towel for housework .
we mpounted these on our harleys to charge up our phones and out ipods while we were traveling ! we love them !
fits nice and snug . it's a bit thin , but we expected that . cannot comment on durability as we just purchased it this year .
the lights look good they were easy to install and work great . you can light up any area you see fit
i use this on my rv and it shines great ... with something that big , i also recommend a top quality random orbital , like griots 10765lngcrd
works awesome in my foam canon seems to make more foam than my other soaps i have tried , and it smells good !
these covers take seconds to install and eliminate the annoying rubbing on my neck of the seatbelts in my car . the material is soft and comfortable .
yes , it goes spark when needed to . lasted 50k miles so far without a misfire . never had to review a spark plug before lol .
went in good . truck runs smoother and quieter . would buy again at the sale price i bought it at . easy pour also
as another reviewer noted , this thing is dummy proof . i have multiple units keeping batteries charged in seasonal use vehicles & boats .
works as designed . wish i would have gotten two packs . not much else to say . the carrying case is sufficient .
work very well . one of the foam pads did come off the plastic handle . other than that they are great !
extremely easy wire harness install . even came with attached clips to hold wires to existing holes in frame . very slick .
it appears to be a nice quality tool . a big step up from that one on top of an old valve cap i had been using for years .
nice easy to use pads . worked as expected from the first use . easy to use and large enough to get the job done .
i use this to strap my dowco motorcycle cover on my luggage rack instead of haveing to use a saddlebag . fits well and hold with no problem
does just what is says it will do . it makes filling the fresh water tank less messy , simple as that .
can't really beat the quality of these filters , handy hex nut with heavy duty construction makes it a snap to install & remove .
well now i feel safer about the trailer storage in my drive way . the tongue jack stand adds visibility and stability .
well worth the price . was able to charge my cell phone on a long motorcycle trip . also used it to charge my mp3 players while riding .
decent light output , bulb is higher profile and may not fit in all light housings ( like dash board lighting or license plate lights )
there are brighter bulbs out there but these are the highest quality brightest that will give the slight blue hid look .
very sturdy under the step i am thinking , well built but haven't used yet . no problems i can see . will be using soon this summer .
i really like this , i put a water pressure regulator on it and then hook up the hose , i just leave those two together works like one unit
the 3 brushes work well both inside and outside the car . they dust hard to get areas and they help get ride of old wax on the outside .
just like any others at a great price ... save yourself some monies , jusy none more words it said so i am now done .
great hose for a small engine in need of new hose . this is durable and inexpensive hose sure to bring longevity when dealing with todays gasolines .
couldn't find a better hitch lock for the price . i use this for various hitch accessories and it has been very useful to protect my property .
great applicator . i have used microfiber & terry cloth towels none have been able to get the same consistence as this applicator .
it has been my experience that these pads work well and are machine washable just like they claim .
cleaned the mass air sensor well . no issue with the sensor after.one bottle is probably enough to clean 5-7 cars .
it is small and convieant as well as handy . it can be mounted out of the way yet readily availible for use .
this is the same filter they sell at walmart and auto parts stores . save your money and buy it here online . works great !
very easy to use and is a nice quality item very mice scent i would use it again and recommend it
bought as a replacement for a stock one in my plow truck . i like this one . size is perfect and the mirror is good quality .
recently purchased an usb oscilloscope for use in my projects . this set of test leads is worth it's cost from amazon . i do recommend this kit .
i would have to say that this product looks very cool on my 2011 jeep wrangler . i would definitely recommend this item ! very easy to install .
i went to measure the items , but the installation was so easy i installed them in about one hours time .
very nice to add a socket and usb's , just don't spill into it . simple to install and use .
very brightlow wattagecheapfast deliveryusing as lamp in rv . will soon replace all lights with these leds .
i found that it was hard to find this color . i have used this product line for other cars . the match has always been perfect .
used this to clean the fabric upholstery in my car and it worked great . arrived on time and does what it advertises .
man , you want these if for nothing else they pack down in the rv very small . quick to adjust up or down before twisting the wings .
no oil filter within its size that this tool can not open . buy it once and no need to buy anything again .
another fine product from this company , that will last me for a long time . i prefer sae connectors for my solar setup .
i put the this additve in oil and found this product did its job in a matter of a 2 days , cutting sludge
protects you charger and keeps everything in one place . just enough room and a very fair price . has a window inside for the instruction sheet .
this is a great buy . works great . soft for buffing , polishing . would buy again .
great product for those with gas powered marine applications like outboard motors and the like . good year round or for off season storage .
ordered this for the shark system , thought i might need it for mounting , i ended up using the mirrows to do the mount on . 1600 kaw nomad
this is a great towel ! it absorbs water like there is no tomorrow and it's soft enough where it will not scratch my paint .
great for what it is . really handy ! get a $ 16 harbor freight cordless drill and it sure beats hand cranking !
good light weight for just cool nights or rain in a half helmet . almost like not wearing one it is so light .
works very well , just remove your zirk fitting on your gun and have at it.gets into those tight places , tie rod ends ball joints , etc .
i am already a big fan of 3m . this product holds up . get a good drill and follow the directions . you will be happy .
returned found better kit with colors that help match rv . you need kit with colors to match most applications .
i bought this product because my car has 198,000 miles and i hoped this would reduce engine wear , we'll see !
worked well . made tire changing easy . the rear was a bit more difficult . if the iron was a little longer it could have been easier .
cheaper than the dealer , and easy to install , if you read your owner's manual . fit like the original and saved me $ $ .
the plastic was broken when i received it . doesn't appear to affect function or fit of the filter though , so it is in my car today .
these work on my 2012 f150 . they fit perfectly with no vibration at all . an excellent product and i highly recommend them !
went on easy using an applicator and even remained on the tires after a couple days of storms . smells like grapes . i will definitely buy this again .
not a perfect fit using the double stick tape , going to drill and screw a few holes to hold them fully secure.not bad thought !
i really didn't need this item , but i ordered it anyway to install on my riding mower . nice to have an extra .
i am not sure i have noticed a big difference as so many have noted ... but it makes me feel like i am giving my jeep the best ...
great product but this must be used with the correct combo of cleaners and such to get the right results .
i bought this stuff and it didn't clean anything off my chrome rims . worthless crap . wouldn't mind getting my money back for this red bottle of goop .
bought this to go on my ammo box and its looks great.it was easy to place on the ammo box.you should get a couple for your ammo boxes .
these little guys really light up the interior and fit perfectly , at first i thoughy they were too small to give out enought light but i was wrong .
cleans and darkens without the extreme shine you get wit armor all . easy to use , and lasts well.you won't be disappointed !
these chocks saved me a lot of time and certainly make the camper more solid , i would reccomend these to anyone with a dual axle trailer
it's the clear choice for watching your tanks empty . not that it's very exciting to watch . kinda nasty . like watching obama explain obamacare .
quality oil filter . thick walled can , strong , will not crush easily . synthetic micro glass media filtration . silicone anti-drain back valve to prevent dry start .
cheap , reliable , accurate . i've bought a second one for another auto as the first one has proven satisfactory after a few years of use .
great to stop small leaks ! it's a standard black silicone in a tube instead of a can.silicone gets rubbery hard.squeeze , and apply . works like expected !
good cleaner for the price , a little goes a long way and this stuff works great ! much better then uing regular laundry soap
when you want to rinse out the stinky slinky and prepare it for storage this is the tool for the job .
i like this tester . it works and is easy to use . wish it had com with case for safe storage .
this stuff sticks and works well . the only downside is that its hard to remove from you hands . best to use clear , thin gloves when applying .
this product is ok , but it could be made better . it is difficult to get it tight enough on the visor to keep it from drooping .
the only reason i bought these filters is because my grand son always use them sense he uses the mobil 1 oil .
very well made scrubber . the bristles are soft enough so it doesn't scratch your wheels but firm enough to remove the grim .
this fits great and was very easy to install . it looks great and has a magnet to hold it shut . the magnet could be a little stronger .
this stuff really works - just be sure what you put it between is permanent as this stuff bonds for keeps
this is very well made and hopefully holds up to the sun which usually discolors the plate covers . can't complain on the bell cover so far .
good replacement . medium duty use , you can change to fuse it it blows , just don't increase size of the fuse .
great little gadget , worked with my nexus 5 and the free version of toruqe app . worked fine with chrysler town and country 2009
i used this brush to clean my engine bay . it works great . i also used this to clean my wheels . it worked great there too .
this is a nice set that works as advertised . perfect for recessed plugs , well built , and should last a long time ...
these are no wimpy microfiber cloths , great buy and even better price point ! they are even washable , saves one less thing in the waste pile .
this thing is simply awesome . not to mention so simple and easy to install . another thing i had to buy that should be standard on all trucks .
a must have for the home mechanic . wish i had bought these years ago . solid construction , a steal for 20bucks
i bought two of them to combine to make a larger net . it works well , the hooks are plastic and the net stretches a good amount .
these are perfect for attaching ez pass transponders . same as what comes from the turnpike folks in ma . just clean your windshield before applying them .
20w50 should really protect my bike and i love mobil 1 oil for my cars , so this worked out fine ... price wasn't even that bad
i cannot tell the difference between using this cleaner and using just soap and water . the scrubber brush is nice .
i love this meguiar's product . it's easy to apply and it makes your car shine . don't hesitate buy a bottle .
good price and when ordering several still comes into australia cheaper and arrives at the front door . typical ngk quality .
simple little tool that gets the job done . i can not think of a single reason not to have one .
it say's that it doesn't fit on my 04 crown vic but , it does :) just to let people know !
it appears to be a fast enough connection so that various sw programs can update in near real-time . plus , no cable to avoid / be careful with .
i love my telescoping handle brush . it is so nice for washing my rv and storing the brush is a snap .
well made and priced right . a real necessity if you are going to hook up to water systems with unknown presures .
works ok but no better than dawn dish soap or many other spray cleaners that are less expensive . save your money .
this sponge works great on both trim and low profile tires . the handle is easy to grip and helps keep your hands clean .
very easy to install . they make the front of my red 2012 jk look awesome ! i would highly recommend to anyone !
just changed my oil and this fits perfectly into the oil drain plug for my scion xb 2006 . i would reccomend this product ,
these are about 10x brighter than my original parking lights ( 2006 subaru impreza ) . lots of light that needs little energy !
this item work great for trying to find an electrical short in the car wiring electrical harness and find bad connection
this helps to keep things in my rv frisge from shifting while we are motering down the road . it sets up with ease .
pretty simple ... not much to say here . they fit right into the axillary track in the awning , and then you hang party lights etc from there .
i bought this one as a spare just in case i break the new one . sucks when you break the strap in mid stream
now that cold weather is here i need to wear jersey gloves inside my leather gloves and these gloves let me do just that .
i got these for my amana stovetop the worked perfectthe ones that amana had were over $ 4.00 eagreat buy .
works as well as expected , the number and variety of pieces comes in quite handy for small delicate work.this is what is needed to get the job done .
easy to hook up , easy to clean out , never leaked , very durable . would buy again if i needed another poo chute .
i am in love with meguair's products and this will leave your car looking like its brand new ! ! easy on and easy off ! !
very strong and adjustable cup-holder . i bought two of themm , skrewed them onto the rv walls ... one for the driver and one for the passenger .
no more hand cranking those stabilizers ! ! ! this puppy and my trusty makita cordless make this formerly-dreaded task a snap - and fun !
great tool to have , makes the job much easier . the design is ergonomically right . the price is right also . it is made with quality workmanship
this is an improvement on the original lights that came with my car . i can see more of the road now .
nice product no problems got them to work after installing them matches my 3rd stop light on my truck looks good
mcgard never fails to please ! never have been disappointed with their products . quality finish that never goes away . will order again when needed .
leaves the car nice and clean . has a great scent to it as well . able to remove bird droppings quickly after a wash with minimal effort .
easy to use with just one bottle for one tank load , smells nice before it goes in , works as advertised .
very stringy and gets everywhere . it also stains everything it touches and did not seal as well as i had hopes , still have oil leak
this product i've used in the past with great results . better mileage and cost savings .
this is a must have for those with excellent water pressure and volume and a good hose . i highly recommend this .
this inflator has an easy to read gauge . the hose clamps on to the valve stem of the tire securely .
and easier to carry and store than the multi-block style . may not be as versatile but i like it better .
had to have this product to do the oil changes on my wife's 2009 toyota camry 3.5 l v - 6 . great quality !
they fit perfect , they do exactly what they are supposed to do , and i got them for a great price . what beats that ?
add to your work bench and when taking things apart , toss the parts here and you will not lose them . great price , fast shipping .
i have several of these & use them on stored cars , year round & they even keep my optima's alive !
there was so much product that i was able to dynomat all 4 doors and truck & i still have over half the dynomat left for other projects .
old motor home and grey cap was always a little loose for my liking . this coupled with new gate valve did the trick for me .
i don't want to sound lazy but why would you not want to have one of these and save cranking your jacks by hand .
dont buy this worse smell ever . now i cant stand the smell in my truck now im stuck . with it
i think this is a terrific article at an acceptable price.an ice scraper needs not be anything fancy , this is truly all i need .
good deal on this small wattage power inverter . used properly , it will give what it advertises . easy to use and seems to be well built .
i only needed one for my atwood furnace it is easy to put on and it stays put . and i have an extra for later !
these are great quality work very well and extremely easy to install . i would recommend these for anybody considering grad handles for a four-door jeep wrangler
cheap scan tool , i got this one so i could loan it out instead of my much more expensive one . not bad for such a low price .
i wish i had gotten the one with the shorter handle but i can just hold it a bit higher up on the handle and problem solved !
use this when washing your car , glass will come out much more clear , and no more water marks or swirl marks .
this is properly made , fits great and is sturdy enough to take the pressure needed to install easily . after trying others i prefer wix .
great quality tool , must have for changing out oil filter . grips on firm and easy to use . no problems so far
bought this for our golf cart . mounted it to the bottom front of the cart . adds visibility during the day and works great at night .
fits my big electra glide , nice bag , well made double stiched good for the value and folds up small nice
works as designed . kept the bead in place while working the tire around the rim . locks in place on spokes perfectly .
installed in a 2005 tacoma ( even though nobody lists one for the 05 ) and fits perfectly .
the cap quality and function appear to be just fine . it may just save my engine someday . price was right also .
one of the first scanners and disk i have works easy and better than all others ive purchased , id give it a 10 .
very good product . i use this product for all of my microfiber products including my golf clothes . does what it should and the price is very reasonable .
these shocks fit perfectly , and provided enough power to lift the hood without effort . i would highly recommend them if they make a model for your vehicle .
this is a good low cost feeler gauge set that is suitable for your shop . recommend this one for most applications .
i've used meguiar's products for over 20 years . i use it on my wife's honda and my porsche 911 ! always a great product .
i used it help pull out another car that i couldnt natch out . it was well worth the money an beat having to call a tow truck
it's good sandpaper . i like how it can be used wet or dry . worked well to polish the metal on my wheels .
if this will fit in your interior light fixture - and you want a much brighter light - look no further .
i use many brands of car care products and this is one of the nicer ones . i would recommend it to a serious car enthusiast .
covers that nasty hole at the end of the receiver and provides a place to stash your wiring plug . very neat and handy ,
should have got a larger plate , a 12 inch . other than that , it works fine .
works as described takes off tires with no problem at all . only thing i did was grease it up with pb blasters .
so i really can not give it a 5 star due to that , otherwise looks like it would be a 5 star .
just what i was looking for . works well and have not had any issues . the quality could be better , but it was also priced right .
replaced the " nasty nissan matic fluid " with this in the transmission and also used it in the power steering and transfer case in my 2005 nissan titan .
filter is built so much better than the typical fram filters . there is no back flow , and the micro screen catches the finest particles .
love them as they do bright up the display in the car . would recommend them for your car lighting needs
nice product does what is meant to do . the tape seems to hold pretty good only time will tell should have bought along time ago .
got this because i needed a clean one so i can reuse my new differential fluid while fixing the gasket .
it's the best brand you can get for the best quality that will last longer than those other brands on the market !
i liked this hitch pin lock enough to purchase another for a different vehicle . easy to use and well built .
i used this product on my infiniti qx56 and i'm very happy with it . royal purple is an excellent brand
overall i'm happy with this . it has a nice shiny powder-coat and it appears to hold up well . ships individually in small boxes . thanks !
this made in china thingy is cheap and works great . i am totally happy with it . let's see if it lasts !
this is a very nice product to help keep the jeep looking like new and protects and fits well for specif model
love the smell of this product and the low spotting residue left on the car . make sure to wash in shade
i've use these previously on other vehicles and they are a good product . i don't buy wipers from the discount stores .
i was surprised by the quality and beefiness of this kit . i immediately cut it up to make some quick connectors and they work well .
works great on micro fiber towels , it leaves them soft and clean , just two capfuls will do a whole load .
i got tired of trying to figure out what keys fit what .. so i purched this kit .. works great and you can't beat master lock for quality .
valve cover broke on my 05 silverado and needed some new black ones . these came right on time and fit like a charm .
works great , no problems , it seems like it is going to hold up for a long time . hooks seem strong
the socket works great with a cordless drill for lowering and lifting the scissor jack on our rv unit . good product arrived as scheduled .
this towel cuts drying time in half . this is all i use to dry my car now as opposed to old bath towels and chamois cloths
got this to replace the junky one the dealer gave us . it kinks a bit when i lay it out , but it doesn't leak .
very simple , cheap effective product . don't know how to have changed the differentials on my impreza without this guy in the toolbox
purchased these for front and rear clevis hooks for the jeep . very easy install and does the job as intended .
no issues , just as described . used to connect my motorcycle to battery tender charger . also connect to adapter to charge my cell phone .
super soft , they are the perfect size for a quick detailer spray or cleaning windows and glass . i don't feel like i'm marring my paint with them .
i returned this items because it contained lead in why in this day an age would something with lead in it still be sold ?
camco manufacturing 57363 leveling scissor jack socket well made fits perfectly great to use with your drill to save your back i would buy again thanks =)
have used this product on older dexron ii gm cars and all responded very well to it ; great for often neglected trans service .
perfect fit for a 2008 lexus rx350 . the blade was easy to install ( no adaptor required ) . the blade cleans well , and doesn't squeak .
spray and let it sit , be sure to agitate with a soft brush or mitt , then rinse off after it turns red .
for the price these gloves are very good.maybe ordering a size larger than you normally wear would be a good idea .
i can lift my hood now and it doesn't fall back down . they were very easy to install and now the hood lifts like new .
much better that the maguire's product we sell at work , great cord , heavy duty motor , will review later after some use .
these drain plugs are for vw tdi engines . they are great quality , and come with the crush washers pre-installed . very pleased .
buy it and put it in . exact oem replacement . my engine had a front and back , so i replaced both at the same time .
nice to have when having multiple cars , bikes , sand toys , etc . hooked up for the off season ! i use them year round !
bougth these with the thought of replacing cleaning cloths or rags as they are better knownthese actually do the job and the price is great
great does what its suppose to do and the jeep logo is bonus if you have a jeep and a hitch must buy
i have changed all the bulbs except headlights on my rv to led . these run hotter than others but work well .
i ordered this for my motorcycle and boat its a great times to keep your batteries up and fully charged ready to go when you are .
having the clear view adapter takes the guess work out of whether or not the tank is empty . it is easy to put on your existing hose .
small tool save you time and much easier to remove wiper arm . should have one to avoid damage windshield by accident when removing wiper arm
have not put the chock's to use yet , but i know they will do the job for me . i have other chock's but i like these better .
works great just wish i waited a week to buy it it is half the price now ... not cool at all
very well put together kit and it has everything you need . great gift for someone who just bought their first car .
i bought this heated cushion for my wife and she just loves it . i always unplug it when not in use .
used on 2007 nissan xterra and works great . quick to install . easy to remove . great to used with sway control .
fits easily over the hook of my m12000 warn winch and is nicer than the red warn handle .
would recommend to anyone . installs in less than 5 minute . took longer to find the driver than to do the job . gives that finished look .
the only thing that could be bad is they showed up broken or didn't fit.they showed up on time and they worked .
2004 toyota camryfits perfect and air " feels " cleaner . i can't really tell , but i'm sure it is.system smells the same .
boy this is an awesome addition to my box , this is an excellent way to cycle thru your weapon both for practice and inspection .
a very good product . they have met all of my desires . a quality product they help me to remove the door panels of my car without scraching
they look great they should have came that way from the fac but thats how they keep the money coming but screw it they look good !
this is a great product for the money . works as described and easy to use . highly recommend this to anyone does their own brake jobs .
what needs to be said ? this just works and is a very handy accessory to have if you have quick disconnect / sae ends on your battery wiring .
perfect size and fit for changing automatic transmission fluid on an impreza holds about a quart and a half while it drips in
its seems to be ok but the construction of it seems to be cheap but i don't work on cars for a living ( backyard mechanic )
these are well made . i got two to use around . these look like they will last ? just takes time . sw
great product . loosening the screws holding the seat down was the only hard part . the easy solution is use an impact wrench and they'll come right off .
works great and helps keep dirt out of camper . i would highly recommend this product and will buy another one when needed ,
bought to replace halogen in lights in motorhome . very pleased . they are brighter and cast a slight blue tint but good for reading and cool
i love this stuff ! great product i will always have a bottle of this in my arsenal ! cuts fast and finishes nicely .
i have use k & n filters for about 10 years never had a problem ever .. all filters air and oil work great and last a long time ..
for just 4 simple screws each , these were the easiest of all the light protectors to install . they look great and are built to last .
it's a nice size tray to hold all your nuts and screws while working . it has very strong magnets so it won't let anything fall off .
good towels . need to wet them a bit to try to get them to absorb water . i would buy these again !
i have used these before and had great results as you should after tuning up a car . i will buy these again and again .
not much to say other than it did the job to extend the cable to the location needed to charge the battery .
these gloves are very comfortable & warm . i've worn them in temperatures as low as 38 & keep my hands from going numb .
this product is easy to use and well made . it prevents the water hose from kinking and restricting water flow which happens in hot weather .
meguiar's scratch x 2.0 seems to do the job on little scratches or when you need to get a little paint off .
i use this every time i empty my galley , grey and black water tanks . i can see when the tanks are empty without removing the sewer hose .
i will level with you . this is plumb great . the level best . straight and true quality . i am very hoppy !
greatly improved my throttle response . have not used the other functions yet , but am happy with my purchase using the performance tune alone .
makes for a beautiful shine with meguiar's detail spray products.it really makes the car have the wet look and feel after using meguiar's supreme shine microfiber cloths
hooked them up to my 01 f - 150 mirrors and they strapped on easy and stayed right were on putt them .
shape of this particular hose remover is unique , and i have not accidentally poked through any hoses . works very well .
this tool is handy if you own a ecotec engine and you don't want to damage the intake manifold.the socket is well made and the price was right .
a bit of a splurge but these little touches make me feel good when i look at my valkyrie .
worked great for my 14000 lb trailer . way better than jack stands , as these allow for slight adjustments to ensure you're totally balanced .
yes i call it an rv saver since it seems to preserve the integrity of your rv plumbing . keeps water pressure from blowing out your pipes
great little air / water separator . does the job well and was a lot less than what the competitors wanted ! great buy !
gas cap was direct fit for chevy trialblazer just like the original makes a good replacement part has the clip on tie down end
this is a handy item to use . great way to get all water off your bike . no hidden areas . would recommend to others .
small cars mean little space so this helps a lot . papers and receipts fit easily into it to use when you need to .
redline makes the best gear oil there is , and there's a reason why everyone swears by it . love this stuff .
it's just an ex-cord for your battery tender charger or a ex-cord to help out a buddy with a dead battery while out of the road .
easy swap . works great on my civic . it has been 2 months , and nothing smells anymore . maintaining clean air in my car .
made from unicorn tears this oil will lube your chariot for at least 10k miles . 5 unicorn stamp of approval .
got this for the wife a little while back , and she loves it . it looks like it belongs right on the back of her van .
good price fast delivery . have been using rain x for both my cars for several years . very good product .
it's getting really hard to find synthetic power steering fluid . amazon is one of the few places . even better you get a choice of brands .
i don't know why anyone would ride without one . it relieves the cramping you get on long rides . i put it on and never looked back .
i love my battery tenders but when you need a longer stretch this works great , no problems going on 2 years now .
pretty simple product , not really much to review . they work , and they fit . these also fit the trans drain plug on the 3rd gen altima .
works very well . was easy to install . performs as advertised . wouldn't hesitate to purchase another one soon . just might do that .
good and strong . i like the look of the black . the finish is solid and hasn't knicked or scratched . solid point for towing or winching .
works great easy to use with the spray pattern and seems to last a good amount of time , even after washes .
yeah , it says it but don't try to tint anything on your car or you will get pulled over , trust me .
one stop shopping for quality stainless hardware to mount licence plates . everything is included . the price is a bit on the high side .
used it on my last round of dirty mf towels and they got clean and feel nice and soft . this size container will probably last for years too
i have used it very little but appears to be made well and for the most part what i was looking for .
this thing is brand new and saved me lots of money . great heavy duty snatch block to help get you unstuck or double your winch pulling strength .
goes on the outside of the window . goes on easy enough . looks good . large and easy to read . good price .
decent wax ... my car looks nice but i'm not sure it's worth the high price . can't really say much more .
i like this product and would buy it again and again , very well made and saved me a lot of money .
didn't quite fit perfect in factory hole , but it works . perfect for backup lights .
i have a big compressor that is not very mobile . this tank meets my needs for topping off our rv tires and the truck tires
love the product , just wished i had gotten then earlier , i would recommend them to anyone wanting to replace the lights in their dash
this little beauty keeps my motorcycle battery charged all of the time . i love it and the compact size makes it easy to bring along .
works as needed , only problem is it will only fit a standard oil jug not the gallon .
very easy install with thorough directions included ! smells quite wonderful , though it is not very noticeable in the cabin after installation .
easy instructions to follow . perfect fit for my broken vent covers . now i don't have to worry about things getting in my vent .
love mothers the only products i will use on my jeep . used for applying wax no scratches from product . like i said mothers are great products .
this hatch was for a spare tire crank down and was replaced because the old one yellowed and it was easier to replace instead of painting .
this bulb does not emit the light i was hoping for . i suppose if i had more experience with led i could have picked a better bulb .
was able to balance my fans to within a reasonable wobble so as not to worry about it vibrating lose .
bought both the battery tender charger and this case for my atv . quality made ( both of them ) . very happy with them .
i've been using the mobil 1 oil filters for years now . i can really tell a difference in how long my oil stays clean .
quite pleased with this mfs but there are better alternatives for a dime more.but at this price , not much complains
this is easy to install and works great . now my grand children cannot push the screen out of the door .
wiper came loose and allow arm to scratch wind shield . i even check several times to made sure wipers are attached securely . lousy design .
great to have in the tool box . cleaned up my battery posts and terminals quite nicely . just buy it already !
nice look on my 2013 all black f150 fx2 . fits loose so i wrapped some electrical tape around it so it fit snug . looks great though .
seemed like a good idea , but it leaked incessantly no matter how much i tightened even with teflon tape on the threads . i returned it .
fits well and out of the way . it is always easy to find a bowl now . works well with all bowls , except styrofoam .
looks as good as the original , i put this on a few years ago and it has stayed put . i'd recommend this .
these wheel covers work great on my fifth wheel camper . i had no issues with them blowing off with 50mph winds this past winter . good quality product !
i own my own detailing business and i use this wash almost full year but especially in the winter with the cold water .
why don't they sell this at local auto stores its way better than armor all ... because its not for all surfaces just the stuff the sun beats on
these did not work for my car , even though they are supposed to be compatible . be careful , and make sure you properly install them .
very nice looking and very heavy duty .. its pretty tough getting on though .. very tight but i used a flat bar and it slipped right on ..
easy to use , easy to store without taking up much room . holds the hose at a nice flow angle for good drainage .
this rain-x weatherbeater is a big improvement from the goodyear and blue coral wipers . no more squeeking and streaking ! thanks rain-x !
simple to operate . easy to read display . seems to be reasonably accurate . easy to hold and operate . overall , a really nice pressure gage .
i have been using marine tex for 30 years . it works & is affordable easy to use to repair any fiberglass , gel-coat or plastic repair .
very functional and easy to use . l we keep ours in the harley bag for ease and safety . recommeded to anyone
purchased to change my oil and am very impressed with these ramps . amazingly light , strong and easy to store away thanks to the two piece design .
i use this with a cheap makita drill driver to lower and raise my jacks . i leave both in the camper and they are always there and ready .
this curt manufacturing 5/8 in . hitch lock works great so far . i have not had any issues with it yet .
i like this fog lights ... escalade looks nice again ... i replace them after i lost the front glass out of both oems ...
i got this for my waverunner oil filter . i was unable to remove the filter with any other wrench and this one really grips the small filter .
use these all the time . good filter product . look up the filter comparisons on you tube to see the difference .
i work in a car wash and i've used this sponges before and they work great on removing bug stains from cars and would definitively recommend them .
they are a bit more money than others but i feel that it is well spent if it provides better protection .
needed something to use to pull other people out & on my winch bumper , these were perfect ! just what i needed !
i have a sports car that i put up for the winter . needed the extension to reach it word word
one of the best things i have bought to keep the inside of my car clean and looking new . i recommend this for everyone .
this is the best trailer bumper mount . it fit perfectly . mounted easily . very very well made . finish is awesome . buy this one . =)
it works great . use it all the time for fluids in my car . obviously make sure to wash it before using it between other types of fluids .
hella replacement . kinda . mine came with blue wire .. they should always be white . its also not covered in fabric and the white ones are .
like the single bars , this can be dislodged . i am looking at gluing in some sort of seat to hold it more securely.good idea but needs improvement .
bigger than i expected . quality built block . i have used twice and it works perfectly . will be buying a second soon .
this product is easy to use and store . it keeps things smelling fresh with a pleasant aroma in the head
seems to be working pretty good . hasn't had any food smell hanging around in fridge . uses 2 d batt h
this fits perfectly fine on my lancer 2008 . looks awesome . i used these bulbs for my licence plates and city light .
it works but i don't like all the excess residue especially on my black truck .
the original product for storing gas powered equipment off season without having to drain the fuel . used it for years , never had a problem
this inexpensive air gauge is the best one i have used . i get a consistently tight seal and quick / accurate reading .
shine ur tire but doesn't last more than 2 days but better than alot of fake stuff in the market .
these fit all 194 bulb applications , and for clearance issues these are great as they have almost no protrusion . great for license plate bulbs
well built with a weatherproof cover ; comes with two keys and will protect your hitch or what ever you need to protect .
i use this stuff all over my jeep all plastic parts even under hood . shines and protect for a long time mothers is the best
not as many pleats as the prius oem but the material feels thicker so i guess that makes it about the same ...
having a new wiper is always better than one that has has the rubber falling off however i can say that this wiper fit well on the highlander .
this made the car look great ! wax lives up to it's name best of show , easy to apply and wipe off will buy again
stop friction on the paint and so easy to use . can not imagine not having them when trailoring a bike .
well built meter that functions just as it should . the dials are easy to read and as far as i can tell the meter is accurate .
this is the best car wash soap ! i never have a problem keeping suds and it gets my car nice and clean .
solid feeling and works great , i bought a tire machine from ebay and needed a easy way to remove valve stem cores .
these work just fine . we're new to rv'ing and any advise is welcome . but these seem to keep things in good working order .
all is good except the outlet hole is too small.it would be perfect if they made the hole bigger .
it was exactly what i was looking for . i needed it for my city water connection on my camper . the old one died
these wipers work well on my 2500hd pickup although a bit pricey i think they are worth the extra money .
purchased several to keep the batteries charged on my classic cars . they work very well and the price is right ! highly recommended .
i have 2 drains on my trailer and this allows me to leave both open to the sewer and not have to switch the hose from outlet to outlet !
works great ... you do not have to use your wipers as much ... water rolls right off
nice looking product with the black coating . only fits the 2 inch receivers though . it will be put to use on another vehicle !
works well in keeping the heat out and looks good . the thing needs some way to stretch out tighter so you can see the pic better .
i tried several portable inflators during the past 5 yrs ; this one is tops as it holds a charge and comes with accessories ;
these arrived on time . they are a great improvemeny over originalscannot see purpose in going to hid bulbs when these are fine .
what a deal , it is about ten dollars cheeper than the bike store . it is the idenical cup holder that they sell .
i use the mothers carpet & upholstery brush for claning my canvas top on my car and it works well , holds up fine .
i have the old battery tender and can tell a difference when using this newer model on my bmw motorcyle gel battery . much better , longer charge.thank you .
calibrated speedo , shift points are now excellent . gas milage not really affected which is my only complaint . would buy again .
bright ! ! i can see so well at night ! i definitely recommend these leds . they are constructed well . very good output .
i bought 2 of these for my off road pickup . they are as bright or brighter than my hid headlights . i will most likely buy 2 more .
work well in tight places and easy to store . seem to be strong enough to hold a large motorcycle on the road .
washed both cars the other day and used this chamois . great product and great quality . definitely what i needed to get the job done .
this tool , combined with a cordless drill , beats the heck out of the crank that came with the stabilizer jacks .
bright bulbs sure to light up the night as never before imagined with common halogen bulbs . a must do addition for any vehicle .
this was what i was looking for . i needed this to add mounting locations in our other vehicle for our ez-pass .
the ignition rotor is as advertised . it installed easily and does the job . i have no problem with recommending this product .
best stuff out there for your engine . do your car a favor and buy mobil 1 motor oil . that is all .
its a great time saver and so far it appears to work just fine . now , if it would come with a robot arm
pushing the filter into place was difficult due to the flimsy frame which was not still enough to push into position on 06 vw passat .
my seats are ten years old so i cleaned the and applied this product and it soaks into the leather but does not leave a film .
exact same filter they sell at walmart or an auto parts store . save the money and buy online isntead of paying more dollars for local purchase .
they seem to be ok just waiting to use them . i probably should test them and make sure they both work .
best cover for cost . fits both my goldwing and motoguzzi . i liked first so much i bought another to cover both bikes .
little small and skimpy but it gets the job done.costco towels are better imo for the money but i like the verity of colors .
these are a great replacement for a regular interior light bulb on several types of cars . much brighter than the oem bulb .
i wasn't sure if this would work because of the low price . they worked very well and easy to clean afterwards.at this price give it a try .
great size for any mechanics needs for bolts and other junk while working on vehicles . i like using these while working under a car on my creeper .
really great suction or pump ! ! ! just what i needed for my garage or tool . it comes in handy ! ! great price too
perfect mounts for my kc daylighters . created gasket to protect metal with bathtub liner . solid mount that i would buy again without question .
for all you vw guys getting wipers is expensive . this is the best value i can find anywhere . they work well and install easy .
works well and as intended . solved an issue we had with the factory hose being hard to line up with the invisible sewer outlet
this will save having to replace the battery as often . keeps the battery on full charge and ready go all the time .
i replaced the water pump so decided to replace the belts too ... perfect fit for 2002 escalade 5.3 l ... no more squeaking in the mornings ... nice
just as good as the super blue fluid , just not blue and thus , legal . container is easy to store and easy to pack .
sticker matches pictures , quality is high , not fuzzy . has double stick application so easy to apply . would recommend to a anyone
must have , perfect fit 2 minutes your done look really nice . this product should be on all jeeps straight from the factory .
easy to install and requires only removal of 2 screws . took about 15 minutes because i did it slow and easy
good quality , very bright , decent output . i use this in my fogs and high beams on my accord and output is awesome .
do you need a chrome oil filter ? of course not . do you want one ? of course you do , it looks nice .
good price and decent amount for small projects . would recommend to others and also recommend others to wear gloves when handling this .
how much can i say about an oil filter . fits my bike and price was good . no complaints . would buy again .
i recommend this . works well . if anything i wish i bought more.it is good to have a tube handy .
these work as advertisedwill eliminate the un easy highway hood flapping.these are much sturdier than the factory ones . easy to install
i use these in my vw golf tdi . does the job as good as any other for less cost .
looks and fits the same for a 2000 toyota sienna van . i ordered extra so i will not be without any at a later date .
bought this to use with a signal generator , and works great . does just what i need . will buy another if needed .
this stuff is super easy to apply ( just spray off and buff off ) , smells really good and leaves a great shine . highly recommended !
it does what it is supposed to do , that is to increase placement distance from the car to the electrical outlet
these seems seem to work just fine . they fit my tires well and are easy to put on and take off .
fits my battery operated 14v drill with ease . also grips the scissor jack nut tightly . not much else to say .
mann filters are always great , i don't buy anything else . this filter is currently working well on my 2007 z4 .
tight fit ! probably not need radiator clamps but used them anyway . works great on my rv . recommend it for all rv's
holds even plastic parts with easy but you really do have to let it set over night otherwise you will risk it not bonding or curing correctly
this works well for someone with a thick face and chin.sorry just trying to be honest before you buy.nice quality .
i am a detail nut and this product works well . dont use as a cleaner though but as a quick touch up shine . much better than meguiars .
much better quality and appearance than the ones you buy at the auto parts store.these look oem and look great
plug it in . easy to read . helped when i had an electrical problem with my brand new motor home .
not much i can add that hasn't been said , works great , tucks it out of the way and doesn't look gaudy .
these things actually work . they keep stuff secure and they are not just for use in the fridge . i would buy again .
the filter looks well constructed and was easy to install taking only a few minutes . even a caveman could do it right .
can't beat the price and they work great ! arrived on time and it worked as advertised .
i love the smell but the shine on my leather jacket doesn't last too long . i would say about 3 days to a week .
i use this stuff to shine the chrome on my motorcycle . i also like to use it to polish feed ramps on shootin irons .
well made . does what it is supposed to . hooks aren't the same as pictured , they're smaller , but for my purposes , that actually works better .
i chose to use the k & n filter because of the quality and the name . i use other k & n products on my truck .
bought it for hunting season and it works great . very comfortable and warm even in pretty low temperatures . definitely a future return customer .
very good quality blades . perfect for my 2003 toyota corolla . works as described ... there's nothing better . recommended to anyone that will love to try it
this is a must have for any rv owner . it is a good size and accurate . love this thing ! very well made .
this scraper is heavy duty tool and works great . the price is reasonable and i expect to get many years of use out of this tool .
i put these on my self ( 55 yr old woman ) so easy to install and they look great ! work great too !
wix filters are the best . they can be hard to find sometimes locally - amazon prime is the way to go .
this tire shine worked better than i expected . keeps my tires looking good for a long time .
led lights for plates work great , nice white glow for plates . you can see the plate better in the dark . nice and easy install .
the lights are easy to see in daytime . they seem to be well made . if anyone rear-ends my trailer it will be because they are blind .
i used one applicator and it did my entire car with no problem . i will be using these from now on .
there's nothing like them so i usually keep them and stay wary of them moving when they shouldn't or opposite of were i thought they would .
i like these light little brighter but it looks better thanks to youtube and instructions on how to replace lights hope they're going to last
the filter still gets a good rating by most automotive experts but it is no longer made in the usa and to me that's disappointing .
attaches easily to the shelf and holds the container in place , even a heavier pyrex dish . more secure than the tension bars .
i can't say enough about the quality and benefit of rain-x for treatment on my windshields . my cars and bikes love it .
bought this for our new rv bathroom . it looks good but won't stay where i put it even with the sticky tape .
this is really a cool looking addition to any tow hitch assembly.the good thing about this is that it is functional as well .
the leather conditioner is great , but the price is a bit high for the amount in the bottle i think .
i am a detaling nut and this wax over a top quality polish makes the car look loved !
good deal on this filter k & n is good and you can't find a better price .
installed on a trailgear front bumper on my tacoma with a winch from harbor freight . works just fine , no complaints . good fit .
this product is very useful in my car detailing business.very easy to clean with the removable mop head , also doesn't scratch your paint !
speed shine is a very good product . i've purchased a lot of products from griot's garage and they have good product throughout .
i wouldn't buy again , it works ok but not much difference from regular washer fluid . i won't buy again . cheers .
arrived promptly as promised . seems ok . just getting tired of everything coming from china . i think country of origin should be required in description .
worked well with my harbor freight da polisher . it's an excellent upgrade for that tool and i highly recommend it .
super easy to apply and remove . very forgiving when you get it on non painted surfaces .
cleans better than other soaps i have used , and it seems to require less for the same amount of suds .
fits my hi-lift . easy on easy off no rattle . it just works . would recommend if you have the jack .  .
cut my job of waxing a toyota highlander in half , compare to using an old tee shirt or a cheese cloth that i used to use
what more can you ask for in a filter ? seem to last more than 7500 miles.installed in a 2001 bmw 330xi .
i needed to manufacture a custom hitch and this was so much cheaper than anywhere else . i bought it and it worked flawlessly .
have not in stalled this yet , looks like it will also take care of the issue i had with the light .
daystar makes a great switch and locally they're twice the amazon price and sometimes more . quality construction puts these above the rest for the price point .
replaced very easy beings the old ones were the same maker . the old ones had yellowed and didn't look to good so two screws to replace was easy .
works as it should , but you need to start with a high quality pad ...
it filters oil and comes with the gasket and crush washer you need to change the oil
it works like it should . it is a level . what more can i say ? it a convenience to use it .
the equus 3320 auto-ranging digital multimeter i bought is a handy , reasonably priced meter for general use around the house or boat .
this compressor seems to be extremely well built . it's relatively quiet and inflates tires very fast . would highly recommend to anyone ! !
fantastic tool fits true to its size hex on top is 24mm you need a socket to make life easy its heavy and well made
these led lights are better quality than any i've purchased on amazon . they are very bright and i highly recommend them !
best grease money can buy ! reduces wear and saves you time and money . you don't have to apply grease as often .
works just like the nearly interchangable meguiar's . top notch stuff , everything it makes . these two the only brands i use .
very cheaply made product . it works but could be made with better quality product . probably wouldn't buy this product again
we have the hand crank , but we are adding this to a cordless drill . make the task a little quicker .
pros-easy install ( universal wrench ) - no leakage ( great seal ) - no as pricey as other below average brandscons - cannot come up with a single glitch
i purchased these to go with tire dressing products ; it works - what else can i say but a very satisfied customer .
i surveyed all market sewer hoses and the rhino extreme rated first overall in performance and cost . a valuable asset to all rv'ers .
works great , gets smoke or fog off windshield so i can really see now.product is made very good , two pads , wash one , use one .
works as well if not better than more expensive bars that come in kits . worked great with the turtlewax ice system .
very nice white beam . much more light to sides and near front than factory lights . excellent light pattern and sharp cutoff at top of beam .
changed a couple front struts on my car . sturdy and does the job well . recommend greasing the threads before first use .
piece of junk . took forever to inflate a normal car tire and broke after about 2 months . total waste of money .
this is a very good gauge for all the cars and trucks in my family which i take care of .
with grandchildren something always happens when going on trips long or short and this does the job - a great price
greesy , messy , doesn't spread evenly and attracts dirt . using it to shine my tires until its gone because its worthless for anything else .
i would definitely recommend this to anybody who is looking for a clean finish . it is definitely worth the price and hard work .
the meguiars polish is easy to use and a breeze to remove with x4014 microfibres ! i apply with meguiars da bugger
i have been using this for years , never have had to replace water pump , thermostat , or radiator . worth the money .
had a some noise coming from the belts on the z06 and this helped to cure one of those issues .
i dried my car almost completely ( scion tc ) before i had to squeeze water out of this towel . it really is a water magnet !
what junk , scratches way too easy and was scratched when i got them , threw away , dont waste your money is you ipe or wash your car .
hooked this up to the battery under my motorcycle seat making it really easy to connect to a trickle charger
wheel chocks are a must for every rver . this is of particular importance if you use the tri-leveler or other similar device .
this product leaves a nice smooth feel & shine . the price is right too . it applies easily , and works well on dark or light colors .
the p mount has a nice chrome finish and fits the handle bar well . allen wrench as pictured is missing ,
this product is designed for one use , and does it well . the convenience of a shank and socket combination make it very useful .
easy to read depth gauge , at a good price . rated this five stars because i like it and would recommend it .
this chamois works great . very absorbent and holds a lot of water . do not use anything else to wash your car .
i needed a hitch for my titan pickup and this one is heavy-duty and works perfectly . it's easily stowed away when not needed .
its so simple and easy to use . the website it comes with is great too ! i am glad i choose this over actron .
got them quickly and appear to be well made and easy to use compared to traditional stands . large base too .
these work very well if using a roof bag to keep it from sliding and keep the roof from getting marred up .
seems to be a quality product so far . like the fact that they aren't like a limp noodle that's hard to control
its good stuff but if you look around you can find clay for cheaper ! ! i will shop elsewhere from now on for clay ! !
i park my bikes in a large poly type shed that has a poly floor . these keep the flooring from getting damaged and work well .
it fit perfectly in my 03 ' eclipse with the rear view mirror map lights ! people always ask me how'd you get those lights to be so bright .
my old one broke and this one was a pefect fit replacement . just unscrewed the old one and used the new screws supplied .
nomally i'm not one for this stick-on stuff , but these look great , especially if you have grille inserts . fit my ' 10 rubicon perfect .
these bulbs work great and save a ton over stock replacements . these bulbs are a direct fit for my wife's clk 430 mercedes .
i purchased several different brands of microfiber towels and these were the least expensive but are the softest and most durable of the bunch .
this helped me keep things from moving around in my rv fridge as we motored down the road . this will not work on smooth surfaces---only the wire style .
this must be a good product , the ex kept it during the divorce . i have yet to need another yet but i would buy it again .
i didn't try it on many items , but i did try it on some interior trim and didn't see any difference .
so far , no problems . they make it easy to check pressures and add air if needed . i would buy again .
once camping season starts again , i will know how well it works , love the concept and cheaper than sewing one myself .
this is not what i ordered or even close . does not look the same in color shape or size . buyer beware
good windshield wiper for the price . not the bottom of the barrel . have lasted 6 months now with no problems . good price as well .
this ac delco fuel filter kit was just what i needed to replace the filter on my wife's truck . i bought more than one .
used these microfibers for clay barring , polishing , waxing and quick detailing . they work great and i would highly recommend them to anyone .
i have the little one and this one charges and gets to stable area quicker . i just like it better .
i use this at the track and every few days to check the pressures on my car . does exactly what it says it will and is highly accurate .
i have been using this since the mid 1970 ' s it really works . you will see better so you will feel more relaxed driving in the rain .
it does what it's supposed to do and the price is right so i would recommend it if you need to use pop rivets .
as i was ordering a lot of items just added . the rv tissue are all about the same ...
installed this on the rv in the bathroom . it has a medium sound level but moves lots of air . easy install once i got the wires run .
excellent construction , relatively quiet fan , blow's both ways and has a thermostat to turn off and on .. amazing , its very sturdy ,
powerful jet let me work in all directions in my black-water tank . . . compact enough to store in separate hose equipment container . . .
just like any other car high quality car wash but has lots of bubbles which i like . cleans your car very well . shines it up good !
i really liked the shine that it gave my tires ! no rubbing nor hard work involved ! just sprayed it on .
i bought this for my jeep and it is durable and is holding up great . very simple and takes a couple seconds to install
you gotta love these little guyz .. they just look so cool on what ever you hang them on ..
great wiper blades , not just for snow and ice work great for mud on the jeep . i run them all year around .
this is just like having a hand computer for auto in your hand to fix the problem with your automobile
these seem to be very good quality spreaders . i am going to buy another set to have on hand in case i need them .
this cargo net has an acceptable price and holds up well . i would not want to miss it and i gladly recommend it !
nice brush . does what it is made to do and cleanup is easy . which the handle was longer so i could get deeper into the drum .
these fit perfectly and are easy to use and keep your connector clean and dry when not in use . great buy .
holds water , sends the water towards the heater core , does not come with the thread dip , but no problem adding my own thread dope on it
don't put your engine life in jeopardy with the mfgr's brands or other well known ones . k & n out lasts them all in filtering performance
this filter was easy to install and fit perfectly . why pay three times the price to have someone else do it ?
works good , not anything to write home about . a good cheap solution to bumper caps falling off . buy 2 of them
bought this to attach to my car battery , and black and decker bm3b 6v & 12v charger . it plugs in nicely , and charges .
cover fits well with their screw . they should've sell it as package . nonetheless , perfect match and my car is now ad free .
nice fit , need after market aluminum hood latch from rugged ridge to eliminate hood shimmer from wind at high speeds ( highway )
worked great for a nice finish polish . removed all the swirls nicely with a combo using the m105 as my first step .
this is a well above average air storage tank , nice hose and carrying handle , vey compact but effective good buy for the price along with amazon prime .
thanks , just . as described and great price compared to local shops , , you have put nite lite into my dark nights , , ,
the tool worked great on the first set of pads . went to do the other side and the threaded rod broke loose from the knob . not recommended .
wow ! ! ! this is a must have for all owners for the honda generator . if you don't have one , go get one .
i use this on both my 2013 hyundai elantra gs and 2010 yamaha majesty . gives a nice shine and reflection .
i bought these for my new 5th wheel rv . they really keep my rv cooler and darker . the fit well .
these are nifty , using them with wheel gel and these are a great applicator
it stays on well and has no creases on it . also is same color as the seat fabric . worth the money
went on fairly well , no issues at all . had to buy the ball mount separately and it fit just fine .
way better than the other types of draw string pads . fits nice and does what it was intended to do .
we have used this product many times before and were very happy with the product.never had no other issues with this product .
the lock it self looks like a quality built . heavy and shiny . but sadly , it does not fit my 2004 honda vtx 1300c on either rotors .
not bad of towel . much better than the bulk price club towels . this is an upgrade to have for wax or polish
this is an improvement over the factory bulbs that came with my vehicle . while not a hid , it's better than stock .
better than the factory one and much cheaper fit perfect no issues at all will buy more in the future .
fits over the greenfield kickstand end without a hitch . no prob . i thought it would look a little geeky but its alright .
easy storage for those plastic grocery bags . have one in the travel trailer and home pantry . installs easily with double sided foam tape .
great item nice quality lasts a long timei like the way it goes on and is not very - greasy
it is easy to installed . it makes my car look really nice and fun . i love it and recommend it
this spark plug worked fine in my cheap chinese scooter , a 250 cc by shenko . exactly the same as i got at autozone earlier .
i have used them before and liked them so i needed more . they save time and are easy to use and do a fine job with liquid dressings .
ordered the hella h3 bulbs and recived them quicker than the promise date . nice . the bulbs are nice and bright and worth the money .
a bit pricey for plastic , but they fit and have not broken with serious use .. good buy .. no five stars due to price
it does what it is supposed to and the quality is not bad . i would recommend this to anyone . cop it
it is a harden 2 inch trailer ball . seems to be of decent quality . it was easy to mount and does the job .
they are good quality and alot easier than a flat level in the fridge for your rv . and easy to install
used as directed , the applicator does the job as described . no hard rubbing necessary , and spreads and even film over the tire .
these simple devices i've bought are holding up quite well ( 6-8 months ) will definitely buy again when the time comes'''yes i will ...
it is a shutoff , does what it is supposed to . camco 40003 rv water tank filler with shutoff valve . would buy again
this product has a great history of longevity and reliability.worth every dollar . a great product without question . i do wish the 12volt adapter was included ? ?
if you use a scan tool with live data readouts this is a must have . worked right out of the package and seems to be a quality item .
the products included in the kit are highly rated car care products . the variety of uses combined with the manufacturer's reputation make this kit a good value .
had some challenges at first as it never read due to a separater in the batteries . but so far so good after that glitch was sorted out .
not sure about the longevity of the leds . i put them on my motorcycle to add some accent lights . very nice glow that isn't overpowering .
this device works as advertised ... connects two sewer hoses in a way that i am no longer worried about a blow out .
shifts feel much smoother now with this oil , though the old oil was quite deteriorated . will wait to see how winter performance is with this oil .
good grease , seems very tacky and easy to use . its great , it works great , comes from a reputable company what more could you ask for
this product is obviously manmade but is equal to or better than any ' natural ' chamois i ever had . it's just marvelous .
wow , i had some bad spots on my seats and carpets that i could not get out with soap and water and this stuff really worked .
these are genuine toyota parts at a decent price . not much else to say about these . they are oil plug gaskets
well made . i like the quick disconnect harness that comes with this unit . brings battery to full charge and switches to maintenance level .
it's good for a peace of mind but i've yet to use it on really supple leather of a higher end vehicle .
this whole kit will make your car look showroom clean this is the only brand of car cleaner i use i highly recommend it to anyone
this was very easy to install and was done in less than 5 minutes . have not had a problem with it yet !
this is a great price for the cover and the filter . i paid less than $ 9 for both and they are oem replacement parts.great deal
nothing special , it is what it is . i would recommend it if this is what you need . quality product with good packaging .
save your money . cheap plastic stuff that wont work . it wont stay on the mirror it is supposed to attach to . falls off blows off .
have yet to use this but it seems well made . i purchased this along with smittybilt d-ring shackles and a tree saver and really like the quality .
better to have and not need than to have to ride to the parts house with the door panel off .
i love this stuff , no streaks , good clear , clean without a overwhelming odor . i highly recommend this to the weekend warrior or professional detail shop .
these came packaged great and they fit great on me . they are a great buy for the money and will be a good accessory for my motorcycle rides .
title says it all . this puller works well for what is is designed to do ... pull seals . good tool to have for your shop .
as others have written , the milton s506 gauge is the top-of-the-line tire gauge and well worth the few extra bucks . you won't regret buying this one .
i bought this in conjunction with spark plugs and anti seize and it worked great to dial in the plugs .
nice price for a lot of fuses . regular size . handy container . easy to keep in trunk . arrived within a week .
easy to mount and use . it is perfect for keeping your grease gun handy and much better than storing on a shelf .
very strong really like this product made very well much better than the cheaper ones dont have to worry about it over heating
this is very nice , we can plug into the cigarette lighter and have 4 ports for other electronics , just wish it had more than 1 usb port
if you need to extend your wiring for sharp turns this is both an easy and geat value way to do so .
had our trailer only one year and one of the baggage door catchs broke . thanks for having replacements available camco .
nothing like using a socket to remove / install your oil filter . that feature alone is why i use these k & n filters .
compared to $ 25.00 to $ 40.00 retail at a autoparts place this is a good deal and they work just as good as the more expensive ones .
big difference inside a car or truck with these led lights , makes reading a map or anything a lot easier .
pretty simple concept . it holds a flashlight with straps and velcro . easy to put in , just choose the bar you like .
these work great use them on my griots garage da with a 3 inch backing plate . great when applying wax
very good quality lock and pin combo.was a little concerned at first but this thing is tough as nails.very high quality
these covers are fantastic . not much else to say about them , they just cover up some propane tanks . you will not be unhappy with this item .
this is one of the best item i could buy . it looks good and it saves the step from damages .
had new wheels and tires put on and decided might as well get new tpms sensors , and these activated perfectly , no issues .
bought this for my 2004 honda crv . fit perfectly and cleared the code . easy to do just give the threads some wd40
item is what it is . arrived and looked perfect . pretty heavy duty . i expect it to work just fine when needed ..
no instructions quality ok , just too much work to put together hard to figure out the fit still have not used it
cheaper then some but dont be discouraged . works great on my honda pilot , far better then the rainx i replaced . im sold !
got it for my 330i 2006 perfect fit and also helped eliminating the moldy smell . easy install in less than 10 min .
not much to say , this is an oe gas cap . it fit as intended and i do not have any concerns .
works just like the originals . infiniti g37s came with ones that are nearly identical but these were a better value .
couldn't be happier with this purchase . perfect replacement and a very quality product . arrived on time and was packaged well .
these party light holders do the job but the eyelets will rust and leave a stain on your awning tube . i like the rubber holders better .
this should have posted the gauge for the wire which would help decide if it will work for you . i would recommend doing more research before purchasing .
i just installed this ( no problems there ) , so i can't judge their performance ; so far , so good .
simple and stay in place i keep sewer hose in bumper and stock caps fell out . bought on recommendation of a friend and they stay in place
can ' beat any other applicator for putting on leather conditioner and tire shine products . licking might work better , but that could be fatal . enough said .
this wax goes on so easily , and comes with minimum effort . i have a blue truck and it really adds a nice shine to the paint
great topper product , i love the way it flashes into the paint and leaves no streaks . this product is excellent for glass as well .
these are substantial and heavenly built . wide enough for heavy tires . have not used them yet . less mony than the metal checks available .
blacks out the skylight completely . also fits securely and keeps hot sun out in the day and helps keeps the rv warm in at night .
it pays to deal with amazon when you know your prices . this is a good wiper blade and fits better then oem .
ihaven't used it yet . i have been looking for something this size . they don't all have these features . i beleive it will serve my needs .
this is a great produce for polishing up those special auto rims . the job is made simple with this product and mothers mimi ball is a must .
works as good as advertised , sturdy and reliable . that is about all i have to say on this item , it works and it works well .
i am trying these this time . i have tried the sylvania ultra vision and they don't last . maybe a year ? which is unacceptible .
these lights are bright and i have replaced all the 194 bulbs in my truck that i can find will probably be ordering another batch .
perfect fit and protection for my rv tank water heater . make sure to check yours to prevent premature tank failure due to corrosion .
they work absolutely the nuts . i use them all the time to wipe down my vehicles after washing . quick and do a great job .
this towel is soft and absorbs plenty of water while drying . leaves streak free . easy to wring out . great product .
this is great for transfering gas , filling lawnmowers and oil , and the price is way below local sources . buy it .
used this for my 325ci and i didnt once hesitate being under the car . they are made just as good as the best brands .
well machined and very easy to mount on my 2013 jeep . had it installed in 20 minutes ! highly recommend this hitch !
i was in search on an inverter to power up laptops and dvd players for long car trips for the kid
arrived well packaged , on time , and in good order . it installed easily on me rv screen door , and provides good protection for the lower screen .
this holder solves my biggest problem . it is solid well made and at the right price . once you tighten it in the cup holder it stays put .
these filters and amsoil filers and amsoil oil are the best you can buy . royal purples oil not so much but the filters are great
received open box . looked like everything thrown in the box . neither lights worked . so all these good reviews trying again
these are a very strong plastic and they do their job well . hole molded in so you can tie them together to make it easier to pull them .
i bought this to replace a missing one in the back of my wife's car . it seems to be more sturdy than most included jacks . happy .
to impress an auto enthusiast takes some effort . this did wonders for my 25 year old mercedes that lives outside . literally smells like a new car .
i am too old to manually work all the jacks on my travel trailer and this makes it easy with a good drill ! !
the instructions preclude using this as a chock when hitching or unhitching so what is the point ? what a waste of money .
if you need a brush for your car carpet / interior this is the one to buy ! very sturdy !
this works great , helps keep you from sucking the hook in to you fairlead or winch . love it will buy again if needed .
fits well just the right angle to push the hose out of the way and into the opening to leave the storage area with out crimping .
this fits perfectly onto my scion 2006 xb . cheap . just did an oil and filter change . i would buy this again and reccomend this item .
i back my trailer in on a slight grade . and these leveling blocks are working great under the leveling jacks .
i used the one from craftsman an it doesnt work as well as this one . i recommend this to everyone
finally a bright enough led that is useful in our rv ! this appears to me to be equal to a small 40-60 watt incan bulb , very bright !
keeps all the grit out of my water.makes car detailing so much easier . i may just buy another one !
bought to change coil springs on a camaro they arived very well packaged i would say any one looking for a set to buy this set you wont be sorry
this works great for rinsing out the water heater when i'm winterizing the rv . you wouldn't believe how much stuff is in there until you flush it out .
i've been using red line products for years . this transmission oil is the only one you can safely use in classic british sports cars . highly recommended .
medium bristled brush is just right for my truck wheels , to get into the tight spots . soft enough not to scratch the finish .
generally more reliable than the new fl cans but has its problems too . sometime programming fails when updating or changing the firmware . otherwise once installed seems bulletproof
the clearcoat applied fine out of the can . it had an even appearance and dried to a nice , smooth finish .
if you wanna park in the same spot every time this is the product you need . buy it , you can't go wrong .
what is there to say ? comes with 5 for the spare . kind of sucks they never include a spare wheel key .
used this to get my washing machine closer to the wall and it worked perfectly . it is also a great price compared to other similar items out there .
this fits as a large would and was good quality . seems to have good construction and durable material . its a keeper .
good product to clean my car . fiber is nice and really cleans anything on the surface . also absorb water well .
royal purple has always been the go to fluids in my garage . i will never use another product besides royal purple .
a good quality product . it works as expected . the threads work great , which was our biggest concern . not a sloppy fit at all .
works great with the filter that i bought . better safe than sorry at some camp grounds . all brass an well made .
i have had one of these for years and loved it . my wife didn't know what it was so she thought it was old and garbage .
what more can you ask of a wiper blade ? it went on easily and did a perfect job of clearing the windshield .
love the quality here , this deflates our tires very quickly for trail use . i'd buy this again for sure , comes with a nice bag too .
bought these along with wheel brush for my car . these handle the difficult spots and those where the brake dust is more difficult to remove .
these are great filters , the hex nut makes them easy to remove unlike having to fumble with filter wrenches for traditional filters .
these are good general purpose wheel weights . the stick securely on the rim . i currently use them on my harley wheels .
does what it claims and priced competitively . seems very well made . can be adjusted ton fit most upholders so it won't flop around .
had a short that blew out both my fog lights . replaced easily with these hella's bulbs and work just fine .
i actually thought it was to be " the ultimate " and even though it is actually ok is not such an ultimate thing .
what can one say , test leads they work and they are priced right one recommendation is to sell a kit with an assortment of ends .
good strong brass bristles , well made , how many words do i need to say it's a good tool ! ... oh , 1 more lol
cant say how it works until / if i ever need to remove the o2 sensor i used it to install.if i ever run out i will buy more .
i've used yuasa's for years . best mc battery made . installed just like oem , starts right up . holds charge very well .
i use this when my car is still wet . it helps my drying time . i would recommend this to anybody ... plus it smells good !
its great ! my bike runs better then i thought it would . more smooth then ever before . i will buy again !
this fuse assortment is a much better deal than getting fuses at the auto parts store . i will certainly reorder when i run low on fuses again .
great kit to repair crack and tear . one kit can last for long time . i was able to fix two of my cars ' broken bumpers .
as with all " acdelco " products , they fit and work as expected for those of us who prefer oem parts and perform our own services .
this is a well built wheel chock . it's made out of thick plastic . i accidentally ran it over with my car . and it held up perfectly !
works great all you have to do is just spray it on and that's it , it foams up and lubes the seals .
easy to install and work great on my 08 rubi unlimited . purchased 2 pair . im very happy with this product ..
package contains 6 different sizes , and just used some this past weekend . they do what they say they will do .
i have not had an occasion to use this charger yet but i very much like the features and i hope that it performs as good as it looks .
use this with your cordless and your jacks will go up and down with ease . such a simple tool but so worth the price .
camco 43041 rv 15 ' sidewinder plastic sewer hose supportgood price and needed 2 of them to hook both dump stations together on our new camper .
i love this on my truck . the boys at the range like it to , so what more can you ask for ?
this product was exactly as described and works great . i charge two phones while on road trips and it works well !
this fits fine . cheaper than from the dealership . save some change when i did the oil change myself . relatively easy since the suv sits up high .
plugs right into the sae plug that comes out of my h-d motorcycle . too bad that noco requires it , but it works .
well i purchased these to save me money in replacement costs and the promise of saving some gas also , no issues
meets the factory specs for my 2003 vw passat . wish it would come in a slightly larger bottle since the car needs 4.5 quarts with a filter change .
just plug it in and turn the ignition to start . simply as that . no problems connecting with a chevrolet equinox or honda civic .
they work for the most part but they just look nice more than anything and they were cheap so it was a win !
it not just make the dash shine a lot it also cleans it , and the result stay for many days .
great towel . soaks up water better than any other towel i have . dries quickly . water wrings out easily . you won't go wrong buying it
this stuff works great ! you should use a little brush and lather it up then wipe it off . really cleans up the leather !
arrived as described and very fast . love my prime membership . unit is perfect for my truck and i replaced an older on with it .
works great and seems to be made very well , east to install and fits good ! clearly marked red pos . and black neg . lol
wix make great oil filters . if you'd like to read some good info on oil and filters ... google bob the oil guy . good stuff ! !
there is nothing wrong with this product . it is overpriced so i took off one star.installation is as expected
very tough and durable product . i sent mine back and downgraded to the 1/2 because the 3/4 would not fit like i expected .
great switch , nice metal bracket , nice rubber parts , but a little pricy ! i'd still buy it again as it was exactly what i needed .
puts out a great spread from a foam gun or cannon with just 2 oz per wash ; doesn't strip away any sealant or wax so far .
ok yes i know this should keep everything in place and tight but doesn't look very tight and it has lots of play in it not my time
they were easy to install and worked great to stabilize my trailer . i would recommend these for any trailer they worked great on mine ...
these are fun goggles and look good . i have been seeing more and more people wearing these . i cant say they work to well with helmets .
i really don't know why you would buy the more expensive versions . this thing is an excellent tool . i flush three times and my gauges are clear .
great product , heavy duty construction . easy to install and look great . the powder coating looks like it will last a while
so i recommend this to clean your tires , but it will strip the wax coating off the rims and leave the rims really dry ...
we bought a used trailer that was missing just one of these screens . this screen matched the other one exactly . fit perfectly .
this is a must have if you own an rv with manual stab jacks . this makes it fast and easy . seems very durable and will last forever .
i absolutely love this item for keeping my phone charged while riding or parked at charity events . very useful & would definitely recommend !
love these . they actually make the " black water " black . when dumping with a clear elbow , it's a bit more pleasant .
this fit my 2007 jeep grand cherokee v6 . price was great when i purchased . can't beat having car parts shipped to your door for free .
i have these in my 2003 tahoe for 3yrs & still working good.has a nice white light.bought both high & high low .
i've experienced what happens when items move around in your refrigerator and i highly recommend getting a couple of these .
they keep the contacts clean and lubricated however they are both the same and not a matched pair for vehicle and trailer .
my clock light was out in my 2001 honda accord , and this was a perfect replacement . easy to replace and looks like oem .
i will most certainly buy again , just have to run out first . this stuff is incredible at cleaning anything related with the motorcycle .
i have a cleaning company and use alot of microfiber towels , and this stuff gets them back to a new loom and feel .
i double checked the measurements over a variety of tires and pressures and it reads the same as a friend's really expensive racing pressure checker
this wax goes on smoothly and comes off even smoother . makes waxing your car a little bit less stressful . best wax i have ever used .
very fast acting cleaner . gets out stains that have been in my floor mats for a long time . griot's garage knows their stuff .
perfect fit for an 04 camry . very well constructed . the air flow on the camry is down , so the arrow points down .
funny how inexpensive this is vs other brands . it does take a little while to heat up but purely awesome for the price .
i will keep this in my box of goodies for those situations when i need a longer hose . the rhino hoses are the best i've found .
keep this tow point on my rubicon all the time . easy to put recovery strap on the shackle and don't have to worry about it coming unhooked .
good solid unit , it is a light duty adapter so don't use for more than fuse size that came with it .
i have always used this filter on my multiple different motorcycles and never had any issues . great oil filter ! thank you !
i'm 260 . i haven't broken this after 6 months of weekend use . for the money spent , very happy . above average wheels and castors
worked amazingly ! had no trouble what so ever doing any of it , just make sure you have a power drill .
they are very soft and absorbent and so far are staying that way after washing them a few times . they are a decent size too .
this fit my 2011 jeep wrangler 2 door rubicon perfectly . it provides nice padding , protection , plus i think it looks really nice !
perfect replacement for fog light bulb . easy install . note that the philips 9006 bulb is not a replacement for the fog light .
the tjl doesn't have much grab assist for folks getting in and out of the back seat - especially with the top on . this fits the bill nicely .
this is a great product . you can see exactly what goes thru it and will know when the tanks are clean .
it does a good job of cleaning easy to use make the car come clean and is easy to clean up
this item is working just fine and is really usfull in finding out what is going on with the battery and solar panel . great service also .
this cap was a replacement for one that no longer wanted to travel with us ( i left it at dump station ) it fit perfect as expected .
these lamps have many uses in car lighting applications and are just plug and play and really cheap as most leds are .
good lights no problem would buy these again for my truck if the other went out cheap bulbs all led
works as described . it helps keep the trailer level at the front end with less sway . easy on and easy off . definitely an improvement .
perfict fit and just took a couple min to install . oem typ product with quality material . lock the look and proteection
i got them to replace some dashboard lights that went out on my honda accord , and they fit the bill .
wiper fit the rear window of my 2007 jeep grand cherokee . easy install . the wiper quality is excellent . i've been using it for over 1.5 years .
a perfect item if you need two 12vdc outlets while on the road and traveling . works as described with no issues so far .
price was exactly right for this product . i bought them for my husband and he was pleased with the quality .
if you have to hand crank your sizzor jacks you need one of these . it is easy to work with and makes leveling a trailer quick and easy .
unit is fairly large . has all the bells ans whistles . haven't had a chance to use it yet , but i expect no problems .
these wheel chock work as advertised and they sell at a pretty good price . if i needed more , i would buy those again .
good study quality plastic , just as i would expect . tabs don't feel flimsy and i don't anticipate any issues . i hope the swivels never leak .
heavy duty wire and high quality quick connect and pins . these work like a champ . i have ordered many of due to the quality of the units .
what else can i say ? it is doa . tried with gps , tried with phone , tried different cables and didn't work .
i welded a piece of flat stock on the insert for the motorhome . this adapter is for my dodge grand caravan .
i have two battery tenders plus a solar battery tender panel . all are quality items , and do their jobs well .
i am impressed with the quality of this jack and set . very easy to use and i recommend to anyone .
used in 2002 ford econoline vanity mirror lights , super bright and white . use with confidence , better price than any auto store
i did hook this up to my car battery , left it on for a few days and when i checked on it , it wasn't working nooo mooore
i prefer philips brand when you are getting new headlight bulb if you want them more brighter , silver star burns out to fast compare to a philip brand .
new vette has carbon flash metalic in several places . wanted to match the color on some small part .. works fine
i highly recommend this , even though it does not have the most pleasant smell . this protects trim from uv damage while keeping a nice classy shine .
nothing special than the any scratch removal . only works for light scratch that doesn't catch by your nail . a little price for it's function .
it does what it is supposed to do ! it keeps the milk from tipping , and keeps stuff from sliding around .
i bought this to help with when i wax the car . i like the micro fiber fabric alot better than anything else i have used in the past .
i keep it in the saddle bags in case i need it.hope it will do what i need when put to use.stored in the unopened package for future needs .
this is a product is made of high quality fasteners and nuts and includes the hex key wrench for installation . great valuie .
fairly easy to drive up onto . wish they were an inch wider but it's not an issue as i think other ramps are the same width .
this scanner works like they say it does . it cleared a code off of my vw jetta easily . great price .
this filter was easy to install and fit well . even a caveman could do it . much cheaper than having a dealer do it .
these tire irons worked great . i've replaced several sport bike tires with this set and a little elbow grease . nifty .
this works great . female can put it on and off . the water comes out great when your at a campground that only has gray water hookup .
good product for the car care enthusiastin your life . nice price and they work well and wash up easy enough , too .
i really like this wheel wax and does a good job of keeping dirt from sticking to the wheels and when applying it there is a great smell .
this is a good wiper but there are others just as good that look better and last as long . look at the trico teflon .
you cannot go wrong with the brand ; they are pre-gapped accurately and always burn cleanly and last a long time .
product goes on and off relatively easy but only time will tell if it's a once a year polish . have to wait and see .
daystar makes nice switches and amazon's price is hard to beat anywhere else . fit and finish is hard to beat too .
works great . glad i bought it . using this with a battery tender on a portable device and have been happy with it . rugged too .
i'm not a pro , but i can tell the engine is smooter , no smoke and it is still running . no complain from here .
i have at present two coaches and have had to do the line blowing out thing on them both and am very glad i bought this handy little item
we purchased one and used this in our new trailer . it was easy to attach to the wall and looks great .
very nice addition to my car . i bolted it directly to the inside of my driver's side door so it's easily found .
great value vs . buying a few at a time . i know i will use them but it may take 20-30 years . i would recommend .
nice size to keep in my truck with a microfiber towel for whenever i happen to visit a car wash . does not scratch and removes water with ease
this keeps taller items in my rvs fridge secure as we are going down the road ! ! no more crying over spilled milk !
i was really hoping that these would put out some good light , but i found them to provide less light than the originals .
love this thing . cheap and cool looking . just wish the rubber cover stayed on better . not big enough of an issue to loose a star .
i was actually able to screw this rod into my rv water heater . never was ableto get the plastic one in correctly that it did not leak !
i bought this to mount and balance tires on a 05 cbr 600rr and they seem to work well would deff buy again 98
i have this on my 27ft tt . it fits the latch nice and secure . i would reccomend this to anyone needed a little protection .
well for the time being they were very bright and would buy again which i will be since mine were stolen .
i needed a replacement and this was advertised as heavy duty ; not sure it is the best you can buy but it works for intended purpose .
this came as described and shipped quickly . good viscosity and easy to use it appears this will work well for assembly lube for my motor .
yep , it works good . be sure you put it where you want it the first time , because it stick real good ! ! !
these will light up every thing behind you , a lot brighter than the factory lights , big difference when you are backing up .
used this without issues . it's somewhat flexible but not too much so , and did a nice job helping to sand some major scratches with 1000 grit wet sandpaper
this is an easy to install , well made product that runs smooth and doesn't make any noise . what's not to love about that ?
these chains work great , easy to install and grip so good on ice and snow in the high country of colorado ...
works great and seems well built . i will buy again if needed be . i'm using it with my 2011 yamaha grizzly 700
replacing air filters are so easy to do that even a neanderthal could do it . why pay them big bucks ?
it works , looks sturdy , long enough to extend thru out my car , came super fast and priced just rite . i would recommend .
this thing didn't fit into my 2006 honda civic . it's supposed to , but the frame was not trimmed correctly . the build quality is poor .
i can now breathe fresh air in my 03 grand cherokee . i am glad that my lungs are taken care of . i am batman .
i loved these for my honda odyssey minivan . easy to use and install . very well built . i would easily recommend these !
they apear to be well made and they are packaged well . haven't used them as of this date . i will leave another review when i use them .
works great to polish all sorts og goods , and easy to bring back old chrome , alum , and make pretty again
well designed and very good quality . improves ease of entering and exiting our wrangler and was easy to install . even the mother-in-law appreciates the addition 
easy to install fits nicely on the jeep looks great . i really like how great it looks on the vehicle
if you have the rechargable air filter , this is a must to clean and re-oil the filter . imho you can't go wrong with k & n products .
arrived promptly . quick , simple installation . module has two available configurations . nice to have an attention getter to help drivers see you on your motorcycle .
very high quality with heavy duty strength rating . my only complaint is the rubber cover on keylock seems flimsy and comes loose .
if you have a camper water heater like mine its almost impossible to get a wrench on the drain plug . this solves the problem .
this product works as advertised . they work well in sand , dirt and on pavement . you can't beat the price either . i highly recommend this product .
easy install . this should be stock on all rams . makes 100 % easier when your hands are full . tailgate lowers slowly .
excellent product and a nice accessory for any jeep with a receiver hitch . easy to install and fits perfectly . would recommend .
appears to be made well and designed to hold quite a bit , would reccomend to others to purchase.should last pretty much forever .
great cutoff switch , works as described . no instructions , but doesn't need any . i go with putting on the ground side . works fine and easily .
i always use k & n filters for my motorcycles . the nut on the end makes getting them off a lot easier .
these are nice and bright , however , they do not seem overly " white " and still appear fairly yellow when compared to other incandescent headlamps .
i like meguiars products , they are good value and this leather spray is great . no white residue like the other leather cleaner .
it works but the fittings won't fit inside my 4 " square bumper . the valterra brand does fit . so there . ~ pegleg ~
easy install and adds some serious depth and look to the front end . definitely recommend this product to anyone !
good quality and shipped fast . fits my 2009 jeep wrangler . fit great in my jeep and just the right length and fit into the hitch .
easy to install , small footprint and saves cabinet space . very practical and functional and i really like the straightforward , easy access .
this part really does make it easier to see when the tank is good and clean . i would recommend to others
this is a great idea , but the one i received had several pinhole leaks . not just seepage , but small jets of water from bad casting .
reasonably priced and very bright white . easy to install and looks good . will see how it holds up over time .
great item . who would of thought that 2 tennis balls could help you with aligning your vehicle with the tongue of the rv ?
love ' mothers ' products . i have not used this product yet . it is winter time and need to wait until spring
this stuff works great and wow , when you pay $ 1.00 in the auto store for a little squirt , this is a tremendous deal ! !
this product is added to the black tank only when we are traveling in an attempt to control the " morning startup slosh odors .
great product for the money . easy to install and looks / functions great ! just needed an impact wrench to secure it to the vehicle
used only a few times so far but it seems to have sufficient power . would i buy it again ? yes .
this simple , inexpensive , and important device will keep the fresh water inlet on your rv clean and sanitary.good quality .
ive used this tool several times with no issues . it holds very firmly and feels very solid . so far , so good !
this is cheap insurace for an expensive trailer . this is easy to use and i prefer it to the masterlock .
anything that takes some noise away from me is ok . i would like more photos of the jack working in different situations but that's life .
nicely made and fits my hjc cl - 16 helmet perfectly . for cold weather use , you might want some type of anti-fog insert also .
this charger works perfectly and is just what i needed to keep my bmw battery topped off for it doesn't get driven much .
really like this wash . has a very sweet smell like candy . truck came out looking great and water sheened right off .
heavy grade plastic i just don't like how they look on my jeep took them out and took the loss . live and learn
easy fit ... just cut on the line and it drops right in ... so far it has held up again the golf clubs and the bullmastiff ...
ok warm weather motorcycle or automobile driving gloves . would prefer softer leather but good value for the money . for the cost i'd buy them again .
i use these gloves for the colder weather riding . they are well worth the money and fit well . i may buy another pair .
installing these after using the stock bulbs , there was a clear difference in brightness at night . good price too , compared to the auto store .
changed over my interior lights in my truck to all leds and these are super bright ! love how they look and great quality .
just installed it on my camper . works great and installs easy . holds plenty of bags . a must for an rv or camper .
these work great to keep the stuff on the shelves in the refer or in the cabinets . a must buy .
very good quality and easy to use . a must for all campers and rv's . i like the filter in it also .
easy to put on and take off helment with the bulkiest gloves when using these quick release devices . like a seat belt snap , fast and easy !
i got it over 3 years ago for my honda fit . it's 2014 and it's still in perfect shape and working
i just hope i never need to use it . just in case i purchased one for every car . all three of them .
fit my ' 09 sentra 2.0 perfect , you can always count on wix . i routinely run them 10k each oil change .
gently cleans without scratching your wheel . make sure to wash the bristles after each wash so the residue is removed .
i received my order quickly and was pleased with the results i got from the product .
hard to find a cap like this . purchased for rv and installed very easy . works better than original . great find .
easy to install and they add a nice touch to the jeep . i would buy them again without any hesitation .
came as they were expected nice quality not as bright as i thought they would be had to order another product
came quick , looks great , will come in handy for my winch when i get stuck next time i'm out four wheeling .
these extension cables by battery tender are perfect for hooking up solar chargers to controllers with these connectors . got to love em .
have several of these now , and i love them all . they are well priced and do exactly as described . perfect little meter .
this product required two or more applications to get good coverage . not what i expected from a meguiar's product , chemical guys has a better product .
great filter cant beat it for the money .. stay away from fram filters def recomment all purolator products for sure
bosch wiper blade seems to be the best wiper blade i have purchased so far , no noise clean sweep the first time , works great !
i have always used royal purple products in all my cars and never any issue with any of my cars from hot rods to new cars .
price was attractive but very poor quality construction material . i have not use because i am afraid it collapsed under high presion .
probably the brightest lights that are street legal in my area for non-oem replacement bulbs . much brighter than the higher cost lights of the competitors .
i ordered these for my husband however they will not fit his hands , they are too small , and you don't make them any bigger than these .
great stuff for both grey tanks - put one tab in the galley and bath tanks - nice and fresh now !
great product . am able to charge all of my toys along with using the usb port . i have affixed it to the side and works very well .
got these for $ 25 shipped , and they look good . can't understand why chrysler does not include these from the factory .
marginally brighter than standard headlamps - waiting to see if these burn out quickly as other reviewers warn .
these are great wipers and go on in a snap ! very good workmanship and great in the rain ! love the spineless design !
it pulls the wiper arm off without scratching the paint , it is much better than trying to pry it off .
helps stabilize the step but think i should get another one to offset the other side of the step . works good and fit nicely . arrived on time .
exact fit , no issues . two sided tape holds the step units in place with no issues . peel , stick , press , done .
fits for my honda 2005 lx.comes with instruction that have pictures . i have to write more to finish this review .
my honda crv shifts more better , smoother , i highly recommend this product to all who needs diy atf change on their japanese car .
fit just right . the index was correct for this one . i have excellent performance from these belts . best belts around .
this gauge works easily and quite well . it remembers the pressure until you turn it off . very enjoyable irreverent opera book .
product was just as described a prefect fit easy to install a lot cheaper than part stores would buy this prouct again
great idea but once i got them i hated the look and then took them off oh well it is what it is !
personally i love the spray can vs other bottle . have used this set for years and i love it.sometimes i worry about it being too wet ..
easy to read ; light and portable ; very nice durable case . can be set to remember the correct pressure . highly recommended .
they only fit around a standard thickness roll bar not the newer jeep arrangement with the plastic cover shroud of the late models .
it arrived in a timely fashion and it was a good deal . what's better than that ? wix make a nice product .
i use it to make sure my fridge is level in my rv . i like the bigger size easier to see .
got this for my wife's odyssey . easy install and never need to buy another filter , just clean this one . runs well .
total time saver . never leave home without it sorta deal . once you have one , you'll wonder how you did without .
the filter came very quickly along with the royal purple synthetic oil . it fit perfectly with no leaks . it has met all expectations so far .
i use this wax on my ducati 1199 and works awesome , now although its just a shine enhancer i put this on the top of jet seal 109 !
i installed 2 of them to my mitsubishi eclipse 03 . one in the glove box and one in the cubby hole / storage .
permatex 81343 anti-seize lubricant , 1 oz . tube = = > great stuff and works really well on my auto work or vehicles . thank you very much !
works very well and is easy to work with . make sure you use gloves because you will get splinters in your hands if you don't .
neat that it aslo does tire wear , but it can range quite abit depending on what point you take the reading from or how you hold the unit .
i bought this for our winegard carry out satellite dome . hooked it up and it works just like it should . no complaints so far .
if you don't have the best clay kit , then you're missing out on a big part of detailing . this stuff smells great , too !
excellent product recommended by everyone . this tube will last a long time . i ordered it to install my spark plugs and they went in with ease .
these guards really are good to protect sill . i would rather replace the guard than a sill . worth the cost
mothers polish bought back the depth in my shine . used all 3 steps to make my car look new again
these work great in my car . small enough to fit the cramped spaces the incandescent bulbs are meant for and they look great .
the wheel chocks are perfect when used with the tri-lynx leveler blocks . they fit together like a puzzle , holding them in place very well .
love the product , just wished i had gotten it earlier , i would recommend it to anyone wanting to replace the fastener on your vehicle
connect it to your battery tender , and it works perfectly to charge your devices . i charge an iphone 4s with it .
will work great for what i bought it for.haven ' t used it yet and will post if it turns out to be a pos .
they worked very well in some loose gravel that i have here in my space . bent a little but they all survived well .
this does it's job like it should . although it is different than it's little brother the three and a half one .
this gauge is top notch very good quality feels good in hand should last a long time as long as you dont run it over .. ha
this flashcal does what its suppose to and is upgradable to a superflash for 179.99 via internet . 5 stars for me !
real workhorse towels , thick & heavy duty , great for hand buffing or use with a quick detailing spray ! can't have too many on hand .
i have not used this either but i am sure it will do the job its made for . i love arb and the quality is there .
very easy to install , and finishes off the door entry on my jeep jk . seem very durable , and will save the paint .
well i topped off power steering fluid and i'm sure honda fluid will do a exceptional job now and in the future
just spray on and wipe off , i don't have to worry about loosing the wax protection . i use this on my 05 bmw m3 .
a little disappointed . did not work as well as the chrome wheel cleaner .
simply works as described . kept my battery tended all winter . long cords are nice . seems rugged . it's all i need !
easy to use , quality oem fluid . no mixing with distilled water necessary which is nice .
great stuff ! gets rid of odor takes a little too long to arrive but i knew that when i ordered it .
if you are changing batteries or doing maintenance that requires you to disconnect the battery this can be used with your ctech charger to prevent losing all your settings .
the standard which all else are judged . not as good as mean green but alot cheaper and readily available .
ok towels .. but not as absorbent as everyone is saying ... i'm not really wowed with them ehhh . whatever . win some lose some .
just what i needed . i need one more for my scooter . batteries need maintenance during winter here . long winters in pa
like that it came in a bag and convenient.appears to be good product . we have used this product before and were happy .
have used this product in the past and were very happy with the product.its a necessity when you need a perfect connection and no leaks .
like most products from meguiars this spray works well . their nxt wax is a good product to compliment it .
these are perfect replacement bulbs . you can't go wrong . and for the price you should get two ... i understand it's recommeneded anyway .
best price xj trunk arms there are . they work , there cheap , and don't make any noise that are perfect for my xj .
as advertised , more light , everywhere . you need these in your jeep wrangler , ditch those puny stock bulbs and blaze a trail into the darkness .
hey , it does what it is suppose to do . size , weight , air gauge is all good . would do it over again.larry
easy to remove and install bike tirecome with a pair , i think last for evergood to have in your garage
it's a very nice wash mitt . i've never got any before it cleans well and does a good job . i love it ;d
i bought this to compare to my favorite one . i can't see any differance ? so give it a try . costs a little less too . sw
great little charger for motorcycle batteries . it's lightweight , easy to use and nicely labeled and lights for all info necessary charging guidelines .
works great . with multiple cars and multiple motorcycles , i'm always checking the tire pressures . this one is accurate and easy to use
wiper blade for car . great product . definitely as described . highly recommend . needed new blades and these are the ones that i picked .
i had ordered the plastic ones , one was to long and the other while the right size , friends said to get the metal ones .
fitment was about right and quality just as good as oem . good replacement part for your bmw without paying a premium price
the covers pop off and are worthless . don't buy this junk ! looks great when you install but the covers won't stay on when the car is moving .
battery tender terminal harness - makes connections simple & fast ... definitely recommend to others . would buy again & again & again .
this clamp was larger than what i needed . but was able to modify it to work on my m otorcycle , thanks ..
very thin material . not very warm at all .. barley breaks the wind and on a cold day is pretty much useless .. not for winter sports
these things are awesome . i've used them lots.slide the cable through and tighten down and apply some spray lube with a nozzle .
love this thing - the led's are a simple verification and the device seems to fit snug and secure in the socket
i love these bulbs . they do appear brighter and enable better vision.at the same time , other drivers are not blinded and flashing their lights at us .
keeps my car clean ! love this stuff , won't wash my car with anything but meguiar products . use around 4 cap fulls of this and you're good !
great quality but the lights are too yellow . switch to hid so these are now being used as fog lights .
i'm still using them after four years . definitely worth the money . give it a try and you won't use conventional wipers any more .
i bought this to use with the torque app on my phone . works well , have not had any issues with it at all .
good storage pockets lined with a felt like material that keeps your glasses protected . would def recommend this to anyone .
these are great . simple to install and came with all the needed parts . took about 10 minutes to install.they also look great .
removes tarnish and oxidation , can be used with buffers and polishersprovides lasting protective coatingthis product is much less expensive than simichrome.am
seems to work well on my battery , easy to use and compact . permatex is a good company and i have no qualms about using their products .
i chose this product because of its rated quality . the price was right , and well made and user friendly . i would recommend this to anyone .
... if you have an rv . could prevent a real live disaster . sturdy and easy to use , would definitely buy again .
works great to shine your car . no lint residue ... i use it to buff streaks in my black car after washing it .
a must have for a auto detailer gets into all the nooks and crannys of any car with ease 5 star rating
reaches the back plug on my ford ranger with little trouble . simple , straightforward tool for every tinkerer's garage . happy to see it's made in this country .
i have used these belts on every vehicle i own and will never use another ! quiet , rigid and priced right !
like stated with the other pads i have bought for my meguiars da polisher i get a great shine after using these pads . no complaints what so ever .
grabbed this as an add-on . nice mitt , although it didn't feel like i thought it would . used it today , works great . would buy again .
item works as described , saves crooks from sealing your gas . key works smoothly in cap and with a turn its uocked
does a great job of covering the wheels and keeping dirt off of the tires and protects them from exposure to the sun .
bought product to try on mirrors and bumpers and mud flaps a friend said ot is amazing stuff we will see
it is hard to apply films your self . might be better to let the professional do it . i gave up after while
mitt holds lots of water and both sides can be used as it is a flat style with cuff .
been using fumoto valves for over 30 years . they work , have never leaked a drop and make oil changes a breeze .
they work fine under the step to our rv.it keep the rv from moving when you step up to go in .
mine was ripped this goes great with my rv fits like a glove since it adjustable it will fit about any size tire
exactly works as stated . though i use it only in winter months . in texas summers you would not need it . :)
this little guy is a must have . i used it to force out my old brake fluid when i changed my brakes . worked like a charm .
fast & easy to install and worked perfect when connected to my tekonsha p3 ! ! so glad i went ahead and purchased this ! !
very bright in my car but they are a little loose of a fit . the stock ones didnt come to a point like these ones do .
perfect receiver hitch for jeep . quality product . easy to install and made of high quality steel . perfect fit . highly recommend
the tire gauge works really well . the readings are consistent . it's come in really handy especially now during the winter .
calipers look amazing . easy to use . applied 3 coats and still have more than 3/4 of the paint left . check out my photo .
lets just say i havn't been rear ended yet . thinking of putting one on my dualsport as well . works well and is easy to install .
these filters are made by a well-known manufacturer and have great quality , but the price is lower than buying the manufacturers equivalent name brand . excellent quality .
the bristles are not as stiff as i had expected for a detailing brush .
it does the job . i liked this charger so much i bought another for a second location and access for other family members .
this told me what was wrong so the dodge dealer could not lie to me . they fixed the problem under warrenty .
finish off the door area on the jeep should come from the factory , however these are easy to install , nice looking and made with quality material .
exactly as described . super easy installation . material is durable and appears color fast . i am very satisfied with this product .
it fits well and now i am not worried about getting grease on my leg as much . it serves the purpose .
works , repaired my tire with the new valve , the tool is must have if you use the slime tire sealant .
works fine , if the fitment is correct.quality material and workmanship.nothing special and nothing fancy , simply great value
great for working with metals and woods if you want a real fine and smooth finish . so get some and get sanding .
call to duty fan , just my way of having fun and to start a conversation with others for the love of all games with zombies .
the wife loves this for our 29 ft travel trailer . adds to the counter space and the no slip backing is terrific .
i've said this before about this stuff i like most of there products there easy to use and they work well .
basically what you expect out of a good microfiber cloth.used 4 of these to remove wax from my car and they did a great job
these are not very bright they barely light up the cab probably wouldn't buy again . must have measured the brightness real close .
i purchased these for a co-worker who need bulbs for his truck . he didn't give me any complaints so i assumed he was happy with them .
i like fram air filters ( not oil ones ) and this one is cheaper on amazon and delivered right to my door !
needed to order one smaller item to get free shipping , and have a motorcycle that will need an oil change soon , so it fit both needs
very high quality microfiber towels for car detailing ! great for drying after a wash , removal of wax or the application of detailing products .
these are strong safety cables . the coil keeps them from getting tangled up in everything . i will buy more of them
this gives me the ability to charge to vehicles at the same time because of the distance from the charger
i got these in delivery and found they work very well and i did sell my scooter so never did get my moneys worth
not great but ok i thought they would would be better , plastic frames won't hold up in cold weather !
these lights really light up the interior of our pilot , everyone that rides in our car has decided they have to get some too .
does the job ... helps remove stubborn rad . hoses . makes the job that much easier . a must have for the do it yourselfer
it has efficient design and contours and weight to fit the hand quite well . but the best part is that it works .
love the filter ! nice heavy design knowing it's full of sturdy , quality components offering up the best possible protection for my engine .
bought to place on all corners of my trailer and it definitely is very accurate compaired to my straight level
just as describes and my husband loved it . he was able to get the job done in no time thanks to this product !
has my ' 10 mini cooper shifting like butter even in single digit temps . i've never beendisappointed in a redline product .
the leds died on this item but it still charges . i will investigate the warranty and get back here . purchased thru amazon fulfilled by hrpworld.com
upgraded my interior bulbs to these and they are bright ! ! would recommend everyone to upgrade to led interior bulbs ! ! they are great !
they look great , very functional for clumsy people like myself , and very easy to install . yet another great , cheap mod !
gets the job done . i have used this on my camper and friends and it really blows the gunk out of the hot water heater
stays in place . looks good especially since the hitch is curt brand also !
made my steering wheel turn smooth.flushed my 08 bmw 328i at 80k . old fluid came out pitch black and this new fluid is pink .
im meguiar's fan and this product is amazing . my tires got so black that i never had seen it before .
gerat lights - bright , inexpensive compared to the originals too ! wouldn't hesitate buying more led's for my interior and fog lights .
i don't trust my car tire meter . it gives you round # ' s and you never really know ... this is easy and accurate . highly recommend
alround great brush . good for all parts of the car that can be hard to clean with a sponge / mitt . especially good on grill and wheels .
this works great . installed on wall next to stove . much better than bouncing around in the silverware drawer . easy to pick the right knife .
used this kit to apply frosted privacy film to a few windows in my house . made the installation extremely easy . would buy again for similar products .
redline sells two different products , make sure you get the right one for your transmission . a very good product at a good price .
these are good quality cloths by meguiar's . i believe my next set will be to try the cobra brand so i have different colors for different purposes .
fit car as advertised . quality seemed good overall . have not had any issues since with air flow or any odd smells .
this is a product that has been needed for motorcycles for years . works great when another charger is needed . good value .
havent had to use this base but i glad i have on hand for 4 wheeling if you have a hi lift jack you should have this as well
great tool to have for stubborn filters . great starting tool for a new general service tech . really good for subaru's
if you have a german vehicle then mann is the choice . perfect fit , excellent construction and very good price on ebay . comes with everything you need .
they work well . but way over priced , for what they are . it's all profit ! butthey work , an i can't find one for less . sw
its way better than the stuff you get in any auto zone or advanced auto everyone needs to use thus on there uv beaten stuff
i put these in my high mount brake light on my truck and was actually surprised how bright they are in day and night .
used this stuff to clean my carpet on my 2006 jeep tj worked great on carpet and upholstery . cleans and brighten seats . mothers is the best .
what a great idea . no more mud daubers or any other insects . not visible from the outside and very easy to install .
my friend used my tool on his 2004 f - 150 which broke 6 of the 8 plugs but the kit worked flawlessly ! !
these appear to be quality , and perform as expected for leads . no issues , and price is right . a lot cheaper than the leading brand's leads .
also after ordering friends said metals ones are better so i ordered those and they work great .
this thing works great and getting it on amazon was a few dollars cheaper than in the stores near me . i will buy more when i need them .
easy to use . sleeve slid into my grease gun easily , delivered into the drive shafts with ease . will definitely buy again .
powerball works great . attached it my 18v cordless drill and took the scratches right out of my hood . cleans easily too , like a sponge
i bought this for its ease of storage in my jeep and it works extremely well at breaking bolts free
we use k & n filters in our jet ski . having the nut welded on the end really helps removal in the tight confines of the engine compartment .
camco rv wheel covers fit great , have a easy sizing chart to use for ordering . i would recommend them and buy again .
great product . just to confirm its quality i asked a very well known detail shop what they use and it was lexol
works , fits , easy to install , reasonable price , pre-oiled . not a whole lot else to say except i am happy with it .
went on well and came off easy . did what i intended it to do . works very well overall and doesn't take much
i bought this for my 97 f150 and was very surprised at the cheap price for a quality price . very impressed !
yes indeed feels just like home with the welcome mat out front . a must have for that finishing touch to your traveling home
not much i can say about this product , it fits my 1.25 a and 5a battery tender chargers . little wimpy in its construction .
i like this cord because its cheaper than the ones that batteryminder people sale . just the rite size to get to my harley
this pouch is just fine . nothing great or unusual . it serves it's purpose , stays out of the way , and keeps everything together .
i'm using these on a scooter , they are needed to replace poor quality chinese value stems . only time will tell as to quality .
i use this regularly and have been for quite some time . keeps everything running smooth !
i have been using these and k & m filters . both are rated very well . they seem to work as advertised and were shipped quickly .
just using this alone made the car look like it had a full on wax and polish , highly recommended . buy it !
although the package doesn't mention the toyota tundra and some reviewers said it wouldn't fit , they went right on my 2007 tundra .
no complaints . easily used and successfully completed the job . how do you rank this product ? it's plastic but pliable with an easily operated and positive valve .
probably better off using animal skin . this gets too wet and you have to keep draining it too often . d
good reliable product , replacement oil filter , excellent brand name product . just doesn't get any better with amazon on your side !
bought it for a friend.he was recommended by another as with 19 years of using this oil on his shadow vlx , the engine still didnt need a rebuild .
hooks right up , the jet helps but could allow more flow , but i would recommend to anyone with or without a flush kit
great antenna mount ! very easy to install and really holds my firestik antenna securely in place . i highly recommend this to anyone with a newer jeep wrangler .
caps do the job , noting special , but if you have lost one of your valeve caps these are good replacement for factory
my brother-in-law recommended these for my rv vent to keep out the wasp . i hate wasp so i hope it does .
unlike most interior detailers that just try to shine up dirt this actually cleans , leaves no oils and has a factory sheen to it .
my wife likes them . says that they are ok . i will take her word for it . would therefore recommend them .
it works as it is inteded , to split the power and i have no issues with it . good product ! thak you !
they should do the job to speed set up . easy read bubble , clean looking on my camper . no complants at this time
good quality filter . you can feel the quality when you pick it up ... it's easy to tell that there are no flimsy parts in this filter !
love these microfiber rags . we use them for so many chores in and outside our motorhome . would definitely purchase again .
got this to use with the valve i purchased which was the wrong size , so have not used it , but never hurts to have it in case .
i tried it on 2 different vehicles , easy to use , both vehicles had no issues but i wanted to make sure it worked
great not to be hauling 2x4 pieces around anymore - and it looks great as well ! definitely worth the money .
i wasn't expecting much , but this stuff is a ) great washer fluid b ) great way to apply rainx . kudos and 20 more words
this compressor is the real deal , not to be confused with plasticy imitation-tough compressors . it pumps passenger tires very quickly .
works great , have them put on my smittybilt 13047b 3/4 " black d-ring .
this simply plugs into the left taillight . much less a pain than the one for our chrysler town and country .
this product works great as support for the camper's sewer hose and stores away very quickly and compact . very happy with the purchase .
my last set of bulbs from sylvania were brighter than these and lasted 5 months longer . the four month life span i got out of these did dissapoint .
they are what you would expect from inexpensive universal car mats . they look and feel sturdy enough and hopefully will serve their duty well .
we can't even get this type of thing in australia - greatest invention ever for rvs ! ! ! it's just so handy !
they work so well , i bought another pack to keep on hand . good even spray with little effort and it uses the whole bottle of liquid .
bought this for my new camper and the system is so easy to use and well built . easy to clean .
just make sure it has a sure footing when placing it , and works just fine , to insure all trailer appliances will work as expected and needed
this filter is cheaper over the long run that buying replacement paper filters . you will also enjoy better filtering and more airflow with this unit .
i have used this before and found it to be great . be sure to let it dry before driving as it will splatter
this is a great value vs the packs of 10 at the camping stores . i will repurchase here only , thanks !
awesome product as usual from mothers.this company never lets me down and always has top quality products for my car ... ~ !
nice quality , with sturdy chrome plating . i keep this in the trunk for emergencies . works well , and provides enough torque to take off stubborn wheels .
these chocks do a great job . they are quick to set up and take down . very sturdy , wheels do not move when these are in .
stiff brushes and good crevice tools for car detailing . worked as expected and about the same price as competing products .
as we all know , dust gets over your rides in the garage , and is nice to be able to dust it off instead of complete re-detail ! .
these did not come with attaching cables as stated , but i made my own . the product works very well . no more insects .
but the lites do go onwill try it when it gets warmer .. got a set or trailer lites from hrbourfreight ... not used yet
but then after about 4 months of use , it just completed stopped working . so i would definitely not buy again .
i've not used this yet . i hope i never need to , actually . if i do , i will certainly update this review . :)
worked great on my oxidized headlight . i should've recharged my drill before doing the second headlight , however . but the results are amazing !
it cleans and polishes , no residue or streaking . it works well on any paint job leaving a high gloss finish which actually repels dirt . highly recommend .
this car wash is the best i have ever used , really suds up and cleans very well you will like the smell of the wash.recommend this product .
it did the job but only for so long . the application lasted about 3 months before another application was required to clear the head lights again .
the brushes are so soft you don't have to worry about scratching your wheels . i'm glad i purchased this item .
changed some oil and transmission fluid with these . works great . would definitely buy again . wish i had a reason to buy more .
the same ones at the local storefront were more costly for the same ones . amazon pricing once again wins again !
bought this for my pup just to keep eye on battery . we dry camp mostly and this item fits the bill . small and easy to use .
these were for our rv and they work great . i have used them several times and once you get used to using them you will like it .
haven't had the chance to use the chains yet . not traveling in much snow . probably will next winter i am sure .
this nice gun worked like a champ , nice features and seems like it will last a long time ! and besides , it matches my rv and truck :-}
great while it lasted , but doesn't last long at all . falling apart after a couple months of weekly use . guess i will try a microfiber mitt .
after buying these towels i don't see myself buying any other brand towels anytime soon ! they are super soft and work very well !
glad to find this product . since my 2013 tundra is so high that i can't even jump up to enter the truck bed .
i purchase nothing but bosch blades . yes , they are more expensive . however , they last longer and clean better than others i have tried .
installed these and you can barely even see , which is not good at all .. now i need to get different ones ...
the item looks to be pretty good quality , however , i am concerned that the cord wires are not thick enough for a heavy load .
looks great and does the same thing as some of the more expensive mats out there . they look sturdy enough to me , time will tell .
love it ... i keep it in my garage in the toolbox and is handy and a snap to use .
just installed it into my 2012 mazda 5 and had no issues.fit was perfect and filtering seems good.will for sure buy again .
was disappointed that it wasn't made in the u . s . a . other that that it looks like it will work out fine .
this washing mitt is very gentle on the finish of a car . after months of use , it hasn't torn any at all . highly recommended .
a must for campers keeps moisture from laying in bumper . the caps allow the bumper to breath and dry out
they fit nicely into the sockets of the tag light of my ' 97 ford expedition . i gladly recommend this article .
still the best tire inflator on the market . very accurate and easy to use . those stick pressure gauges never seem to work well for me
they are great and have good sound . fit well in helmets . worth the money .
i cannot wait ti use this cleaner for my tires and my rims on my car very highly recommended
this brush is the perfect size and has just the right amount of rigitity and softness to clean the many curves and hollows in my wheels .
i think this is a cool yet sweet looking half skull mask and is what it is and thats simply cool
it seems to be well made and is actually maintaining a charge on 2 twelve volts at the same time .
i haven't installed it yet . it looks like it will work ok . i'll let you know when i get it installed .
has the sizes i need and seem well built . do the job required of them and the case is decent for storage .
i use this on my race car and it works very well . i'm considering picking up another for my motorcycle .
these are very nice , very plush drying towels . they are very absorbent & cleaned up very nice after their first use .
trim is everything . this company consistantly makes good products for fair prices . easy install . i also bought the rear units as well .
product works very well . this is not as good as their ultimate series but not as expensive . very easy use
this mitt is super soft and easy on the paint . it's a great buy for how cheap it is . pick up a couple !
it's very simple to use . it does a great job and it's very small so easy to pack away when i'm not using it .
been using this stuff for years . this was a great price as well as coming within the two day window with prime shipping .
these are like the mud dauber screen - but the tool used to apply these is much better tool for setting the screen into place .
it does what i bought it for . now i know when the black water tank is clear . this is plastic , but well made .
i didn't think it would , but it really does make a difference of have a wrap around rug on your entryway step ladder .
does exactly what it is suppose to . use it on cracks in existing caulk . stopped my antennae leak . emergency fix till i recoat entire rook
no complaints . they appear to do what i bought them for and have not leaked air as expected . plastic appears to be thick enough
they look factory and gives me the ability to see down the side of my trailer now ! they are a perfect fit with minimal adjustment .
way too expensive for a such low quality product i justgong to use my regular product thus dont order this
my nozzles were old and kinda blocked .. those ones are soo sweet with nice and even spray pattern .. perfect upgrade for the right price .
i have this item hooked on my motorcycle with the loop connection , so it can be quick hooked or unhooked for summer time .
easy to install in 2003 grand cherokee . i can now work under the hood and fix all the things the previous owner did not fix . i am batman
inflates everything quick - easy to use and easy to store - must have tool for all your inflatables plenty of adapters and plugs in for consistent power
great stuff , easy to use , super shine . i haven't found a bad chemical guy product yet , the stuff just works great !
it does the job alright . the plastic design leaves a lot to be desired though . it's not going to last more than one riding season .
works great helps take the shake out of camper when you are walking around , and it sure wont move with these just be careful how much you tighten them
i'm very happy with the cb4 cramp buster . it definitely helps relieve pressure on your throttle hand . i use it all the time .
we use this in the vent above our bed and it works perfectly at keeping that early morning light from coming through the vent .
royal purple has always been my go to performance oil for all my automotive needs.they have a great reputation .
nice and solid . perfect fit . great for moving the lights away from the hood and towards the side . dually d2s are barely visible from the inside .
what can you say it's a trailer hitch ball .. i got a good name product fast and it was reasonably priced
can not beat the price on this cap i myself ended up changing the distributor that came with a cap and rotor but opted to change it with the bosch
fit perfectly on my 2012 honda civic si . way better than spending the premium for honda to do it , takes like 1 minute .
as described - they are very useful and come out of the wash nicely - when these wear out i will order again
replacement for grey tank and works great . the pull handles broke on the old one and was getting hard to pull anyway . this works great .
it looks so simple but its very functional , if you do a lot of long distance driving this is a must have .
i needed a durable and handy flexible tire gauge for checking pressure on my motorcycles . this gauge is very well built and give accurate readings .
i have been happy with this brand for quite a few years . i will try one of their competitors next time for comparison
nothing exciting , but it does its job . i think it even had a usb outlet on it . this went in one of our service trucks .
i like this on my jeep for a little custom touch and it was a good price and easy to install .
this light works fine . like the idea it included the bulbs . fits right where the old one fitted without any problems
this thing works better than the rest of the stuff you see at the stores.shines lasts a very long time and one bottles seems to last a good while .
perfect fit for rear window on my 2004 ford excursion limited . easy to install . no spotting seen or squeaking at all
measure your bucket first . no excuse for a complaint then . it is sturdy and serves its purpose for the two bucket wash method .
old one was crimped under propane cover and i was worried it may develop a leak . this was an exact replacement .
kinda cheezy . but it will get ths job done till it disentigrates from the sun and general exposure . cheap price .
i use this in my cordless drill and it makes it very easy to raise and lower the jacks on my fifth wheel . better then hand cranking .
at 6feet 200 lbs . i need to send back and get an extra large . seems to be a pretty good suit for the money .
terrible piece of item i have ever purchased . i threw away the product , and purchased a better product at walmart .
i bought theres for my daily comute back and forth to work theres not as much padding in them as my more expensive alpinestars but they were much less
i have always been a fan of permatex . i would definently recommend these products to anyone . i use a lot of their products
rain-x 8000022 43 glass treatment - 7 oz.it ' s simple , this stuff works great when applied correctly , the rain will slide right off !
this was bought as a replacement for my rv and it was very easy to install , great price and very durable . thank you !
i haven't used them yet but they look good and it will do what i need . i need to wash my car i guess
these worked great to lift my car - very stable and sturdy , and i like that they were made in the usa . a quality product .
these are fantastic . for this 7 " pad , you need a 5.5 inch velcro backer or a trimmed 6 inch . i found out the hard way .
nice jack base ... sturdy with a jagged edge for scraping dirt away to get a flat place to set up jack ..
perfect . simple and perfect . not oily , like others have been saying . it's just great . add it to your arsenal of automotive tools today !
they are light and smaller than you would expect , but they work fine and store easy as they fit into one another ( stackable )
three stars because i haven't noticed any changes . then again maybe my car did't need this cleaner . who knows . royal purple is a great brand though
good little battery tester for the money , comes in handy when your not sure if its the battery or the item that's not working .
used this before & it cleans good . you don't need to over do it with the oil . make sure the filter is completely dried before applying .
i use these all of the time for my various upgrade and refurbishing projects . very , very handy and saves the trim for any damaging scrapes and scratches .
heavier than expected , no rain storm yet so i wont know how it holds up , the other tore so easily , will repost if dosn't hold up well
a great kit . exactly as described . the instructions were easy to follow and installation was also a breeze . took only a few minutes .
hook this bad ass wire to your bad ass valentine one hanging on a bad ass blendmount mount . 5 bad ass stars
fine filter , fits my 98 impreza well , no leaks , more substantial than the fram it replaced , will be trying purolator's extra girth next
i use this everyday in my glass shower . streak free and the silicone is lasting perfectly . high quality and built to last .
looks great . goes on easy and comes off easy.only downside is it will last about a month or so depending on washing and weather .
due to the bad ethanol blend of fuel , it breaks down quickly . first vote against all pro-ethanol legislation , second get this product
works well ... plan to snip back an opening for your fridge drain . installation took about 10 mins . works for it intended purpose .
this is your basic maintenance battery charger and is well worth the money . i would buy this one again , with out hesitation .
this is the best car wash i've used ( compared to mothers , armor all , turtle wax etc ) . it also smells nice !
i use it in every one of my cars ! fits well and its washable / reuse for the life of the car .
the filter in my car was getting smelly . this fram fresh breeze cabin air filter solved the problem very easily . will buy for other vehicles .
heavy duty , no flaws . easy to use . make sure you bend in the tabs to prevent the insert from falling out later . these are great .
looks good and fits perfect . i would reccomend to anyone who wants it to go with the curt receiver . nice
these work very well and are bright i bought some for my city running lights in my 2012 c250 and they look nice
this is a standard replacement for your air filter in your vehicle . in my case , it was for my jeep liberty .
it works and there are a lot of sizes but the handle is awkward to use ; difficult to get any leverage if the fins are badly damaged
these are really cool . they go really well with the barbed wire license plate holders . order them as a set .
i had one of these in my last subaru and i put 2 of them in my new one . a great replacement for stock cupholders !
this all season wiper is supposed to be able to resist corrosion and freezing . the main thing is that the blade makes perfect contact with the windshield .
worked like a charm ... extended it just long enough ... plus i like the quick disconnect ...
cheap plastice mirrow for watching your blind spont . better than the round type , this one wasnt all bad .
anyone with a full-sized pickup tailgate should have one of these . all trucks should have these from the factory .
like others have said here this aerosol bottle makes oiling your cotton / oil filters very easy . controlling the amount and evenness of oil is very easy .
my coworker recommended this brand and i'm glad i got them . they work great and are definitely work not paying outlandish dealer and shop prices for replacement .
i used it to dry my optima , after drying the whole car , you cannot even ring it . it absorbs a lot of water , highly recommended !
keep all those sham wows . i have used absorber chamois for years , much better than natural ones or any other brands .
great item these are factory oem sensors . they fit perfect and work perfecly . would recommend the purchase of these knock sensors .
not used this yet ... but there is no doubt about it strength and ability . smitty is not sh $ ^ % # . gotta get more .
i also use mine to power my northstar 16 gal . yard spayer . i can spray two tanks full before the jnc runs down .
plews lub hand pump . works just fine to refill dual pump fluid in my honda crv . must for service every 15,000 miles .
i use this to keep the battery charged on my motorcycle during the off season . no problems or complaints whatsoever .
hooks up to my rv and lets me back flush into my back tank or gray tank and cleans out my waste hose too ...
fits and looks good . nothing spectacular , but it helps dress up your license plate . happy with the purchase i made .
based upon condition of your wheels , the cleaner does require some elbow scrubbing but does a descent job . hope this helps .
easy install and quality material . fits great on a 2011 jeep wrangler sport and it only took a couple of minutes to attach to the roll cage .
it's an extension cord . it does the job and is quality made . 4 stars only because it's a bit pricy for what it is .
very affordable piece that looked just like my original . directions were a little vague , but a youtube video helped a lot .
i like the orange citrus smell . it's easy to use and you don't have to wait for it to dissolve like others on the market .
straightforward product at a great price , i see no need to buy a more expensive d-ring . comes with a gloss black finish that seems durable
having to change o2 sensors can be a real pain where the manufactures mount them nowadays , this makes a tedious job usually pretty easy , nice heavy duty construction
easy to install and looks great should be standard on the jku . looks great and helps add to the look of the 2014 jku .
the kit makes cleaning the k & n filters so much easier and cuts through the grease and grime better then average soaps without leaving a residue behind .
i use this alligator clips and fuse , but i have to reconnect to 16 feet wires , because this was to short for my project .
quality product that is simple and very easy to install , and fits perfectly on my 09 wrangler jk . a must have for a jeep !
great starter kit my only issue is the grate that sets at the bottom spinns and moves around so i wonder if its doing its job ?
ive always used screes , picks , pliers to get my cam seals out . i dont know why i didnt buy one of these sooner .
these are the best and brightest bulbs for the $ $ that i have tried , out of 3 other types . great and long lasting .
great item . water sealed and everything . highly suggest going with this if your shopping for an item like this . good construction .
2004 toyota camryfit easily with no problems . i'm going to get k next time though.very good oem style replacement .
no luck with this meguiars product , its does just okay when drying the paint after i wash my car but the glass is another sad story
does what it is supposed to do . bought 2 for all vents in travel trailer as i am living in it through a colorado winter .
it works well.but it doesn't clean tighter areas because its a little too wide.but it is still very convenient .
with todays phones and gps you need the power supply when you are out for a great day of riding
great oem part at a fraction of the stealership price . very simple to change to keep your tdi running great .
fits perfect . took me 30 minutes to do it by myself . comes with easy to follow directions . no reason to spend more . get this one .
these are real good they make cleaning your car alot easier , the microfiber is very absorbent and did a real good job cleaniing my car
i bought this for the wrong jeep so i returned it anyway , but it seemed very flimsy to me . a screwdriver could easily get this mechanism open .
bought these to replace a set of the yellow colored brand levelers . these are less brittle and stack better than the others
love love love this stuff great and very easy to use and it works without using a lot of it just a little goes a long way
this actually works ! ! ! the musty moldy a / c smell is entirely gone . also the outside smell like bad exhaust gas smells less ..
better than expected . this is a higher grade home garage repairman . priced well compared to the durability and high quality design . highly recommend .
i bought these because of the name brand and price . i am very happy with the product and would purchase again .
great tool for measuring your tires , makes it easier to determine if you have uneven wear ! would recommend this for anyone with a trailer .
great price , but the paint job is very low quality and as others mentioned impossible to get the sticker off .
nice mask . it seals well and is pretty comfortable except for a slight pinch on the bridge of the nose .
honda's genuine spoilers ( front & rear ) came with these already installed . this is the best both-sided mounting tape on the market .
it keeps my stair more stable for sure . i wish i can adjust the length as in some case i can not extend fully .
this is a must for preventing nuts and bolts from locking up over time . it does the job and well .
received these recently and love them . great construction of quality materials . easy to use and ads safety to you shop work .
this stuff works and it doesn't leave that distracting , fake looking shine on the dash.my whip thanks me every time i use this stuff .
solid value with solid light output . i've seen brighter but there's nothing ahead of me i can't see so i'm satisfied .
easy as can be leveling of a camper trailer on a side hill . love it . light , durable , flexible . another example of camco's great stuff .
