this ones great , it is cute and nice to bring a snack in like cut up veg or fruit or cheerio
has columns for all the info i need at a glance when i get home from work . nanny is able to fill it out easily ... love it
does what it promises to do ! great for toddlers . helps make handwashing more fun and less of a chore . would recommend .
love the swaddle me products ! these organic cotton swaddle me's are silky soft and the velcro really sticks well ! highly recommend this product !
bought as a gift but as expected it was very cute and the person receiving the gift loved it ! so did baby !
what a nice blanket , yes its white but it washes up so nicely ! so soft , and the inside is satin
this nipple collapsed as soon as it got in his mouth . and it kept out collapsing . i couldn't figure out a way to make it work ...
i bought these for all of my strollers . they are really strong and hold a lot of weight with my diaper bags . i highly recommend ! !
my chest is really large and i don't know if that has something to do with it but not a fan i would rather struggle holing the stupid pump
i hope my baby will like it , this toy looks very nice , i hope my baby like it when i make bath to him
this mattress is exactly what i expected from serta . it is quite firm , yet gentle enough for a new born baby .
works well and without problems . good price . not much else to say about it - just make sure you get the right voltage for your pump . :)
this is the sole musical toy on my daughters excersaucer . it it a pleasant song that does not go on and on . perfect !
i purchased these flushable liners because my daughter will be using them with our new grandson . i " m sure she will enjoy the product .
the product table marked for 8 pounds more than the baby , when i do not know whether this will affect the baby's cervical growth .
nothing to rave about - it's just a thin flat sheet . but it does fit the pack ' n play well .
this is great , i am sure it works for any pump . definitely makes things easier so you can move around . a must have .
i'm a huge avent fan so these bottles were even better with the pink color . i just wish the ring lock was pink too !
should have ordered more of these nipples . great buy bought every penny . you would not be disappointed . six months plus .
so cute that it matches my galaxy ergo . a little big and bulky for my 2 1/2 year old but she loves to look like mommy
it looks very good and hope it will have the usefull for my little baby in the nightime . good good
glass bottles are easier to clean , more sanitary and do not release toxic dioxins when undergoing a temperature change . very thick glass , no danger of breakage .
read the instructions , it's a little tricky to get this on the crib but if you do you shouldn't have any problems .
i adore this crib . it is so beautiful and just precious . looks great in any room with any furniture , matches every style :)
our child would not let us put it on him . so in the end , the product did not serve its intended purpose
not very interesting toys ... bad plastic poor quality already returned it looked good in the picture but not good actually
wonderful step stool and my daughter loves the songs , she danced while brushing her teeth and washing her hands
i love this brand , its machine washable ! the print is so cute and bumkins holds up to tough wear and tear !
the bottom is a plastic thing which protects anything below but the top texture gets rough after the first wash . baby hates it so 2 stars .
stickers are too big and take up the entire block for the day . other minor issues , but will do for the price .
bought these among several other lines and still aren't what we're looking for . not thick enough . poor quality in my opinion .
this seems like the simplest product , but is wonderful to keep toys from falling on the sidewalk , restaurant floor , between the car seats , etc .
one more practical and beautiful product of this brand . small and simple to be carried to every place . the fork could be more rounded .
this gate is great , the walls are like a pack n play . i just wish it fit smaller openings also .
we use rockin ' green for our diapers and lavender mint smells great ! i rarely have to strip with this detergent .
my first reaction was that it was over priced and the animals didn't spin like i thought they would but my boys ended up loving it .
this was a big hit with both my boys ( 4 & 1 ) they were fighting over it when it arrived and still love it
they could add some extra clay to each packet to make it easier to roll out into the areas . a bigger roller would also help .
i have over 10 of these on various cabinets . on at least half of those the adhesive has come apart over the past few months .
these are great quality containers ! i like that this set came with two different size containers . very convenient and easy to use .
the plastic bottles turned yellow after 6 months with a lingering smell despite repeated washes with detergent . the glass ones are much much better ...
my bb loves it ! i can't go out of the house with out ... it's my 6 months old best buddy !
perfect size for little ones . soft material , beautiful print . my daughter adores it . i just wish it had a cup holder inside no big deal .
my baby didn't like it to be swaddle in this . i rather use a cotton blanket .
these are great ! ! they are super absorbent and bigger than what i imagined . i love the colors , love the prints ...
these don't move quite as well as the fish mobile from the same company , but both are fun .
im still using it , and my baby loves ithe's got his own chair and he seems to be greatful for it.perfect for travelingthanks for the quick delivered
looks great - its a gift , so i can't say how the child liked it . it looks quite cute though .
these are soft , colorful , and durable . i use this as blankets , burp clothes , and rolled up as pillows . an excellent buy .
i didn't read the fine print on this one , and got a blue one . other then that i really like this item .
it works very well so far.it was hard to open at first but once i knew how to do it , it was easy .
works just like it says . hot when opening after steaming . this product works great for the tommee tippee bottles we purchased .
i use this daily , and have had no issues with it.sprays off easily.light weightholds heavy stuffed diapersi have had no splatter issues with this
bought these for my 11 months old grandson , he hates . i love the design but no good if he cannot use it .
these didn't work for me , but they are cheap enough that it was worth a try to find a better fit . i stuck with the standard size .
the material is very thin , so we had to put our baby into an additional sleepsack over it.good idea , but could have used a bit more fastening .
exactly what i expected , good sturdy / soft fabric . good quality . especially liked the price of the item , which was on sale at the time
this spout fits my bath faucet perfectly . heavy grade plastic is easily adjustable and should last for a long time .
they don't have to touch any area of the toilet while going to the bathroom - that is a grand slam ! that's all i gotta say @
this is really nice & easy to install . its designed for large cribs so you know you wont fall short in length .
can be used as bracelet ( on parents ) so that you can take them with you and have them handy when you need them !
used the makers website to figure out how many inserts we would need for our 71 inch opening and works great !
my son loves playing on this mat . it is very colorful and interactive with soft cushion . i would definitely recommend this product .
you cannot go wrong with this brand , the texture is soft , the color is perfect for a little girls room and fits all standard changing pads .
i'm using this for the second time with my second child - really great pump , works well and gets a lot of milk out .
i purchased this w / the 9 oz madela pump and feed bottles since i'm producing a lot more milk these days . these fit the lids perfectly .
the best teether , 4months and upat 10 month , we use it for introducing the kid to brushing his teeth - easy transition to a toothbrush
fits perfectly in our suv and matches really well with our grey interior . good coverage as well . although the back of the headrest is not covered .
very effective as far as being waterproof and kind of cute , but really a little too small to do much good . haven't found much use for them .
i love it . it is not very bulky . but at the same time it takes a lot of weight , it's cute and light !
this thing is so dope . you can totes use this to keep your kids from spider-man leapin ' out their bedroom window .
great to lots of ways to use . easy to clean so less chance of mold which with bath toys is a big problem .
kid loves to climb in and out of this thing , will be great for the summer and camping . perfect size for growing
love anything nuk lol well except the pacifiers . it matches with my baby's nuk bottles . u scarcely find sippy cups with covers now .
me encanta esta cobija , ya la he lavado varias veces y como nueva , mi hija tiene ya 1 año y medio y aun la cubre bien
so happy with this product . it is washable and it prevents my son from eating his wood crib ! a very necessary purchase .
best mirror ever ! it stays put on bumpy roads . i can clearly see my little one in her rear facing car seat , best baby mirror !
i got these for my daughter around 5 months and she still loves them after months later ! good for bath or play time .
we like the scoop , but this would not suction to our wall , even though it's flat .
simple entertainment in the bathtub , keeps my toddler busy while i trying to get him clean and keeping him from splashing me .
i love it , great deal , comfortable to use , nice color , very light i am enjoying a lot , recommendation this product .
my 6 months old baby loves it and enjoys the sounds and the mirror itself.my 2 years old also enjoys the sounds.really nice and a great value for price .
these bibs are nice and big , stay on , clean up easily , and you can put them in the washer . perfect .
the product looks great and was easy to assemble . feels very sturdy . overall we are very happy and would recomend this over pricier models .
used this lock for the sliding doors on our entertainment center . works great . we used it horizontally , unlike the suggested vertical method .
looks cute works fine . but is very hard and bumps hurt little kids . i would say more for crawling age kids or kids that like hard toys .
these bibs were soft & adorable . i gave them as a gift & the recipient loved them ! the side snaps are convenient too !
melhor compra de 2012 . minha filha de 5 meses pula direto nele e nos dá uma folguinha . é grande e pesado , mas vale cada centavo .
my 3 month old grasps it and likes when i twirl it so he can see the design and mirror .
basic bowls that are nice and sturdy . you can't use them in the microwave . i've looked at other bowls and these seem to be of better quality .
haven't use it . i bought it for my 2 months baby boy ^ but it looks so cute and good quality
good serving cups for toddlers who tend to knock other plates off the table . also a good size for food portions . top rack dw safe so all good
save your money and buy a better strap . this clip is super cheap and poorly made . it will break very quickly .
my baby loves this , it holds her head with a very soft plush bunny . colors hve not faded away and the cleaning is easy
these dividers are exactly what you would expect . they're easy to set up with the stickers that come with it .
cleaning would be much easier if the trays had been designed with internal cube rounded off in the bottom but still maintaining the square look on the outside .
this toy is great , the claws rattle and the little " feet " are make a crinkly sound . my twin loved this toy . i do recommend .
used to use in my sons play yard but now upgraded it to his crib and he loves it better in there because it hangs better in there .
gate opening is a little smaller than i would like but otherwise it does what i need it to .
this sheet fits our pack-n-play well , and you can't beat the price . i would recommend this item to a friend .
great addition to our boon lawn drying rack . we already have the tree and the flower looks especially cute sitting on our kitchen counter !
these are definately not for babies . i bought these for an infant , ( 6 months ) and they sucked ! wouldn't buy again ! g
perhaps i had too high expectations , but this product was a real disappointment.one major pro , it doesn't tip over .
good price and good product . fit well with the pack n play mattress . mattress cover is a must have when you have new baby .
we have two of these for our leather seats . highly recommend . keeps entire seat protected . very durable . easy to clean .
these is the best option for who don't like the microwave radiation and it keeps the bottles sterilize for 24 hrs
these are amazing bibs ! great size for 6 months . love that they are waterproof . have great coverage and are super cute ! favorite bibs !
i love this bottle so much that i purchased a few of them so that we wouldn't be missing them when they were in dishwasher . great bottles !
if it wasn't for these my poor baby would look like she fought a wild cat ! i've bought over 15 pairs for my baby and my niece !
i bought a grey one and paid more money than what i should have on it and what i received was a lime green one .
the safety 1st adjustable multi-purpose straps work perfectly the glue is strong tehy are baby proof , even for a strong little boy
is exactly what you see . and fits perfect to the shield thing . ( sorry i know it isn't the technical term ) got it fast .
i use this under our co-sleeper mattress and it works great . it gives our baby the lift she needs in her crib and it is a safe height .
i really like this bowl . it washes easily , is sturdy , and makes for a good dish for messy items like waffles with syrup for my toddler !
it looks cool , it feels cool , but your child won't be able to drink from it . greatly disappointed with this purchase .
very soft and nice size . wash cloths purchased in stores are usually not very soft and they are too small .
needed a changing pad cover for my house after my granddaughter was born . she liked it when we used it .
i love the lavender color , it is not true to the picture on the internet . it is soft and stays the same condition after being washed .
this is exactly what i wanted ! ! loved the vivid colors and the style and feel of the fabric . perfect size for me .
every nursing mom needs one of these . keeps baby entertained and blends in with most casual outfits . i highly recommend .
my two year old son loves warm and soft sheet . the right size . will recommend to friends with children . good
this is a great mat . i like the bright colors . wish there were more rings for toys . but otherwise my son likes this mat .
these are so much better ! they actually cover the whole diaper and we haven't had any problems with them clogging the toilet drain .
brilla en la oscuridad cuando mas necesitas encontrarlo , tiene un tamaño ideal y trae tapa , es perfecto para mi bebe .
this is small , easy to use and clean , and seems comfy . way better than the chicco cortina highchair we had .
this thing barely sticks to the table and my nine month old baby very easily pulls it of of the table . i will not buy again .
no spillage . great for low amount of milk storage . fit easily in freezer . price is also reasonable . will recommend it .
my twins loooovvvvveeeee these . they have used these since they were a few months old . they love the little ridges and for the bunny its ears .
measure you rear windows first . if you have a main window and a little triangular window , these probably won't work .
o produto é prático e do tamanho ideal para preparar as refeies do beb . facilita bastante nas viagens onde vc mesmo pode preparar as refeies de seu filho .
really nice durable toy with many activities . this keeps my 6 month old grand daughter occupied for extended periods of time which is a nice break for us .
we bought this for our 5 month old twins . they both love it . even if they are not interested in jumping the toys keep their attention
i'm glad i bought the big pack ! i have extras everywhere i know i'll need them . even in the bathroom where my extra seat is .
it is for my friend's baby , they said that it is fit for their baby , they will buy more and more .
this toy is fun for baby to hold and examine , my only complaint it that the mirror peeled off ? ? but my son loves it the same !
the baby loves it ! not made in china . what more can i ask for ! fits perfectly into her mouth . love this company .
great product ! can't hardly can tell it's ever there ! very light and fit very well . high recommendation for any one that is looking for cup holder .
fits my baby jogger city select perfectly . my stroller has a very thick , square handle bar and it fits with plenty of room to spare .
the hole for the kid to sit on is too small . it's useless for boys as they will spray all over the floor ( no pee shield ! )
i love this sound machine ! it is perfect for my son's room . it plays wonderful music / sounds & provides the perfect amount of light .
needed extra just in case one falls and i can't wash it right away or if one gets lost . :p
my 3 - month-old immediately took to this toy and started batting the toys . love that we will be able to use it for a long time .
love this monitor , i can still keep an eye on the baby while doing housework in another room . this is a great gift for a new mom
wish this came in a queen size , soft & great over foam as it gives and allows the softness to be enjoyed !
these run a bit big , but i was able to felt it a bit in the washer , which made it fit better and also more waterproof .
good quality will buy again . a little on the small size so buy a bigger size .
these are perfect for when i don't want a really thick wash cloth for my baby . and they are fun because of the rainforest them .
these are just like the pacifiers we received from the hospital , so the baby loves them ! wonderful item and would purchase again !
this was a baby shower gift and it's an excellent product like all fisher price products . the baby's room decoration is all precious planet . beautiful .
my daughter loves it because it's tinkerbell , but beware it does leak ! not fun to see chocolate milk or oj flying everywhere once they figure that out !
used this on a road trip to wisconsin . fit on the tiny poland spring bottle just fine and baby didn't mind drinking from it .
overall , really nice chest ! nice hinge feature - keeps lid from slamming . beware of dragging this chest on hardwood floors , though . scratches badly .
we got it but i haven't use it yet . will get back later to review and tell my opinion . but i like the idea .
sticks well , baby likes to turn the wheel on his tray . and holds it some too . a good toy .
this mat is thick coated canvas and not flimsy plastic like most other splat mats . we use it for everything from meals to art .
used it with no issues . not sure how you'd have a bad mattress but this one is good .
it is a perfect fit , just like people were saying in the other reviews . i actually ordered two so we have an extra .
we use this reusable liner for our cloth diapers in the dekor plus diaper pail . works great . both washer and dryer safe . keeps moisture in .
it is prepared by our little baby using . hope it is very usefull in the 6 months for my baby
babies might hurt themself waving this thing around . it is very cute but not good as a teether and definitely not for babies .
i'm very happy with this baby gate , it's easy to install and it's very good quality . delivery was really quick . overall very satisfied with the purchase .
i was so impressed with it that i ordered another set . its easy to install and it does what it is supposed to .
my toddler loves biting and playing with this toy in and out of the bath . there is really not much more i could say about sophie .
one of my babies favorite toys to play with when given a choice he will always pick this one to play with .
holds a lot of stuff . love that they break down easily for moving or storing . sturdy material .
my daughter loves this little night light - perfect for a toddler ! changes color and provides just enough light to make her comfy when shes falling asleep .
i freeze home made baby food in these . the lids are sometimes hard to put on tight but compared to others i bought i like them .
this is cute and good for the money . seems to be good quality . he is 10 months old and it's good for around this age .
this is definitely useful if you already have a bob stroller and need to push around an infant . it is easy to attach and sturdy .
cheap and good quality . i like the way it looks , and feels , it totally meets my expectations . i would definitely recommend it to a friend .
it's absorbant , cute , and i've had no leaks ! they are a little thicker / bulkier than other brands i've used , but i don't mind .
i got this for my grandsons and makes them want to wash their hands ! this with their new step will encourage good hygiene ! !
this sheet is wonderfully soft . it washes fine and fits nicely on the mattress that i purchased for my daughter's pack and play .
i love the lamp with all the details . it looks super cute and i really like that the jungle jill collection isn't only pink .
my daughter enjoys chewing on it . the shape and size is just right for little hands to grasp and the container makes it portable .
this is a wonderful product . i put it in the fridge so it's cold and baby loves gnawing on it . will buy another !
this fits in the closet very well the material is so strong and great ... very well made so much room and spaciouse
solid quality . nice pink color for a girl . good price . i needed an extra potty for the downstairs bathroom and this one works great .
smells .. okay.the scent seems short-lived . i don't smell it ever since i put it in the diaper pail lid . eh . would not repurchase .
i like this product and my child does too but like others , it ran so large that i had to purchase another size smaller .
we bought these to use with avent bottles to store breast milk . they work great , we have not had any leaks !
i purchased this item for my newborn baby niece , it was the perfect price and i am sure she will love it !
with 2 toddlers these help keep dirts off my back seats . epecially when on the farm , no mud on my seats
the baby isn't born yet , but i like the shapes and colors used , as well as the stacking feature . i know he will love it .
this was a great buy and can take a bit of weight . the drawers are very handy for hiding small things .
if you need somewhere to put your drinks , miscellaneous items this is what you need to buy . it firs securely around the handle .
it does exactly what it's supposed to do . great product at a great amazon price ! what more can could you want ? !
i have been using these for months now , and they still fit well , the velcro still sticks - - they are going strong .
i like this infant bath pad because it holds my son well , has ample cushion , is soft , and easy to use . i highly recommend it .
it would be better if the buddy secure-a-toy strap has a portion that has grip material so that the strap doesn't slide around too easily .
a great disney cup that my daughter loves and i love because they're so inexpensive !
i use one of these with my pockets during night times and they are great ! i highly recommend for heavy wetters !
it ' s a really great blanket . it ' breathable and warm at the same time . it's also big and soft and withheld many washings .
it suctions well and doesn't make my baby scream bloody murder when i use it . she also liked to grab onto the hose !
this is small and my 4 month old nephew can hold on to it . he really likes how it rattles and loves putting the ears in his mouth .
it was as the description said ... my baby love it and the quality is good , in the box is 3 nipple by package
this angle adjuster helps our radian rxt fit in our tiny nissan sentra , provides a few inches of space and less of a recline in the seat .
this worked great for our play yard - i dont think i would use on a car seat as it is not that small . my son loves it
i use this in the bathtub to dry out the toys after each bath . good storage area and will adjust to a wide bathtub .
best car seat ! ! ! did my research and we are very happy with the level of safety and comfort it provides for our baby .
great swing with lots of things to distract fussy babies . we love that you have the option to use the wall plug or batteries .
it does the job but i think next time i wont get such a light color . it stains and didn't come out in the wash .
this product works rather well . it is easy to apply to furniture and it remains in place . i highly recommend it .
i like it ， it smell not smell , but my baby is too young to use it , and it is very easy to dirty
does what it says it will do , just wish the standby battery life was a little longer but its not bad . so no real complaints .
it s okay but the xl cart the cover is too small the swing at the park it s ok too
i love this product . i recommend it to all my pregnant friends . fits with medela pumps , i have the manual one and double electric pump in style
we have never had a problem determining if the baby is awake with this monitor . the sound is clear and loud with minimal static .
i had a breastpump from evenflo that broke with just 3 months of use . worth the price . pumps the milk gently .
i have already bought another 100 count . really well for milk storage , and if storage on a flat surface they will not use too much space
it's a little flimsy feeling but secured well onto the head rest of my jetta and seems to do the trick pretty well .
it worked very well at the top of the stairs . now that we've moved , we use it as a pet gate and it's awesome !
got them and added them to our slightly tinted forrester but the sun was still super bright . they weren't very big either . terrible . returned .
i was very happy with the quality of the product . my son loved to fall a sleep to this mobile .
it sticks well to the window , and gives enough shade . it is easy to use , not difficult to remove and reposition if needed .
fits perfectly into our crib . it's a great product for the money we paid . it is durable too . we could use it for our next kid .
this thing became instantly obsolete as soon as my son learned how to undo velcro , way before his first birthday .
there is too big of a dip in the spoon . there is always food left on the spoon . makes a better toy
its elephants ! ! .. standard lamaze quality . bright colors and very appealing . i love elephants . hoping my daughter will love them too
they are nice breathable blankets but they fall apart in the wash more with every use . they are too expensive for what they are .
these pacifiers are just like the pacifiers they give your newborn to suck on at the hospital . my infant loved them !
small ( in a good way ) , but effective ; no longer need to use blender or food processor . would highly recommend this .
i used the same pads for all my kids . they have saved me from washing cars eat padding , mattresses , sheet , etc . great quality .
waste of money , it was too big for my toilet , even with the extender attached . it also seems very flimsy .
such an easy way to keep yourself from bending over one more time / rinsing just one more thing / finding one more thing lost in the car !
i like how it has the divider and the thumb latch . it makes it easy to hold while feeding my baby .
love this booster seat ... seems very durable and is very easy to use and also to clean . really great value and quality .. would definitely buy again !
love having these around to prevent leaks onto the changing pad , so it reduced our amount of laundry , especially with a newborn .
perfect little bowls for snacks or cereal for little ones . made in usa , made of recycled materials , dishwasher safe , cute colors
it was worth the money because it is used for a grandson who lives far away and only uses it occasionaly
excellent product to shower our twin boys . they love the softness of the spray and do not cry any more when we bathe them .
my daughter is a little magician i guess . she unwrapped herself in little time and is only 13 weeks old . will be returning .
very easy to use - slips right onto faucet . water comes through easily and at just the right place for toddler hands !
i purchased this to fit over the dream on me 3 " extra firm playard mattress . it is very good quality , waterproof and fit the mattress perfectly .
i used these in my playtex bottles for my son . they never leaked and they worked out great . i would recommend .
beautyfull design . very well thought out , but these bags are not being made in the same quality as before . they wont last a year ..
yes . book that baby can chew on ! this set is safe and durable for all ages , just probably more entertaining to sitters / crawlers .
great item . give kids usually warm drinks during cold times and it stays warm . very attractive , kids love to drink from it . easy to clean
milk comes too fast from these bottles and it always made my baby gassy . i switched to dr . browns instead and it worked great !
this is great ! i love that i can keep my daughter from getting her legs stuck between the crib rail and not worry about her suffocating !
have only used it once but it seems sturdier than the munchkin one i originally registered for and received . looking forward to trying it out some more .
great cups for little hands to hold . you cant beat the price . these survive well in the dishwasher and have kept their color and shape .
this toy is absolutely adorable and way bigger than i expected … it's about 10 " x 8 " ! so cute ! baby loves it ! !
this thing allowed me to get the dishes done so many nights while baby jumped . it's really strong and secure .
i bought this when my daughter was 4 months old and already teething . she still loves it at 7 months . this is absolutely one of her favorites !
my baby & i love these must have . kinda pricy but a nice product . my baby likes the taste lol would buy again will recommend !
i use these to keep a heavy floor lamp from tipping over . they work great and are easy to install and adjust .
these are great sleepers after your baby is too active to use swaddleme sleepers at night . we've been using these ever since putting him in his crib
this sheet is so soft and warm for the winter , i have two and i would buy more if i needed !
my grand daughter loves this toy . the contrasting colors are great , and one end has moving parts inside and she loves it .
this is a great playmat , the babies kick the keys so it is fun and entertaining to watch and the music is fun .
these are a must have for when you first start nursing and your nipples are sore . wish i had found them sooner .
this was great to feed my son fruits but it was so hard to clean i ended up having to throw away after a few uses .
great backseat mirror , it is very big so you can easily watch your kid when you are driving . love it !
got this for my 5 mth old and she loves how crinkly it is and fun pieces to chew on .
soft , easy to wash , great for her crib at daycare ! love the color - the pink is light and girly without being overpowering .
good nb cover ! fits better with flat or prefolds than my other snap covers ! haven't had any blow outs or leaks ! fits well around legs !
i purchased this tubing after receiving defective tubing from another retailer . this tubing works just as well as the medela replacement tubing . i would recommend this product .
plastic odor was so strong that can't possibly be non-toxic to little ones , i returned it immediately upon opening the package .
i love these blankets they are really nice and my daughter will be using them once her baby arrivals . my daughter loves them also
very soft and light . good to keep baby from hitting it's head on the faucet . a little bit flimsier than i expected but it does the job .
great ! my daughter loves this . the pacifier is great and she also loves to hang onto the monkey . so cute !
i have these on all of my kit cabinets that hve " non-dangerous " items in them and they work great at keeping the little one out .
compact little bowls work well for little hands . not easy to tip over and easy to clean.happy with the purchase .
very supportive for baby and at such a bargain , cant go wrong ! can use in car seat , stroller / pram , bouncer etc .
this has been both my kids favorite teething toy . all the " nubs " make it easy for them to grab and hold onto while they gnaw away .
this is the second set we have purchase and love the design and ability to clean it as needed and it is adorable . our daughters will love them .
haven't been able to use it yet but it fits my changing table fine . and the pad cover fits fine as well .
great toy . keeps my 5 month olds attention . soft enough for her to gnaw on , but keeps shape and rolls .
great balls , my baby plays with them one by one , he stares at it , i would recommend this to buy
my title says it all - this product works fine with my pump in style horns , way cheaper . arrived promptly . what more could you want ?
no digging around in the diaper bag required when using this pacifier pod . love the trendy design ... purchased it to go with my different miche bag shells .
when i use this to microwave food , over time the picture has peeled off . very worried about poisoning my toddler so i threw it out .
sometimes the tall skinny things that hold the bottles upright fall out of their holes .. made kind of cheaply , but easy to use and clean
we've tried tons of sippies and these are our favorite . doesn't leak , even when thrown . only thing we use for juice .
looks great in our crib and is very soft for her to sleep on ! we have washed it numerous times and have not experienced any fading .
i got 2 so i would have a backup and i'm glad i did . these are great quality and fit the mattress very well .
i got this for my little guy and he absolutely loves to sleep on this thing even at home . recommend this for sure
really hard to make sounds come out of it but my 5 month old loves it anyway . was a good buy
this is the only bottle for a breastfed baby in my opinion . it is expensive but i think worth it .
shield did absolutely nothing from protecting my device . it easily came off and my 13 month old son actually snapped it in half .
i love this highchair - especially because of the versatility - - this grows with the baby , so i won't have to keep buying additional chairs .
these come in handy for so many things when you don't need to wash something but it's just not quite clean enough for your little one .
this was other fisher price precious planet product for mateo's room . his baby shower was tematic about this products . beautiful .
it was surprise for me that pacifier was in silicon tube . it means you can keep it clean . quality of material is good .
these are adorable but were a little smaller then i expected them to be . either way , my son loves them and has enjoyed them in the tub !
it has great topic pages and cute pics . on the family page it doesn't have a spot to name a sibling though .
this fitted sheet is great for a portable crib mattress .. it looks good quality material ... they come in a variety of colors ...
we got the boppy cover , and the liner was too small . so we ordered the muchkin's pads . these work great .
i chose this primarily for the design and i love it . i like the fact that it's kinda gender neutral . and still fun .
great quality , informative , 6 month old loves it , safe and soft enough to play with and learn from . love it .
great nail clippers . they are very sharp , which is great when trying to go fast with a fussy baby or annoyed 6 year old .
best money ever spent on a bath toy . no more running water to entertain my boys . they love this thing and it works really well .
no leaks , cute design , good size . haven't noticed any smells yet . keep it in our diaper bag and haven't had any complaints .
this hamper is cute , however i wished is was a tad sturdier . it fits a good amount of laundry for its size .
much more practical than a waterbag and it smells great . i couldn't get it to fit snuggly around my lean daughter's waist , but it still helped
great add on item for the nose frida . the nose frida comes with 4 filters but it doesn't hurt to have more on hand .
the bottom is so deep it cuts a little into baby's chin while she's sucking on it . so she hated it from the start and do did i .
bought this for our teething 1 year old . she has no interest at all and never even put this in her mouth ...
the child is very like , outlet design is very beautiful , a supplementary daily vitamin d requirements . recommendedgood good good
i love this brush ! i love that it has a stand . its strong and well made . it does the job . i have purchased more .
we can't get enough of haba toys and this one is no exception . my infant daughter loved twisting and pulling it .
love this for all our baby bottle and pumping supplies . also looks great on our counter and is fashionable .
was really easy to adjust for the baby and she loves playing with the toys that's attached it is so cute
my baby seems ok with it , but not excited about it . in addition , the four-feet sometimes stimulates my son's throat and makes him uncomfortable .
we got these to feed our now one year old son . they are the perfect size and are easy to heat up and wash .
we love this mixer because it can make a lot of bottles at once and helps keep out air bubbles . doctor brown's anything is great !
just as described and works like a charm . i definitely recommend these for those looking to cloth diaper their baby .
rather flimsy , i sold this one and purchased one from sears instead . my biggest pet peeve was the canopy - downright useless .
my baby doesn't hurt his little forehead when he gently bumps it in the shower . i have used this many times and it is attractive
my baby loves this swing , and we too ! is very comfortable because it allows to have the baby comfortable anywhere
good concept but very messy and hard to clean up . i should have bought ended up buying an electric food processor .
i love this bottle sterilizer . it cleans the bottles perfectly . the only downsize is the size of the product . other than that is a great product .
this is the only pacifier my baby can hang onto because it is lighter and shaped to his mouth better . love these pacifiers .
really soft and useful bib for your little one . its easy to clean and takes care of mess unde the table .
these three little animals tied my babies nursery together perfectly . i love the price and the quality ... very happy . would recommend !
a great gift for my 19 month old grand daughter . it's soft music doesn't startle her when it pops up .
intalled easy , nice pressure adjustment ( watch out if using for cloth diapers not so spray too hard ! ! ) great product and nice to use .
soft and cozy blanket . keeps my baby warm and comfortable . i would give five stars if the inner side was lined
buying 2nd one as demanded by wife - what more can i say . the pull out little brush can be used with nipples and breast pump parts .
changing table are all mostly the same to me . i do love the decoration on the top of this one and it is very sturdy .
she doesn't use it yet so it's not much that i can say but me i love it . .
very cute toy that will help stimulate baby's brain . easy enough for even a little baby to press the keys .
the baby loves them . she especially loves to grab them and remove them from her feet ! they are well made .
very nice and soft sheets . my baby sleeps very comfortable in them . they are not too warm i just wish they were waterproof but overall great sheets .
just opened the package . i loved it :) hope she loves it too :) its big enough and very affordable .
the only pro is the handles , the rest of the bottle was terrible compared to avent's regular natural bottles and nipples . i recommend the nuk
i like the print and it fits our mattress well . i wish it was a little softer though . good price point
love them ! buy a small garment bag and wash them in it or else they will disappear in the wash.great product !
finally a size that fits me and allows for better milk supply when pumping . the m size worked but these work better for me ,
love this walker , even though my little one doesn't ... i guess she is just too lazy to walk yet :)
this is a soft material that is great for changing on because it doesn't get " cold " and instead the baby loves it .
great drying rack , holds much more than the other munchkin racks and is very convenient in the kitchen since it has two tiers and rotates ... great item
great little machine . worked well to get out the yucky snot stuck in the nose .
this is the perfect changing pad to use anywhere : changing table , couch , floor , either at home or on the go !
sunshine kids harness clip is easy to use . well designed seat and their attention to detail and safety is why i chose their products .
i use avent bottles and avent pacifiers , and haven't had any problems with colic or gas . no nipple confusion either .
very cute and soft . my 8 month old daughter sleeps with it every night , and it's no so big that it would be unsafe .
this is what you see is what you get to the tee ! these are cute and useful , i like the colors !
great mattress for the price , no complaints . came on time and compared to the other one i bought for the same price it works fine .
adorable ! good quality clip , tight stitching . bright colors & good variety of prints . the designs will work well on a variety of pacifiers .
too small for my dream on me mini crib mattress the fabric is a bit cheap looking overall would not recc
my granddaughter loves this pillow ! it is just the right size and firmness for her . i am well satisfied with it .
our little one learned to use a straw with this cup . he loves the soft straw.it ' s the perfect size at 7oz.the top seals well when closed .
i love this bath seat , it's the perfect size for my baby , it keeps her in place and allows me to bath her easily .
cheap and keeps the binkie off the ground . the little clip also doubles as a fascinating toy for curious babies .
these cloths are a good price and absorb a lot of spit up , but they do shrink up once they are washed
this is sooo soft ! and it's adorable , washable , and comfy . i highly recommend to anyone to buy this product . it is wonderful
does what it's supposed to do , we have 2 - one for me and one for daddy to bathe our son together .
a very stable crib and look perfect with the baby room . however , the paint smell very bad for the 1st week .
love this little rattle . i shake it then give it to my guy and he seems to have fun with it
not good quality and didn't fit my toilet . i suppose its ok as a travel one if you need that .
these are great to keep in diapers bags and around the house as burp cloths , drool wipes , and general clean up for our 4 month old son .
i used with the quinny stroller and it works fine , it only gets in the wat when you fold the stroller ( which is a small issue )
one of the few toys that my baby is actually entertained by . i'd tried several other mobiles this is the first one that's actually caught his attention .
we love wubbanubs , however this one is not great because the legs dont offer any support for you to make sure the paci stays in the babys mouth .
bought this for my 6 month old . she was easily able to use it and it has become her favorite .
we got this along with the correlating plate and couldn't be happier ! the prongs on the fork are effective and our son loves feeling like a grown-up .
even my preschooler seems to have more stuff to carry than this can fit . it doesn't even fit a bath towel and a swim suit .
baby didn't like bottle . not bad concept but for breast fed baby that is picky she didn't like silicon nipple .
these peeled off before i even used the bottles or washed them . i was extremely dissapointed . the idea is great but they just don't stick !
okay , so it has a magnet . i never use the magnet , ever . i should've just went to wally world and purchased cheap measuring spoons .
we use this changing pad cover very often , as it makes the experience of changing dirty diapers a little better and decorative .
these balls were a big hit , even the father of the child played with them .
it takes up very little space and it is very comfortable to kneel on . it is also inexpensive which is also important .
they're my go-to favorites as far as bibs go . easy to clean , don't collect mold like others do . great designs .
my daughter was pleased for her 7 month old daughter to receive this for her 1st christmas . it turned out to be an excellent choice .
a tiny bit too small for the mattress but fits fine . material is soft . washes well . seems to be made sturdy . can't beat the price .
this gate is awesome . very easy to put together . loving it swings closed . looks nice and secured . worth the money ! thank you !
not very easy to take on and off - with one hand . my other hand is always busy holding my daughter !
easy to assemble , takes up little space , functional , able to take apart to clean in the dishwasher , and inexpensive . highly recommended for bottle feeding .
great for quickly mashing food for my baby . i have a baby food processer and sometimes don't want to get it out and wash and this is perfect .
perfect for sorting toys . i have books in one . kids play on the top or sit which is nice too .
my baby always has his fingers in his mouth so i thought he would love it but doesn't really .
if you find yourself pumping on a regular basis this is a must have ! the size is easily adjustable , it's comfortable and easy to use and wash .
i am using this for my cloth diapers and some other baby items . it installed easily in the closet and seems to be holding up fine .
having a potty seat with a step and handles attached is the ultimate in self sufficiency for a toddler . good quality .
sturdy and easy to handle for little ones . we got two sets in blue and green . great as a gift too .
thick but not too thick . it's still soft after washing . works really well ! this is probably my favorite baby cloth wipes .
this is a great bottle brush . it lasts a long time before i had to get replacement . i definitely recommend this .
seem very nice but the frames of the infant pegpergo car seats are to large and over hang the pad
very convenient to just put the strap on your stroller . it's easily to just take one wipe without the others coming out .
it does the job , sticks on any restaurants table surface and it is cute ! easy to put it on and remove !
fits perfectly in a pack n play . i use a king sized pillow case to cover it and that works well for us .
this laundry scoop sticks to the washing machine and doesn't get lost ! i love it ! perfect size scoop to use with charlie's soap .
i can't believe i bought this in 2 colors ! the fabric gets extremely itchy after being washed and tumble dried ! ! pills like crazy .
all these bath toys need to be diposed often since you can't cleaned them well . so i like the price and they have cute colors .
we stared using the monitor a month ago and we are very happy with the purchase . it helped to transition the baby to his own room .
excellent nipple brush . soft yet durable , highly recommend this to anyone who is cleaning bottles as regularly as we do ! !
there is nothing else to say . they are perfect plates . i would use it for me . heck they are that great .
great product ! very sturdy and strong , nice looking hooks , they carry my purse , the diaperbag , the shopping bags and more ! love them !
this pacifier holder is fine . it does the job its supposed to do , i wasn't really expecting anything marvelous out of it .
mixes formula great and minimizes bubbles . i can prepare many bottles for the day with this product - love it !
my infant showed little interest so they have not been too useful . i also don't like the plastic material .
this does it's job and is a great value at 200 sheets per roll ! i only wish it was slightly thicker .
i love that you can buy the spare parts on amazon ! having an extra one on hand is a huge benefit when the other one is still drying .
my son loves this . especially at night he sees pics upon the ceiling . makes him calm down and helps him sleep .
great for my kids ! ! they are used for hot meals , liquid meals or just plain cereal or cookies.and it's bpa free
perfect for what it is , simple yet comes in handy to keep baby toys attached we would buy these again
these spoons are soft but for a teething child they arent good because my daughter chewed the soft part off so now its just a metal spoon .
it is extremely hard to read the measurements on these , but i like the set because of all of the different tools .
this pump is a lot gentler on the nipples ， several suction , free my hands , not cause mother hand , only lack of each battery cannot be used
i keep one of these on my changing pad at all times . it makes for easy cleanup when there is an accident or mess when changing a diaper .
my only bad point is because is a little small , i'd rather have a 3 inches longer . but it's great !
i love that this can be used as a burp cloth or has snaps for a bib . it works great !
these are handy to carry in my grandma diaper bag . good size for little hands to learn to use utensils .
it's very uncomfortable and not big enough to cover the baby . i wish it was a little wider than it is
while my son is drinking from the cup , the part where the plastic spout meets with the lid comes apart and leaks all over the place .
people always laugh and ask where on earth we got this pacifier . it's a great conversation starter and i plan on purchasing the cowboy one soon :)
great little straps ... but i need to use both together to get the desired length . so buy a few packages of them .
my baby loves chewbeads . i have a neclace and he loved chewing it so much i decided to get the teether as well .
the product was as advertised . couldn't be happier with it and the reviews helped me select this item . love it !
this is a very cute binky . we have received a lot of compliments on it . unfortunately it's too heavy and frequently falls out of baby's mouth .
at almost three months my baby was holding on to her book and playing with it . this was a great buy for her , she love the sounds .
practical and great ... works well for securing my baby's toys to her highchair . she is fascinated with watching them dangle beneath her also ... lol .
the dispenser keeps the wipes form folding while in the diaper bag which makes it harder to get the wipes out .
i never have to worry about my wipes drying out . just make sure to use distilled water to prevent any buildup .
it's easy to pump breast milk now . the 36 mm breast sheilds help me much . i can get more breast ilk than before .
this is such a smart idea . life is crazy with a newborn and this keeps me organized . i especially like the thank you card check list .
nice quality , very attractive . rattle is quiet and not annoying . its a bit expensive , but you get what you pay for .
i still got bubbles in the milk bottle but it wasn't as bad as when i use other mixers or when i shake it .
except i don't use it as a bottle i use it to store clean water for my little girls formula . i love the rubber sleeve
this is a great car seat ! i'm confident my child is safe and secure :-) and he loves having 2 cup holders
this crib skirt went great with my nursery , and it's high quality and doesn't wrinkle after laundering . i would definitely recommend !
the rags are really soft , and slightly thicker than others i have . the colors don't run when bleached a little . good quality .
very easy to operate with one hand and fit perfectly in the archway between the living room / kitchen . keeps the kid in , and the dog out !
the bendy ball is very easy for a baby to hold onto . it is bright and colorful and holds my daughter's interest for a great length of time .
do not like this product at all , i need to return it . very cheaply made and difficult to use . i do not recommend .
fits perfectly . it arrived clean and sealed up . it was cheaper than buying medela brand and absolutely no issues with quality .
i couldn't believe how loud the monster trucks were ! so glad i thought to get these . my son wasn't bothered at all .
i get a lot of use of the masher , but not the bowl , which has grooves and is difficult to clean .
we bought this to feed our twins and love it . we even bought a second one so we could wash one while we had formula in the fridge .
my baby doesn't like it so much . he chockes with the pacifier . i don't know why .
the information for this product misleads me . it stated that the origin is usa and when it arrived , it is china .
the fabric is really nice and the holes for the straps are on the sides so they don't get in the way
my little boy loves this thing . great buy and half the price of any where else .
we have used snappis since we started cloth diapering . they are so handy and i don't have to worry about sticking me or my son with diaper pins .
i'm very happy with this changing pad ... you never know what you need / want as first time new mom ... this was a good choice .
i was very pleased with this item , the price was was very reasonable what a great product a special place to keep all your child's special keepsakes
what works for one infant may not work for another . you have to find what is comfortable for your baby and go with that style .
it's convenient , but not durable at all . it took not more than 3 days before the material started to get apart.in 3 weeks i threw it away
we do use the dr . brown bottles but they work fine with this sterilizer . it is quick and seems thorough .
excellent colour and material ! great for playing during bath time and also to pouring water on my daughter in the bathtub .
thie mattress that i received seems to be great quality . however measures less than 2 and 1/2 inches thickness . my five month old does sleep comfortably here .
i bought this because our daughter kept going for our remote . works great and tge music selections are not annoying .
gerber mits are better . these are a awkward shape and hard to get on , and don't stay on . get gerber ones or carters .
my kids use this cup for smoothies and i love it . so easy to clean and easy for them to grip . i have no complaints .
these bottles stink . the milk gets sucked into the breastlike top and is really difficult to get out . did not like .
our little one loves this little whale ! plus she doesn't crack her head on the spigot any longer which we love . it fits perfectly and it's cute !
this is a must have if you are cloth diapering . it makes cleaning up dirty diapers a breeze . we would definitely recommend it .
still not using it but looks great.if u have big b .. , don't use it for breastfeeding . i think it's made for women who have small boobs .
purees very soft food such as cooked potatoes and pearsnot good for meat , no matter how much liquid is added
smells wonderful , it lasts forever and keeps my baby skin and hair clean and smelling soo good . i always gel compliments on how beautiful my baby smells
these are exactly what i needed ! needed to replace some parts and was hoping these were the right ones and the worked perfect !
great ! all i use for my baby not too expensive ither , would recommend . last long and are great for my baby and budget .
i have used this for other small random things that need to be sterilized & baby bottles come out clean as can be !
awesome price ! love how it is a baby and toddler mattress all in one ! wonderful !
fun to have the different colors . they are functional and practical . seem to be pretty durable plastic . happy with the purchase
we've used it for couple of years and it's held up its shape through the dishwashers . we've used it few times in the microwave .
love this . super easy to use and wash . only thing i'd change is the option to take off the shoulder straps once my son out grows them .
this is well made , soft material , adorable pattern . this will be the blankie our baby has forever . definitely a useable keepsake .
had to return it because my son didn't need it but loved the idea of not having to push a big stroller .
fits on one side of the handlebar and can be folded with stroller . i'm very happy with it . seems stable .
didn't use this cup much at all . the spout collapses when my son was drinking out it , causing the liquid to come through the top .
i prefer this pillow to the boppy which i thought was too big and cumbersome . this pillow seems easier to maneuver .
have not really opened the packaging but one look at it , it looks like tshirt material and looks comfy ! :)
i plan on ordering another one someday . was hesitant till i knew that it would cover end to end ! and it does so was very happy !
i absolutely love these ! they're so soft and i don't think we've had any stains . they also have shown very minimal wear / fraying .
just what i needed - sanitation bags and bottles and shields , oh my ! love it and suggest it to anyone with a medela
it's cute . but my kid didn't care for it at all . wish i didn't spend $ 20 on a teether . waste of money .
love this swaddler . it is certainly nice in the winter months when its cold out . it keeps her warn and snuggly
my son loves these cups . they are really cute . they are secure and you hear a click when twisted on to ensure they are sealed .
i bought these as a gift for my nephew . they are nothing special . a little pricey for what you actually get .
appealing , easily grasped by baby hands , and soothing ... what more can you say ! consider it a must for a sweet little teething one !
these are pretty soft and they are easy to put on to the car seat straps . very simple and affordable .
we love our changing table ! it's a nice way to keep all the needed materials in one spot !
made nice just like the gate . once you put it on there you will forget it's an attachment and just think the gate was made that way .
i put one on the closet we keep the bulk of our chemicals in as an extra precaution besides the door locks . helps with my peace of mind .
i keep this at my house for when my grandson comes . it has worked out very well . highly recommend . nice design .
this makes pumping soo much easier ! in addition to the fact that you can be hands free , you don't have to get completely undressed to pump !
these are perfect for securing a toy to a car seat or whatever . good idea , and so easy to use . i recommend this item .
great booster for the price & we love that it latches to the seat , the last one we had kept sliding every time my son would get up .
the baby doesn't care about it . my 8 month old has had this toy since he was born and he's never wanted to play with it .
it seems all hooded baby towels are thin , but these are definitely the softest i've found ( and they're really cute too ! ) .
i dont know why exactly but this is and always been my babys favorite toy . i think its the colors and different textures .
i love that we didn't have to use tools to mount this onto our stairway . it's easy to open and close , sturdy and great . highly recommend !
restocking my baby gear for new grandson arriving soon . love this blanket because it it comes out of the dryer very soft and fluffy - just like new .
these are more sanitary than plastic bottles . plus they warm up much faster than plastic bottles . it keeps the heat well too .
this is a great base and cheaper than the grey version . great quality and great price ! i would absolutely purchase this again !
came brand new , original packaging . very cute for boy or girl . will also use in my baby shower gift baskets .
very impressed with product . 6 month old is just learning to sit on his own and i don't worry about his tumbles or falls on this soft foam .
this sheet has deep pockets and fits well over any crib mattress . it is not as soft as other crib bedding but has laundered well so far .
my son just loves his bouncer . it vibrates which is very soothing for him and he loved all the colorfully animals on the hanging bar .
these get the job done when i'm in a pinch , not at home to wash my parts and unable to use my steam bags .
these worked with the medela breast pump . two different sizes comes in the box . one size did work with the natural flow bottles .
this bottles are so good . my 4 months daughter love it more than the tommee tippee bottles . they are the best bottles to clean . buy it !
velcro sucks ! and it is such a nuisance to open and close . don't buy this unless you want an extra hassle
they are thicker than i thought , but breathable . they are easy to install and the color is just gorgeous ! i recommend them
good quality nipples . silicone is not thin as the others we have tried . price i paid is about right . my kids are not complaining.made in usa .
super easy to use , comfortable , easy to put on and take off . definitely holds the horns and full bottles of milk without needing hand support .
the pad is cute , washes up well , and does the job advertised . i couldn't ask for more than that , really .
i had another spout cover , but it was way too big and kept falling off . this inflatable spout cover works great and is very affordable !
it works great . very easy to use . so nice to have my hands free . the print is cute . very comfortable .
the bristles are soft and product is easy to use . my son loves it ! thank you for a great product
this sheet is very pretty but the material is super scratchy , even after mulitple washes . i would expect a crib sheet to be softer from the strart .
my son loves these . he has lots of fun with them in the tub . i like that they are bpa free .
i took my little one on his first plane trip and this cover was the perfect fit for our car seat . everything arrived intact and clean .
well so far , nothing gets through this . it's very soft but it's not very wide . it would have been nice if it were wider .
love these . so easy . great for multiple uses . breathable . use it all the time , especially in the summer . cute design too .
it is a very soft sponge but very pricey ! the size too small too ... i am sure won't buy it because i will find a better one sooner
i'd rate this " better than nothing " but not an essential . there are other juice box holder concepts out there . " insulation " doesn't last long .
nice , never leaked , just froze flat in the freezer . good quality :)
my granddaughter sleeps really good on this new mattress and it fits nicely into the crib and crib sheets fit nicely
i bought this b / c i heard good things about this brand . too drying and overpriced . i don't recommend it at all
i got these as a baby gift for my friend they were really cute and i think she liked them
works great but it could have been a bit cheaper . it fits perfectly and it's not too bulky to carry with you in the stroller .
i've had many different bath crayons and these were the worst . they melt in water really fast compared to the others .
i bought for my daughter , who is expecting baby and she loved it . soft colors and very beautiful . on-time delivery and very good price
gt these to use for my son when adding a little bit of cereal foot his bottle . worked great wasn't to fast and let thicker stuff through easily .
as far as changing pads go this one is very nice . it shipped fast and seems pretty soft . looks great in baby room .
it is a very soft freshener , put it in my diaper genie and still smelling yacks but i believe less than before !
these sheets are so super soft . plus , there is no shrinkage , or pilling . they are great quality .
this tub is great ! my lo loves taking baths in it - the vibrations are relaxing and the canopy is comfortable . highly recommend !
and tnat does ceirtanly my todler also , they are roomy , cute and he just loves to have them on , i have already 3 :d
baby likes sucking on sides as much as he does brushing , but i feel good about this toothbrush / its materials .
my son loves this . it is a little trouble to wash but very cute to watch him hold . adorable :)
i bought this for my great niece as a christmas present because i thought it would be a great gift for someone so small and i was definately right .
the clay does dry very fast so you have to have everything ready while doing the casting . unfortunalely we have cracks on the on one of the casting .
good for the price , not amazing but a decent value and i would recommend it , it is strongly made very solid
these are my favorite wipes . they work great in the wipes warmer and are of good quality and have held up very well to frequent washes .
our swing only lasted eight months . i'm totally bummed . my baby loved this swing so much and now he is without . boo !
my daughter ( 5 months ) can hold this and enjoys chewing it ... just like she is easting a banana . it is adorable !
these work great when on the go with baby . the clip makes it easy to store and they work very well regardless of where you are going .
lifefactory bottles are my favorite baby bottles ... these caps work awesome if you want to travel with liquids without leakage or spills .
our daughter loves this toy , however is constantly getting her arm or hand stuck in it . be sure to watch closely when your baby plays with it .
my husband and i love this memory book for our little girl . the quality is nice and it's beautiful . perfect !
this is my son's favorite thing in the whole world . if you are down with using pacis , just get one of these !
super cute mirror ! ! i bought the fish and penguin . my boys love looking at themselves and sticking the the walls !
i love that this is bpa free ! happy with durability and attachable strap . good product at a reasonable price . it has served me well .
we actually got about 8 of these binkeys between shower gifts and what he was given in the nicu and we loved having all of them .
mechanically sound but not very effective . dual electrics are really what you need to pump on a regular basis . maybe just me though .
i use them regularly with no complaints . easy to clean and lids stay on good , i accidently dropped one and the lid stayed on .
they're cute , they're durable , they're large enough to actually work . bumkins does a great job with their bibs , i'd recommend them to anyone .
i recommend this product 100 % ... it is that i expected ... you can buy it and trust that it is a good product ...
these are amazing , soft , thick , great quality . i'm on baby 3 and i've never loved any blankets like these , really great . highly recommend
we really like these straps . we put them everywhere , and they hold strong . so simple to use , no tools needed .
it prevents my son from bonking his head on the bathtub faucet . he doesn't take it off , and it looks cute .
oh gee , these are real nice ... gotta work the zipper with care it will come off the track - - - but easy to put back on ...
i wish this was a little louder but i do like it . my son loved white noise . it was the only thing that would comfort him .
do not need to worry the soothie be lost . it is good for parents to have one when they need to go out with their babies .
purchased this for myself for new baby . i absolutely love it i would recommend a waterproof cover to help with staining though
as ridiculous as this looks , this bra really does provide for convenient hands-free pumping . the bra has several ways to adjust for just the perfect fit .
this is great for new born babies , but after three months the bristles are just way too soft good-quality nice-wood but do not recommend for long-term use
los bebes se divierten mucho en la bañera con sus juguetes de baño , son practicos , seguros y como les sale agua es un motivo de entretención .
i love this product . its safer than a blanket . i highly recommend it . i give them out as gifts too .
these are good but its you leak a lot then they may not be best because you will have to change them !
my 21 month old daughter loves this . it's taught her patience , hand eye coordination and she picked up some new vocabulary :) full review : [ ... ]
great stroller / car seat toy ! lots of textures and things to look at .
this little gem has beautiful soft music . it rotates at a nice slow pace . it even calms me down when listening to it .
nice all in one toy . my baby loves it so well . just that it took time to come . it nice anyways .
this visor has helps with bath time . our toddler was fighting us about washing her hair . she no longer screams when we pull out the shampoo !
i like the bassinet pads because they are bigger , these are just a smaller version of them . still , they serve the purpose .
the puppet it just like " blah " in baby mozart , my baby loves it ! i would recommend getting this , its a great gift .
seriously ? ? how much for one shirt ? ? ? i assumed it was a multi-pack , too . silly me for not reading the other negative complaints .
i love this colorful feeding set . perfect for toddlers , to carry around . will probably be ordering another set very soon .
it's only one clip not two - way overpriced for $ 8 so i sent it back . the ulubulu clips are my favorite
my 16 month old got this for christmas and she couldn't love it more ! it's her favorite doll accessory toy !
this is much bigger than standard change mats that come with your diaper bag . great for public restrooms . has decent padding .
love this but i would have preferred the middle part to be soft rather than the plastic feel . but i love it anyhow
bought for my niece great price arrived before time said and once again a great price ! ! great toy for babies !
perfect , exactly as described and not made in china ! i love how soft it is and my baby loves it , which is always a plus .
we ordered them to go with osocozy prefolds and our thirsties duo wraps . they work perfect and keep us from having leaks .
you would not know its not medela brand ! does the job perfectly and for half the price its totally worth it .
works well , just wish i had started it a lot earlier . my daughter hates having it touch her head & doesn't understand it :-(
we really like this book . every page has an activity or object to explore . well worth the money . my son enjoys this .
having a separate pocket for the paci is a great idea . only problem with this guy is that it keeps detaching . :(
nothing fancy but works like a charm . comfy and durable , and a great price . works well with standard carters covers .
very good price at eight dollars . i bought two ( probably should have bought more ) on the thinner side but does the job
cotton bundled up on it , just not as high quality as the pillow itself . my wife was said it was disappointing .
cute box to save little items for baby . decent size to put first outfit , first pair of shoes and other keepsakes .
to wear on her first birthday . i loved it because it wasn't too tight on the neck and the fabric was so soft . the colors are beautiful .
my daughter loves this blanket . we also have the dreams blanket . this one is much thinner but a great light weight summer blanket .
the product exceeded my expectations , the velcro is indeed very strong and it is a very sturdy organizer . i'm very pleased with it . totally recommended .
i've used this a ton and it has held up pretty well . it's nice and sturdy and fits well on our stroller . we have an aprica presto .
pros : does the job , easy to take off.cons : ugly , restricts vision , awkward to put on.conclusion : useful but not pretty .
i wouldn't buy it again , waste of money in my opinion . although they are soft ... they are very small in size
this is a cute little rattle with nice girly colors , but , my baby is just not into it yet . nice for the price .
it's thin enough to use as extra cushion in the baby tub and thick enough to do its job . exactly what we wanted
this item arrived on time , does what it says it does and looks nice as well . they are perfect for any nursery or kids room .
good pad for a good price . i don't know why anyone would pay more money for a changing pad . would buy again .
i love this potty for my toddler who is afraid of big potties . we can take it with us everywhere we go !
love ikea mats . totally slip resistant and stays clean . however mat was a little smaller than what i had expected .
i like how these look and the quality , but they need some additional adhesive because my kids just pull them right off .
my grandson's room was done with the cat in the hat theme . we were glad to find this color of cover here on amazon . it worked great !
worked well for what i needed it to do . the shade was dark enough . it did dry out like others said .
i like the bent neck but since i didn't use any other bottles i have nothing to compare it to .
this is the best straw cup i have found . tough and has the least amount of leaking ( nothing it truly leak proof )
i purchased 2 of these and washed them numerous times in a 3 week period and they are like new .
we used these pacifiers pretty heavily from 4 wks old to 3.5 months . now he has self weaned down to use them only when trying to fall asleep .
these have been overall nice pacifiers . my baby will only take it when he's tired and wants to sleep . easy to clean .
works with / attaches to almost any chair and is small enough and easy enough to take any where . love this chair !
i use these for burp cloths and not diapers . they are nice and small for newborns and great to just throw in a diaper bag . very useful .
too small i returned it . but i carry a lot in my diaper bag . might be good for those that don't put a lot in their bags .
in theory it's good , but it's too small to cover my baby's front . we end up getting food still all over him when using this one .
same as the pacifier that you get at the hospital in the nursery just in a pretty color so the baby doesn't know the difference and adjust well .
my 6 month old loves this toy ! different textures and sounds - very nice . really all lamaze toys are great quality .
best baby item i bought . no more milk leaking out of the bottom of the flanges and i get my hands back !
we are huge elephant fans ... so this was a no brainer for us . the material is very soft and it's good quality . good buy !
a great deal for four storage bottles . the bottles are good quality . good for storing and freezing and bottle use !
these are made for new born babies and that is it . & the quality is awful looks so cheap and poorly made
this changing pad was the basic , but it was much better than the one inch flat one that came with the changing table !
very simple , very clear item for my breast feeding baby . i used it when he was born and he becomes very healthy , will continue .
looks great , i love the one click lid and you only need one hand . we have 2 of them . highly recommended
very easy to use and wash . there is a zipper cover so no worrys about baby being scratched by it . my baby loves it .
its ok , it works , they say 2 pums at once is better.recomend u get it , its a good buy .
towels were thin , after one wash they faded , i bought this for a shower , ok , but not great to buy .
my kids fight over who gets the scooper . works well with other bath toys too . thinking of ordering a 2nd one .
my son is a messy eater and these keep the mess from getting all over him . absorbent and large couldn't ask for anything more from a bib .
this product is exactly as it states . replacement caps for medela bottles . its so nice to be able to find these .
colors are fabulous for babies ! bought as a gift and it was very well received ! ! great price too ! i would recommend it !
they are as i expected and described . not much more to say about a product that holds snacks for kids .
cute pattern , quality is so-so . fit is getting a bit tighter after each wash . cotton is fairly thin .
i have been making some on my own because i didn't want to buy it , but it is so worth it
this cup leaks and the lid doesn't screw on well after awhile . i won't buy it again . you get what you pay for .
these spoons are of the perfect size and are very helpful on baby's skin until you can transition to using regular steel spoons .
the way the pocket hangs , it closes up on itself , so it doesn't catch spills very well . stick with the oxo roll up for travel .
this is such a perfect towel for my toddler . it is huge and soft and really drys her well . i will be buying more
wish these came in darker colors , but otherwise a good product . i used these postpartum for my last couple weeks of bleeding .
these bibs serve as bibs and wipes . the material is perfect - soft on a child's skin . i highly recommend this product .
fantastic product that easy to use . i can cook a whole lot of food and store away to leave more time in my day to spend with my child
we've been using this pad for several months and it's holding up great ! it doesn't soak up anything and is very easy to clean .
cute and efficient . when i need to close the door , i just put it around the door knob . simple but practical
this is my favorite aden and anais print ! i wish they carried this print in more items ! i love this muslin cotton material the most of all !
if you have the grass you need the twig . i use it to dry passies . also looks really nice in the kitchen !
these are so cute and they match the color scheme for our daughter's room . i have no complaints ... glad i purchased it .
great product at great price . works well on dressers and tables and aren't so apparent as other expensive brands . will buy more soon
this is very cute and as advertised . true to color and size . can hold up to a 4x6 pic easily .
i bought this bear blanket for a baby shower and it's beautiful and excellent product like all carters brand . i'll buy more very soon .
shipped in nice original box.four corner plus the long strip - as described . a nice touch is the double-sided-tape is 3m and not some cheap fall-off-next-week tape .
since it has changed the quality , i stopped buying them.now i'm using target wipes and works just fine , or better .
fits my graco pack n play great and love how they are thicker leaving a little padding for my baby .
love these bibs . they protect clothing and make for easy cleanup , even with older kids .
size is very adjustable , something that is essential for growing babies . like with most diaper covers , though , the stiff velcro strip irritates my baby's belly ...
these are great ! i would never use pins . they are easy to clean , easy to use . so glad i bought them .
my baby loves this , the sound is very cute , it goes wherever we go ! i recommend this to every parent !
sheet is a bit stretchy , i did not expect jersey material , but it has a cute pattern , carters brand is much better
finally , an outlet cover that my 18 month old can't figure out how to remove !
i'm very happy with the stroller . it seems to be well-made and sturdy , folds quite compactly and steers well . the colors are fun and bright .
i don't know if it's just my dishwasher , but the caps and nipples did not come out clean . the oxo seems to be a better one .
we kneel on this thing and it provides the support that is needed . fits perfectly along the bottom of our tub , provides memory foam support .
ancanto , especially their magazines and accessories that brings the colors are combined , but i suggest something , should be internally lined with plastic .
i have two stars because it really doesn't stay well when wearing . i definitely can't sit down while wearing it . just didn't work for me .
this changing station it is practical and cutie ! if want is possible to separate and create a changing pad and a nécessaire indepent
its a little taller than an average palm . and was an instant hit with my new born and 20 month old .
this product is holding up really well . i own it for a while already and have shlepped heavy items and it's in perfect condition .
bought several of these as shower gifts . everyone loved them . good price on these wonderful muslin swaddle blankets . highly recommend
this works well in my daughter's day bed - it holds up well to her tugging and pushing and pulling at it .
great pad , super soft and waterproof . easy on and off and has washed well . much nicer than the babies r us brand and cheaper too !
this product had a strange chemical odor when i opened it . not safe for a baby . also thin and not very soft . i sent it back .
fun for kids around the age of 1 years old . lots of shapes , puzzles , and things to touch and fiddle around with .
this is one of the best ways to clean bottles and know that they are clean . they are easy to use and they work .
its nice and plush . you don't have to worry about your baby hurting himself when falling on it . easy to clean .
this is like the bumpo but cheaper . it's a cute color and my son enjoyed sitting up so he could see around him .
did not like at all ... evenflo babygo glide baby carrier - animal toss ... waste of money could never recommend buying this one ! ~
my baby didn't show much interest on these spoons and for some reason she had a harder time holding them than the regular spoons .
my kids can't peel these off because they're clamped under an inglesina fast table chair . i have no complaints ! cute designs , don't damage tables .
the feel of these were great , however they were too loose for my 8lb newborn . they never stayed on , baby socks would have worked better .
this is a great size . the towel is also super absorbent . the wash cloth is a little big but sooo soft .
these freeze quickly , and are easy too hold for little fingers . he likes the grapes best . easy to rinse clean and pop back in freezer .
this is great for parents who don't know how to swaddle the old-fashioned way . cute design for boys and girls . good size for bigger babies .
i wish these were fluffier , they are ok i guess for giving my boys a bath . i guess for the cost i cant complain too much !
we have these among other spoons . these work well . still using them for my daughter who is two . they hold up well too .
bought these for my daughter and was happy to received girly colored ones . my daughter will only use these type of pacifier
my friend is planning on cloth diapering and i know she will need a lot more but these are a great starting insert !
the fabric is very soft and the print is adorable . washes really well . thisis a nice light-weight garment . convenient and versatile .
we loved how sturdy this chair was unfortunately we had to return it as it was too tight for our son .
fits a lot . holds up great . nice compartments . easy to roll . my two year old rolled this through international airports no problem .
we bought this for our little neighbor toddler and she seems to enjoy it and handle it quite a bit . glad we got it for her .
they're super cute and they go on & off the shirts easily . i would recommend these for baby girls . :)
maybe it was me but i couldnt get comfortable with this thing . i found myself not using so i returned it .
love this brand of crib sheets and snatch up every time i see a bargain for them . lightweight , breathable and cute prints .
great , works so well in every situation , nice large claw for quick attachment , a velcro loop , and the arm is great for portable crib .
my daughter loves hers ! she will not sleep without or take a regular soothie anymore . i had to order a few more for back up
i like this set . i got everything i needed in one set different colors too . it is a great product very much recommended .
they are cute and soft . i fed the baby by the spoon and gave him the fork for chewing fun . he loves the texture .
these spoons are fantastic , this is my second time purchasing these because two just wasn't enough . highly recommend for babies 6 months and up .
pro : holds toys in a colorful , fun way.con : several of the suction cups have chronically weak hold ; they let go and the whole thing sags .
very cute toy . there is some spinning and crinkling parts and it is a good size . i use with a graco carrier .
this pad helps protect my great grandchild from soiling her mattress and is easy to clean . doesn ; t shrink when washed
it is poor quality and weak . it could not hold tight onto the wall . after installing , we decided to return .
suction on this toy is quite good but the problem is the top of it comes away from the base to easily .
we returned it for a graco ultra cargo.the arm rests on coscos are a joke . i guarantee they will break off with little effort .
wife needed them and there great to have extra when needed so they were great to have , again again again
just bought this food feeder with the replacement ... love it so far .. reasonable price , better then those net thing because it is easy to clean .
this is mirror is so big , it really is perfect . i love the little accessories , nice and light and fun bright colors .
fun toy that baby comes back to again and again . sounds like a rain stick , too , which is a bonus .
our closet is much more orderly with this organizer . nice quality and color . plenty of hangers too . glad we bought this ,
this fits our boppy cover perfect . it's at least $ 10 if not $ 15 cheaper here than anywhere else . love it .
i love this nuk because little hands that aren't coordinated enough yet , can't accidentally remove the nuk and toss it . my daughter's favorite brand of nuks .
i know this sounds gross to suck out the snot , but i promise it works . no more blue bulb suckers for this family .
these sleep sacks are perfect for your babies and fit them as they grow . safest way to keep them warm .
this is great for looking back at my daughter to make sure she is alright . she can also look and see me , which calms her sometimes .
love the thickness of this compared to the thin graco pack n play sheets . wipes easily and fits perfectly . carters is a great brand
excellent mattress that converts the pack n play into a comfortable sleeping bed for my babies ! babies are so happy sleeping and hanging out on this !
this pacifier clip came in brand new condition , excellent quality , great color and exactly what i was expecting to receive .
easy to use and store which is what i was looking for . i haven't had any leakage problems yet like i did with lansinoh .
thought they would be bigger . they were really small and would not stay on the furniture . i was quite disappointed .
i love this product . affordable , practical and good for all seasons because in nyc our air conditioning gets pretty cold at night .
my son is huge , 31 " and 24 lbs at 8 months . needed way more room than the gar animals ducky tub could offer .
cute brush and comb . the brush is soft and both the comb and the brush have a nice rubber grip . good value compared to other products .
i tell every new mom to buy one . great quality and makes pumping bearable.very soft and adjustable . will buy again if need be but seems very durable
fits perfectly , holds any size cup snugly . and stays put without a problem . you can use it on any stroller .
this is a cute little cozy . my son loves to suck on the tags so it's perfect for that . cute design and very soft .
i love how you can have storage for four different types of snacks . the lid rotates and seals . great product .
my 3 month old loves this ! it keeps her interested and we actually bought this for our house and one for each of the grandparents ' houses !
my baby loved her " ellie " . she hated being in her carseat and the wubbanub soothed her to sleep every time . the elephant is adorable .
these products are great in the fact it teaches the little ones to feed themselves and our daughter loves it ! ! !
this was a great thing to have when my little guy decided to chew the rails . it held up well for many months . i would recommend .
we ordered these for my son's 1st birthday ( he's 1/2 chinese ) and they are of excellent quality and he loves playing and stacking them . excellent purchase !
skip this sippy cup . it pours right out . the design makes no sense . i wish i could return it . skip .
these nail scissors seem high quality and very easy to use . i haven't cut my baby yet - fingers crossed !
it is very durable . the bear is very firmly attached , the back is a smooth clip so it doesn't bother your little one . everything i expected .
i use this about once a week to sterilize my bottles and breast pump accessories . quick and easy to use . very convenient .
good bathtub toys for infants and toddlers . these are good quality and have lasted for over a year with no problems .
i like this neat turtle and so does my 5 month old ! i got it for my son for chrsitmas and he enjoys looking at the stars !
i like the color . but the pipe is too big for a two years boy . it is good for a adult .
the mattress came inside a broken plastic wrap . look dirty and very soft instead of extra form . i returned it the same day it arrived .
this car seat is very difficult to install . you cannot get it tight and secure no matter how hard you try .
my baby can not do without it , but this is not a toy and can't leave it with baby alone !
this is great for travel or home . it's the same as th big sheep sound wise , just in a smaller size .
now that my daughter is back to work and using her pump , i could say these wipes are perfect . great !
base is fairly anti-slip , so it doesn't move around much unless you try . comfortable , easy to clean , no complaints . recommended !
i love the design of the bib , so cute.and its very convinient , also its very easy to clean . it save time for me .
daughter loved the mobile . now she loves the music . she turns it on herself in the morning and plays with the little activity stuff .
easy to use . doesn't require baby to open mouth up wide . it's soft and our baby doesn't seem to mind it .
i really wanted to like this bag . great idea with the food area separate from the diaper area . it is just too bulky . i returned it .
too soft and not tall enough . this should either be firmer or taller ( thicker ) because once it squishes down then it's basically worthless .
excellent product and beautiful colors . go thru the dishwasher well . will probably use as a shower gift as needed . .
these are the worst bags . i gagged every time time i went near them . i threw them out and spent a little more
they aren't absorbent . what else matters ? granted much cuter than a cloth diaper / but that works and these don't . i pass .
the socks fall right off . there is no elastic to it and they are big with no form . baby just yanks it right off .
we stll use this drying rack . i lvoe that you can dry many many bottles / nipples and it's the best one i've seen
so nice to take in the carts to keep the germs away ! good product for the money ! plus it's super cute !
this is a comfy yet sturdy changing pad . i definitely recommend this for your newborn's nursery . it is essential and perfect for changing the baby .
the bottles are great but the liners leak had to purchase older type liners and they worked fine not sure why the change is liners
awesome awesome awesome product ! i been using it for about 4 months , i put all my baby girl's clothing and towels and no problem !
this crib is nice and firm . it also has just the right comfort to it . great mattress . i would definitely recommend the purchase !
great tub . i wish it had a temperature strip on it though . i love the infant sling that comes with it !
a great piece for baby to grab on to . can easily be shortened to whatever length you like . i recommend it to any nursing / babywearing mother .
we like these spoons very much . food does sometimes spill when a bit liquidy but i guess most baby spoons will be like that .
we bought two of these . one is in our son's nursery and one is in our living room . they work great . everything we were looking for .
i cannot review this product in a younger child but my son was 4 months when i purchased and it worked fabulously !
great size , very soft . i love using it for my son . colors are exactly like the picture shows . recommend . .
i like the drying rack a lot because it adapts to anything you want to dry , it's very easy to clean and to use .
fantastic item . easily changes up the look of your flair high chair . great color and easy to wipe down and clean .
nice insulation for the cups . folds when you fold the britax stroller . magnetic closure in the middle , great for holding keys .
comfortable , and just want i was looking for , i can notice them through my shirts ( depending on the bra and shirt material ) .
for baby shower and she loved it , just what she wanted ! shipped in the time i was told & would shop again !
i understand the idea behind this but think there are better products out there . maybe you will feel differently . i dont recommend .
cute colors , great gussets and really nice , big and durable velcro . other wraps like thirsties don't have the strong and larger more durable velcro of bummis .
these bibs are waterproof , offer good coverage , have charming patterns , and even a pocket to catch the crumbs . just right !
our baby cried immediately ! babies should be encouraged to look around and hold their heads up - this is like a developmental step back .
i love these lollacups ! i purchased the first one in blue ... this one is green ! my grandson is so happy to have them ..
very soft and cozy ! a little thin but that's to be expected with the price . i would buy again , my son loves the softness .
great buy for the price . i purchased several boxes and take a few along to other peoples houses or when we travel to different hotels .
its big . its hard to install . its perfect for my daughter's safety and comfort while she grows . i have two .
i would buy it over and over again.this is the only container that worked for me ( i tried many before this one ) this keep it organized .
had it over a year still holding up . good product that is priced well . i would recommend it to anyone looking for a bottle rack .
great sippy cup for taking out and about and to day care . great purchase and worth the money . thank you !
soft . nice color . fits great . the dots are dots . nothing special about them . what else can i say , it works .
my daughter likes the balls , but gets board easily with this toy . it needs sounds , or something else for more entertainment .
warning : do not use an enzyme spray on these prefolds , it will decrease the absorbancy.pros : durablecons : shrink in dryer , take too long to dry .
i love these blankets , they are just the right thickness and are so very soft and a good size . i would highly recommend these !
they are exactly what they say the product is . no more no less will protect baby from rubbing . not sure what else to say :)
loved these burp cloth bib combos ! they are soft a good size & functional . i will most likely buy more of these in the future .
saves the leather in our car and the only one certified by britax to actually work in case of an accident g-d forbid .
it can fall off sometimes , but it still does it's job . baby likes it and can easily grab his sippy cup from it .
easy to use comfortable fabric and it folds up very nicely within itself . i would recommend this product to all .
great item . covers clothing adequately . washes well in washing machine . good buy . only wish they had more patterns to choose from .
easy to clean and put on . logo's are cute . not idea for small babies eating more liquid food . pack of 4 works nicely .
it's okay . cheap , made terrible . it does what it's supposed to do , but if a strong wind comes along , forget it !
avent bottles are the only way to go for new babies . they keep excess air out of babies tummy and the result is less gas !
my baby loves the different stimuli with this toy . the different parts of the toy appeal to the developmental stages in babies .
maybe it's just me , but i can't get it to lye all the way down . so its just ok meanwhile .
this product is just as pictured / described . perfect if this is the style of keepsake that you are looking to have .
works exactly as expected . my mother-in-law loves this pad the best of all the pads i purchased . cute and functional
purchased these after seeing a link when i purchased theergobaby sport baby carrier , blue . these have worked great for the teething baby .
was good to keep baby warm without using a blanket . however , the velcro doesn't hold well after being washed , it is wrinkly after multiple washes .
nice travel bed . my daughter hasn't slept much in it though . it is not soft enough . much tougher than i thought .
no fuss , little gas , rarely spit up . i like these better than medela , and would definitely recommend these to others !
what a nice little crib when you need a smaller bed for baby ! it seems to be well made and sturdy . we like it !
love it , since i got missing parts of my bottle covers and i can replace them easily , nice product to safety using .
good for soft , warm food that doesn't have much texture . i wouldn't want to do large amounts with it , but good for small portions .
i bought this as a gift and the couple really liked it , they said the sounds are in fact really soothing and the animal very plush .
i love this on my camry . it works perfect and i can see my baby clearly and check how she is doing . love !
great little sippie cup to start with , no leaks , easy for baby to hold the handles and loves the bright colours .
love that this bag has two pockets to it , one for clean & one for dirty cloth diapers . holds 6 cloth diapers
i love this item - it's so cute and well made . perfect for our woodland themed nursery . i would purchase this again in a heartbeat !
got as baby shower and they seem like they will last a while . nice quality and value for the price
i was pleased with this product . it has nice , bright colors , and appeared well made and sturdy . my niece seemed to enjoy it .
we got the strawberry flavor and my 18 month old loves the flavor and i'm glad that i'm giving her something all natural .
thebabyloves themusic . and must buy item for entertainment . we put it on her carrier and she loves kicking it and activating the music .
replacement filters for the best baby invention ever . no more yucky filters . out with the old , in with the new . nose-sucking for the win .
it worked well ， i used about one months and half since the newborn flow was too slow for him . i recommended for new moms .
ideal mattress for a pack and play - porta crib . babies need support and this does the job . great purchase highly recommend it
both of my daughters have loved this toy . i've purchased it twice for each one of them and they both have played with it for months and months .
i wanted a lighweight stroller but i wanted to have a basket underneath as well . this stroller is the best !
love this , works well on portable crib to the stroller . baby loves the spinning action and the other things on this toy bar
we can't get enough of haba toys and this one is no exception . my infant daughter loved playing with it from 3m up .
these are great . my baby likes to pick them up . it is good to help her with her fine motor skills .
my daughter loves that these keep baby's sippy cup off the ground while in the stroller , and off the floor while in a restaurant !
this is a very cute straw cup . my grandson loves spongebob and this cup . keeps the liquid at the perfect temp until he is done drinking it .
it looked easy to " slide " on , but i was unable to . someone handier than me can probably do it but it's not for me .
the first night my newborn wore it , he slept the night . very soft and comfortable . i wish i had this for my other 2 !
these are great . i recommend rinsing after use and hanging to dry . caked on food is hard to wash off .
this is really cute looking and has everything you need out of an activity mat . my son especially loved looking at the mirror and talking to himself .
these bibs are cute , fit well , catch food well , wash well , and are great overall . we use them everyday on our son .
easy to use , quality incredible , timer is great , variety of music is wonderful ! picture on the ceiling is beautiful and colorful .
i hang this on my first year's spinning drying rack to dry ! the straw cleaning tip is perfectioneach tip serves a needed purposeanother ingenious invention by oxo baby .
i bought these based on previous reviews of these and other products similar . these were great . good quality and fit perfect . they are very soft
fun toy with a lot of diff textures and sounds . my 6 mo old loves it - highly recommend product for anyone w young kids
this was just to cute . i loved the type of material that was used . it looks great in the baby room . great buy ! !
baby lounges in this tub , it is so cute ! comfy , stays inflated and easy to clean . works great for everyone !
not only baby can throw them around in water , you can actually make " raining " with this ball . fun bath activities with this !
my grandson loves this toy . i like the color and character scheme of the toy . i'm please with the purchase .
very please with the quality and coloring of the crib sheet . the crib sheet washed up nicely and did not fade .
these worked fine until the handle broke off after three weeks of use . i do not recommend these nipple brushes .
it is a nice cover but not as big as the pictures show . it does not cover the cart as well as others i have seen .
the book is super cute that comes with it . my daughter loves reading it . she also loves putting her stars up on the board .
this is a wonderful changing pad . i appreciate the contours because it does seem to make the baby more comfortable and secure . i highly recommend it ! !
these burpy bibs are one of my favorite baby products . the fabric is very light but the layers make it thick and absorbant . i definitely recommend these !
great straw cup for toddler since the flow is fast and very easy to clean . also replacement straws are much cheaper then the foogo straw cups .
works great for running and walking , very smooth and comfortable for my baby . i ordered the car seat adapter and it fits great !
my baby loves this toy ! she holds onto it . it's a nice size . pretty big . very colorful and fund for baby .
love these , just wish all 3 of them came with tops and not just the smaller one . but they stick to highchair trey well and easy to use
really great product . work really good tocut the tiny nails.the lens is not very useful , i rather use without .
these bibs come in handy , you can use them as burn cloths or bibs , they are soft , machine washable and stylish .
the do the job . great thing to have for capping the bottles to store pumped breast milk or baby food when baby gets older .
perfectly wonderful carrier , does everything i need and was so very affordable . baby feels secure and my back feels happy !
this is a suit , there are many kinds of style of the bottle.plans to let the baby with the store milk bottle when the bottle for use
this works great and the flexible arm gives me the ability to keep the sun out of her eyes . might buy another .
came quickly and is exactly what i wanted . the local stores didn't have the letters we needed for our nursery so this worked out great .
we have tried so many cloth diapers over the past 10 months . rumparooz is the best , the double leg gusset holds in the messier of boy poo !
this is a very cute blanket and its a reasonable price . it is very sofr . my daughter enjoys it . it would be a great baby shower gift
my boy loves this booster . it will last him a long time . great colors . easy to use .
great organizer . not a necessity but it will save you room in the freezer . would recommend to neat freaks like me ;)
i bought this for my cousin and she bought one for me , it's cute and exactly what i thought it would be
this is a small , easily portable toilet seat . it's a good size for my toddler to sit on , and is very easy to use .
the boppy cover is very cute and fits my nursing pillow perfectly . i couldn't ask for anything more . i love it !
it is very good and easy washed . no leak at all and it is fit very well baby as size .
i bought another tub initially - a friend told me about this one . i will stick with this until my daughter outgrows it . a must have .
best swaddler ! worth every penny ! ! wish they had better boy prints but these did just fine .. recommend these to anyone !
it's easy to cover the whole car seat.it ' s very useful when summer comes . it will keep your car seat cool .
these are super easy to use , and definitely will keep baby out as you need two manipulate two levers at the same time .
my kid won't live without this . he's now 8 months . i bought two !
these are a great fit , easy on , easy off , colors are not ridiculous and obnoxious , it is a great little bib .
this is a must for a toddler wanting to snack on the go , its got a cup holder and it says on place .
our little one loves this bottle . it didn't cause nipple confusion for him and it still works really well ! we have no complaints .
.. but my kid loves this thing . sophie goes everywhere . since my little guy loves her so much ... sophie is def . worth it !
my daughter chewed on this as soon as we put it on the carrier . she new right away . :d love it !
my daughter hated being in this thing for some reason - and she outgrew it really quickly .
it wasn't as big as we thought it would be . very simple , but ok i guess - not sure worth the price ..
my son was nursed until 12 months . he didn't really take a bottle well until he was weaned . now this is the only nipple he willingly uses .
soft washcloths . i have washed several times and have held up well . i would purchase again when i need to .
buying a new set of these tubes instead of trying to clean your moldy ones is totally worth the money !
i love them . my granddaughter ... not so much . maybe when she's a bit older ... she's only 3 months old now .
decent designs that stay on through many dishwasher cycles . lids stay on when dropped . our family and our couches thank you !
a very , very cute concept . a bit thin for naptime at school , but suits the purpose . it is also very cute and colorful
works like a charm ! levels out the car seat perfectly , fantastic match with any hard to level car seat ! a +
i gave it only four stars because the item arrived with some of it missing , that was however resolved.the product does what it is supposed to .
this is a must have for stuffy noses . make sure you aim toward opening and don't push to hard . works very well .
looks great . washes and dries well . we cloth diaper and this does exactly what i hoped it would . works well for us .
perfect and fantastic size for a small kitchen yet holds a lot of bottles , nipples , etc . easy to clean as well and pretty to look at .
cute little step stool its a little short for a 2 yr old to get on toliet by himself unless you have a shorter bowel colors are virbant
i have one from disney princess and decided to buy another a more neutral one and this one beats it . very sturdy and a good value .
very cute , but small ! what more can i say ? adorable monkey pattern . not sure how useful they will be though .
this paci holder is strong and sturdy . it washes well i feel comfortable having it because i know that pacifier won't fall and hit the ground .
this was a great buy and i whole heartedly recommend and dr . brown product . they work so well and very easy maintenece
ordered before baby was born . now started to cut the nails already . nice clippers , easy to hold in the hand .
good deal for the price . quality is ok . matteress is very hard . i dont think i would reccomend this to my friends
good for moms with lots of kids . you can lose track so easly . this helps me with not only my baby but also my toddler .
it's great ! my infant loves it and it calms him down . easy to put together and lightweight . recommend to all .
i wasn't really thinking when purchasing these because the monkeys are big and bulky . they get in my infant's face . will be okay when he is older .
great diaper cover and cute pattern ! i prefer these over the all-in-ones or pocket diapers since you can use them multiple times and can easily change the absorbency .
i ended up giving this product away . shipped fast and quality of product was good but the product has design flaws that doesn't fit cribs with wider slots .
my little girl's name is emily . i got her the emily doll and had to get this book to go with it . very cute set .
well made and a great toy and tether for the price ! all natural is a must for us and this didn't disappoint .
comparing to the oxo tot fork and spoon set we have , they seem to be for really young toddlers who just started learning to use utensils .
i don't have to worry about my son hitting his head on the water spout when he takes a bath . it's a fun addition to the bathtub .
sent me the color is blue , the color is also good , not useful , but looked at the bottle brush is good .
we use this for daycare and it fits three bottles and his food really well . keeps everything cool and does the trick !
the colors are great . they keep the food and milk cold . so glad we got it . perfect size for our twins ' lunch bag .
i and my daughter love these bags . they are easy to clean and dry . very handy for almost any kind of food and very cute .
it is very light basic key set which even a two months old can hold or play with . you can't go wrong with this classic toy .
it was smaller then i thought and i just wanted it to project the stars and not play lullabies but it dose both at the same time
i bought the smalls and don't think i will ever need another size they work perfectly under all of our diaper covers and inserts for extra absorbency .
stroller a little big and clumsy , hard to get in and out of car . otherwise we loved it
my daughter loves that these squeak when she squeezes them ! and the tops are great for her to chew on while teething !
a must have ! my 6 month old son can easily put his thumb in the handle and hold on to it . he also loves it freezing cold !
this car seat & base is super easy to install . very easy to use . i am pleased with the purchase .
i recommend this product . easy to have shipped to your house instead of going to the store and get them .
nice colorful mirror . i like that it stands up on its on and my baby can see himself without me having to reposition it .
the white plastic stained after the first use with pumpkin , and i agree with others , the size is more for a toddler than a baby .
it is garbage ! don't waste your time and $ $ $ on that . the product is totally different from the pic showes .
this is a great sippy cup for those little ones who are changing from bottle to sippy . has a flip lip to cover .
this one works great . easy on and off . comfortable . no need to spend $ 100 - this is a great carrier .
lovely little wash cloths that are big enough to also use as burp cloths . very absorbent and sof or baby .
i have used these through 2 babies with reflux as burp clothes . they have been washed hundreds of times and hold up great .
love my bob ! ! ! i have had several different strollers and will not every buy anything but a bob ! worth every penny !
i love these bibs . grandson is just starting on solid food and it keeps the mess to a minimum . washes well .
these are great , they are pretty much " huggable hangers " for the little ones , they hold the clothes in place and take up less space .
my son likes this toy , i constantly hear him rattling it in the back seat like crazy . they sell this at target for around $ 10 as well
my toddle likes to put her hands into any small hole . i bought this and it really works . good for the low-position outlets .
one more practical and well done product of this brand . small and simple to be carried to every outside places .
when this dispenser is in the diaper bag and gets moved , i find that the materials from one compartment do get mixed up with the one beside .
it gets the job done . nothing to complain.you don't need many of them . the bottom one doesn't hold tight but it work fine .
easy to hold and easy to use , we love it and it helps stop our son from scratching his face up at night .
bought these for a baby welcoming kit for my friend . you get your money's worth because in the store you would have to pay a couple of more dollars
absorbent but threading came undone after the first wash . no . 2s tend to leak out of the insert and into the shell
i ended up ordering more because all my friends babies loved them too ! i even put them in the freezer for extra relief !
love that they snap together in the back for a bib too ! perfect . love the brand . love the pattern too !
works great , fair price , and would buy again . quality is as hoped and we keep extra sets just in case .
this worked well for about 2 or 3 months . it just stopped swinging one day . we never used the little leaf with hanging toy it comes with .
my son always smiles at his mobile . he loves the owl and bird . we have is over the changing table and bed .
the connectors worked really well with my medela symphony . they are easy to clean and work like they are suppose to .
this is at the top of our staircase and our daughter is two now and i feel she is safe and like this gate so far !
i've had sore nipples from pumping / feeding . these helped b / c they go on cool . unfortunately , the cool only lasts for maybe 5 minutes .
bought this as a stocking stuffer for my little one . this will be great for keeping them busy in the car and during church .
has been a favorite teether of my two kids ! there are a lot of tethers out there , and this is one of the few you should get !
i love everything about it other than the fact i do not know why it doesn't come with information on replacing the bags or another roll of bags .
this is a nice product to have . we have a graco carseat and it fits . we bought this over a cozy cover .
i loved putting these up on my sons wall . they made a great addition to his room . they were so many letters that came with it .
i got this toy for my son , and he doesn't really care for it all that much . it's not a very exciting toy .
these are so cute and great quality . helps my baby get a resful night sleep and they are super easy to use .
i like these for younger babies , but they don't hold much for toddlers . they do stay soft with time and are trim .
easy to use and stores are your changing table essentials ! can only about 50 diapers in the side which is so great !
great cups . we used a smaller cup to transition from a sippy cup , and these were the next step . my toddler has had no problems .
love it , i have no idea how anyone could get through a pregnancy without it ! highly recommend and great price .
love it ! i don't have to worry about pinched fingers anymore . we put it in top if the door and you don't even notice it's there .
it was perfect for my baby , good for the price , the color it was nice , it's a good product for kids
works great and is a good size for smaller snacks . being waterproof adds to the value . will be picking up a few more snacks .
my lil one still likes this toy a year later . hope it holds his interest for a lil longer . good price .
these have saved me from a dirty changing table cover countless times . they are waterproof and still soft . i carry one everywhere we go !
extra parts meant less cleaning .. it helped , not to mention when parts got torn from cleaning , i had extra ones .
this works well but is bigger in size than i expected . i would recommend it if you have a larger vehicle . probably not ideal for a smaller car
it slides up and down the seat but overall it is an okay product , for emergency use when there's no seat cover at use
this is a perfect fit for all changing dressers , soft under baby's body , is well made , cleans up easy and last .
so far 3 months of use and still no problems : boil them or steralize in microwavable bags and still haven't had to replace any
product met expectations . our daughter did not use them long though since she prefers her thumb . she continues to use the avent bottles .
these mesh feeders are colorful and sturdy and have withstood much usage and many washings . they are still going strong .
my baby loved it .. several songs with all that colourful lights . cheap and small . classic songs that makes the baby pay a lot of attention .
i got this to cover my boring body pillow . i love it because the color pink makes everything better . plus , it keeps my pillow clean .
this is too small and i have a standard tub fixture . it is hard to get on and off . i would get something else .
this bee storage sits up good and stays in its shape . it holds great as well and is a cute storage to put things in .
we loved this seat ! my little one started her first meals in this chair . it is very comfortable and easy to clean .
these worked exactly as i needed to secure cabinets and appliances when my young grandchildren are visiting . i would recommend to everyone .
it's hard to go anywhere without this . our daughter loves it . it twists , shakes and has several different textures for a baby to enjoy
these wipes are very soft and of very high quality . it's my second time ordering them . they wash and wear well .
our son loves tossing these about and using them to sit up . very fun , we all really like this . yay
excellent toy for babies . easy to grab and easy to bite for teething . soft and cute just as shown and described
these cups are nice and useful , and very very durable , but the water flow is very weak , and frustrating for older toddlers .
arrived fast and perfect … good spoons … dishwasher safe .. baby likes to teeth on them as wellso light but not too light … def recommend
i am just wondering how could other buyers bear this product as the scissor completely won't work ; have to return it . buy a better one .
i wish they would make a side by side one or something similar . good product for storage when you like organization .
it did the trick - kept my baby girl from devouring the crib rail , which is just what we needed !
quality is very good . it is soft and does not stain easily . cute monkey embroidery . i would certainly recommend this item .
love love love . so soft - great quality . i am very happy with the purchase - will probably buy more ...
kind of cheap material , didnt like it very much , we own a bugaboo and this does not meet the quality .
our grandson loves the lamaze robot take along toy . he is 8 months and it plays with it all the time .
scented dog bags would work as well . will use those when i run out . cheaper ... smell nice though ...
excellent product . simple to install and effectively ends all worries about my son accidentally choking on the rubber end of a typical door stop .
really easy to use , good quality plus a fun color . the base is easy to install so its not hard to transfer it to other cars .
used on our gas stove . so far they are toddler proof ! they look good too and not to bothersome to use .
i like this fish with its different textures and it is a good size for younger babies . very pleased with my purchase
unfortunately , my son didn't like the taste . i wouldn't recommend the brush either , it doesn't look like it cleans well .
heats the formula in the bottle to perfect temperature every time . remember to shake the bottle a few times to remove hot / cold spots .
this is designed to feel like a teether , so the baby grabs it and brushes his teeth , a wonderful trick ! my son loves it !
we loved these for our 1 and 3 year olds . they lasted a few months before we threw them in the recycling :)
bought this monitor to replace one i got at my baby shower .. wish i would of gotten this one first .. works great .. sound crystal clear
we bought this when our daughter was 4 months old . she's now 5 and we think it has really helped her sleep .
baby at 6 months does not play with it for very long . his friend who is 2 years old really liked playing with it the other day tho
a must have for every new nursing mom . i wish the fabric was a little thicker but that is my only con .
this was very easy to install . the sliding feature is easy to use . i believe that is will help keep my son safe in bed .
purchased this for a trip to seattle and it worked great . nice thick plastic and comes with a carrying case for handy storage .
i use this pad to change the babies on , they are durable and they wash nicely . the patterns are great and i use them daily .
i brought this same munchkin product at another store , and for some reason these seem way smaller . i don't dislike them and they seem functional .
it's hard going back to our old bibs and burp cloths when these are in the hamper . we will be buying more .
excellent purchase . it is sturdy and it cleans up well . once use is over it folds up for storage . grand parent staples .
i so in love with this bugaboo seat ! so great ! ! ! i recommended to buy ! you love it . . very easy to use !
no issues . been using for several months and baby loves it . the music is not annoying for adults .
this is the only sippy cup my daughter would take . i love that it has two handles so she can learn to help self-feed .
모양이 너무 색깔도 너무 예쁘지 않나요 ? 푸고 시리즈로 다 살려고 해요근데 일산 맘스맘갔더니 가격이 비슷하더라고요럴스 럴스 이럴 수가
it is perfect for my teething baby and i don't have to worry about her getting hurt when she tries to eat herself
she loves sophie . plain and simple . loves to bite sophie eat sophie squeeze sophie and suck on sophie . babies love sophie .
i bought the same car seat at walmart . this one is a little harder to snap the bottom together . other than that i love it .
very nice addition to the stroller , easily fits two sippy cups , keys , a wallet , , snacks and a few small toys .
my boy love this book , well he bites on it alot too , its soft and nice and the back and front has pics which i love
i bought this for my newest grand daughter due in july . these are adorable and a great way to cover diapers and look beautiful .
this is a cute bag that does it's job well . i love the polka dot pattern and is large enough for several cloth diapers .
fantastic and fits almost any kind of carrier ! i only wish i had bought one sooner . very soft and warm .
cheap material , i returned it.it is not sturdyenough to use ever day . i was even afraid tobrake before returning the stuff .
does the job and looks cute too ! i would recommend this if you need a guard to prevent your baby from chewing on the crib rail .
these offered such a relief for those first two weeks of bf . they fit perfectly and i love how i could use them warm or cold .
i love the cute design of this box . it is great for storing stuff it goes great with my noah's ark theme nursery .
i tried different bottle brushes and this is by far the most durable with the best performance . i totally recommend this product
worked great for about 2 months then the battery gave out , scared to replace the battery because i think it will ruin the water seal .
the snap for the medicine is too tough , difficult to keep meds from leaking and it just did not work for us . waste of money !
it's strong and sturdy , but the gate itself can be kind of narrow when you are carrying things . it would have been nice had they considered this .
this was purchased for a friend's baby shower . it was a more reasonable price than target . the recipient was pleased with it .
this was purchased as a baby shower gift . it is adorable and works great . it was a great price too .
easy tie ons and soft texture keep me from having to change the sheets nightly from drool or spit up .
not sufficient to help baby latch . still have to bottle feed her . nice that there are products for this , but didn't meet my need .
i do not know why , but our baby loves this . out of all the toys our baby goes for this one every time .
nothing fancy here . it does it's job and if you have other oxo products you might has well get this to match . the stand is great .
the sling is perfect for a newborn . makes bath time easy . this tub also fits perfectly in our kitchen sink . very happy so far !
our daugther loved this when teething . we did not use it a a brush , but massaged her gums or let her chew on it . must have !
doesnt stick in our bathroom tiles or walls . cant figure out why it wont . we ended up not using it .
great delivery time ! i choose this pillow over boppy every time because of the straps it has for baby to be secure , it's multifunctional .
very low leakage , little spillage , helped disperse gas . these bottles did exactly what they said they were going to do and helped tremendously !
the head part is way too narrow , we ended up taking it off ( connected with velcro ) and using without the head .
it did not fit our range very well and the design only drew attention to our oven and stove range .
works for ergo nicely . good for fall and spring , but not sufficient for chicago winters . easy enough to put on .
love these , so soft , big and comfortable . best to use during summer when baby needs just a light blanket .
this is very well built , looks exactly as in pic - soft and vibrant yellow . baby sleeps comfortably and i am happy his head wont be funny shaped
cute toy my kids loved it . their attention span is too short for it but was really cute while it lasted and i would buy it again .
i love this since the phil and teds did not have a cup holder . this is a good one and has lots of space .
great for traveling , great for small trash cans if you're going to empty it daily . they are even better if you have the dispenser .
this is a great cover for bobbys and dog lovers ! we got this for a friend and i wish i had gotten myself one !
fits great in my car , protect my childs eyes from the sun . i would strongly recommend it to parents with children .
everything everyone else said plus :p reviously frozen packs cannot be put into the compartemnts as they didn't freeze in the proper shape.and yes , rotating is a pain .
very nice durable toy . i read the review but somehow my kid just don't like it and doesn't play with it .
this was perfect for my husband and me . we purchased one car seat , and 2 bases so each of our vehicles had one in it .
so cute , very soft , and great quality ! i love them and can't wait to use them when my daughter gets here .
my husband is a pretty big guy and this barely fits . i imagine most people are smaller though and this would work great for them .
fun toy ... great colors ! this is very easy for my daughter grasp and she plays with it a lot . i love it !
matches our kitchen decor ... functional , looks nice ... our other bottle rack looked stupid and cheap ... made things look cluttered.this one makes things look organized ...
i really like this shield . i have another one that doesn't have the cutout as well . i find this one stays on easier and fits better .
these are good quality , but not a great as babylegs . they , however , are a much better price ! we would buy more .
looks good , only $ 50 , and easy to set up , and i mean real easy . i just pulled it out of the box and unfolded !
perfect for toddler , my son loves cookingwell made , quality wood , sturdywould recommend using extra side pieces for stability
i am so glad that i ordered this bright colorful sheet . it is a great fit and washes so well . i have ordered another just like it
cheap cheap cheap only thing good is the finger nail clippers . we got a better pair free from hospital . everything just screams cheap !
this has really helped my teething daughter . she will sit and chew & chew on this ! ! ! must feel good on those gums ! ! !
this product has a great womb sound , very clear without obvious loops in the sound . only wish it had white noise option as well ...
this is my second time getting this product .. and i love it so much so easy to travel with
safe , colorful , soft and easy to use . and did i forget to mention safety ! love these and will use with all my future grand-children !
nice and smooth . is expensive . but is big , easy to watsh , small is a good size for no a fat baby
i recommend this changer diaper bag . it is practical , easy to carry , has space to keep diapers and it looks nice too .
solid , my daughter loves it , the raised lip to trap liquids and food works well.very expensive item though ...
the soft nipple and the easy to hold shape make this a true winner . i recommend this for all new mothers .
not flimsy ! sturdy , interesting and small for little kids ! great gift idea and i will buy more of this line to make it a set
this blanket is cosy , very soft and well made . bright colors are still here after several washes . very pleased with this purchase :-)
bottles dry nicely and you can fit a lot on this to dry . looks much better than the tubs of things we have lying around the kitchen .
we have two of these dispensers . they keep your wipes moist and the weight in it helps dispense just one wipe ( thought it doesn't always work ) .
save your money on the disposable liners . this is great quality , travels well , and lets face it better for he environment
this extra soft blanket is very cute , kind of small but very cute and cuddley for babys first blanky . i love it .
the colors are just greati love everything about the packnplayits soft changing table is more than i expected
these were very small , not really able to use in a diaper , but i did use them as spit up cloths .
when we lived it japan we had these .. and we got some in the states from walmart which suck and i found these online so great :)
but this is perfect . great buy , highly recommend - excellent quality , fits perfect on couch or bed . love love love it .
we mash avocado and other softer foods with this and it works well , is easy to clean and small and light for travel .
adapts bottles so you only have to use one . great way to eliminate extra steps when washing dishes . works well .
i used this when i traveled with my son . he always slept so well in it . the product is well made and very light for traveling .
excellent ... these are great for young babies , keeps them warm and safe . we used these until my child could walk . we had several .
i like that it doesnt make too much noise under a sheet great for my baby in case he leaks .
i highly recommend . the cover is a nice color and absorbent material . it is a good fit and is holding up well with many washes .
nice design , great fit in the mouth , lights indeed up in the dark , has easy cap to keep clean when not in use . delivered as promised
i ordered these to replace our warn out baby wash cloths . these are nice and soft even after several washes .
my baby loves this rattle . it's soft , has crinkly hands and ears and a very bright red color on the back of the rattle .
i use these in my childrens room on the wall . it helps them learn how to spell their names and is an attractive decoration .
they just didn't work out for me . breastfeeding didn't work out for me . i am sure that they are great and all , but not for me .
it is really a great idea this speepsack . i do not have to worry of sids with my newborn . i really recommend this product .
crazy that this had to come from israel . just what we wanted and seems totally safe as long as child is never left unattended .
if you want original medela parts , go to target or babys r us . these are not the original though they do a decent job .
it does not fit all spouts . it was too big for the spout .
not much to say . my 6 month old loves this teether . i will buy again if we lose them ever .
i bought these for a shower to add to my gift bag , thick and nice , good product . the colors were bright
so far so good . a real pain to install , but its in and its sturdy . i feel that it's safe .
wow thanks to everyone who recommended this as a transition off the bottle . it has worked perfectly for us after trying so hard to get our son off bottles
easy to put together , looks good , does the job . nothing fancy , but definitely not cheap feeling . sturdy & attractive . happy with the purchase .
one of my son's favorite toys which he has steadily played with from 3 months to 2.5 years . it's durable and easy to clean with a damp cloth .
the connectors are the same as what came with my pump when i originally purchased it .
this thing goes on everything & we put it on everything ! the car seat , pack & play , stroller .. my daughter loved it .
as they should be . they work and have all the necessary features . really not that much to say about them .
in my case fits what i need , well dried bottles and does not occupy much space in your kitchen thats is so important
fits fine . have yet to test waterproofness . does add comfortable layer . not too thick or thin and is the right kind of soft .
great sterilized nipples that are actually disposable if need be . pretty cool idea . the softer nipple was easier for my baby to switch from breast to bottle .
we bought these for our kid and they work fine , do what they are suposed to do . good size and good bottles .
a must have for teething babies ! bought these for our little one and have bought numerous ones since for baby gifts ! worth every penny ! ! !
these nipples are a great product i love using them my son seems to favor theseover anyother kind of nipple products highly recomended in all the mam nipple sizes !
i like the design and the material is good and absorbent . i like that these work as a bib and as a burpcloth .
the white part of the design is actually creamthe rest is just perfect . nice size , well made and easy to carry .
this stroller plush was used in a diaper cake that i made for my daughter's baby shower . it is well-made and colorful .
this is a soft cover and i love the texture . it washes well and i dryed on low to avoid shrinkage .
great product but i wish they also made the square container version for the square baby food . love the space for the spoon .
it works well , i don't need to worry about the pacifier to fall down anymore ! easy to attach to baby's cloth and won't hurt the baby .
we got this mat for our daughter , its cute ... but does not stick at all . its going back ! the suction pads are small ...
this is really a very important product , alternative for disposable diapers . we save a lot of money and the diapers are an ecologic product .
great for a baby getting into crawling , tough because it is tiny and because it will roll under anything . simple , easy .
i love it , and my baby girl seems like it too . sometimes she falls asleep in it .
fills up really fast but definitely works to keep odor contained . highly suggest and built well . once you use one , you'll always use it .
happy with this product.keeps my little one was throwing toys and chew toys on the ground.two sizes , washable and hard snaps so baby can not undo .
i have been using these hooks for quite a while and they are doing the job wonderful . necessary for my stroller .
just enough sophisticated toy to keep my baby busy with it for long periods of time.love it !
these are everything i love ... perfect for my toddlers , made in usa , and made of recycled materials . now that makes this mama happy !
it's helpful being able to have " lids " for the bottles other than nipples for when you either need to shake formula or store breastmilk in the fridge .
much more difficult to figure out than baby bike and my baby was never comfortable on it do i quit using it after several tries.runs on the bigger side .
getting a second car seat base is a good idea if you like to switch cars with your partner a lot
it's like a thermos . really not any different . but it does keep the water hot / warm for a long time . good to have for trips .
my kid didn't enjoy this product . he just spat it out and gave me a funny face . washclothes are better to teethe on than these .
these have made fantastic burp rags.we brought two packs of these that seems to be just enough for my son .
money wasted . i bought 4 . the pink one is hard to find too so she's stuck on the green ones .
we bought these to keep our toddler out of the bathroom cabinets and they work just as described . would recommend .
everything went fine . my baby was crying all night and this was the solution for her . are small for her mouth . she really likes this pacifier
i love this product . i had a jeep one before this and it hurt my back . this ergobaby carrier does not and works fantastic ! ! !
this ripped nearly instantaneously , good idea , but poor execution . a towel over the car seat will work just as well .
we call this our baby's " ipod " he takes it everywhere and loves it ! a great toy for a 9 month old
my little girl enjoys of this toy at her bath time . i recommend it . just wash the net at least once a week
our chicco keyfit 30 fits perfectly . its easy to attach and remove . love the convenience of being able to attach the carseat right to the stroler .
very soft and it fits the mattress perfectly ! it's been difficult to find sheets that actually fit my mini crib !
don't waste your time with this one--it just pops right off the top . i haven't found a good solution for the bi-fold door , sorry .
product came in perfect condition , original medela packaging and super fast shipping.medela is the best when it comes to breast pumps and accessories.thank you
it is just a wee bit shorter than all of the other clips that i bought but it works fine
bought for a roadtrip and my kid hated it .. going to try again and see , its a great concept and quality seems alright .
these hooks work great on my stroller handle . they don't come off too easy so they don't get lost like others have and they are easy to use .
could be made a lil thicker shrinks a lot in the dryer ... just about had to throw away no impressed !
our daughter loves it . we take it many places . sticks better when through bottom is a little wet . very easy to spin
nice blanket , i use it to wrap my son's bassinet it looks very nice and cute . it very soft and clean we like it
this changing pad cover fits perfectly on thela baby 4 sided changing pad 30 " , whiteand it's extremely soft .
lansinoh momma bottle with naturalwave nipple is easy to clean and use . not complicated and not many parts . good quality .
my son likes this because it's his size . however , it's not very soft . but it is okay . not the best .
perfect for a messy face on the go . i use occasionally on my 3 month old . they smell so good and fruity !
perfect ball / rattle for an infant . they can easily get their fingers into the holes to allow them to hold onto it .
you only use a small amount and it works great in getting diapers clean . good for stripping diapers but expensive for laundry detergent .
this worked great as a short time solution but after a while the suction sorta lost its suction and now dishes are able to be pulled off easier
teaching colors and counting - - baby mainly loves seeing me catch them and connect the links together - - cackles - - really cute ! overall cute !
fit my pis advance and haven't had any problems - they tear a lot less then the medela brand ones i was buying .
this fits our space well and is a good size for our son . i like that all four sides are contoured . cleans easily .
looks great in the nursery so far ! fairly simple to put together . good quality , nice color and hopefully it will last a long time !
baby loves this ! it is easy for him to hold and fits in his mouth perfectly when he is teething .
my lo is constantly chewing on things . these are nice since you can just take them off and wash them right away .
fits my five year old great . she uses them to keep her legs warm with tights on her way to dance class .
durable and very easy to clean . engages baby while not being too noisy . great when learning to grab and throw .
i was worried this wouldn't be a good size considering i'm plus sized , but it fits great and it super comfortable with my 20lb baby in it !
exactly what you need for the wipe warmer , ok price . not thrilled at frequency needs to be replaced otherwise works as expected .
works great , replaced old tubes to ensure that they were usable with pump by the time next child comes around . much cheaper than buying a new pump !
very convenient and love how easy it is to put away and travel with . my son loved to play on this mat when he was smaller .
these storage bins are good quality . they are also sold at nieman marcus and cost more there . sturdy and adorable .
my baby doesn't use a pacifier but use it for toys , bib , everything to hold so baby will not throw things too much .
i like it and still use it but size never really worked for cloth diapers i own , too short and too wide ? but can't find better ones .
i'd say this is a pretty good teether . sturdy and safe . chills nice in the fridge . child seems to like it . recommend
just received the bin with a kangaroo on it , and we're all very happy with the quality and look of it .
i have a diaper genie elite and these work great in it . a little cheaper than the name brand bags which is a plus .
the colors of this changing pad are amazing ! it matches my zoozoo by jenny mccarthy nursery bedding perfectly . well worth the price , very cute .
much softer than i was expecting . way more comfortable than disposable pads . they are less noticeable under clothes as well .
these are great ! i love the sound in them and my son ( 4 months ) love them . easy to move around . good quality .
i don't like because is poor quality . i never use , after first wash . i thought it was better quality , as carters always has good products
perfect . easy to install and covers thicker chords on powerstrips . no way my son is getting this thing open , i could barely open it myself . ;)
they didnt fit the ubbi pail so we had to return them . the liners appeared to be high quality though and i liked the draw string design .
hard to find sheets for my square pack n play ( much less a padded quilt ! ) but this works and i'm pleased .
do not buy for glass bottles . says nothing about this on the website but on the box . very dangerous because gets so hot
the qty is enough , but the packing seems not clean enough during the transit , a little bit worried about the using directly .
these were great ! really soft , versatile blanket . i wish the sheep print stood out more but otherwise we have no complaints .
he's only 4.5 months so maybe it's still a bit too early but he does seem to actually enjoy gnawing on these ...
i think the bags are too large and they were not self standing at all for me . i wouldn't buy this brand .
these pacifiers are great . i don't like the hard plastic kind that curve to the baby's face . nice and rubbery .
this came with two sets so there was plenty to use in the entire room . easily went onto wall and peeled off easily for moving to right position .
my baby is going to love sleeping on this sheet ! so glad that i bought it ! i recommend to all new parents .
the straws for these siphon way too much and make a huge mess . the playtex insulated cups with the regular lids are much better .
this is her first toy and she likes it . plenty of cools sounds and textures , also lots of bright colors to keep her engaged .
bought this as extra padding for my son's play yard as he's learning to walk . gives a nice cheery touch and that extra bit of padding
i've very surprised that this actually keeps everything inside . i thot for sure it would leak but it doesn't . seems to hold up well in the washer .
these are great simple sheets at a great price . they are a bit thin but are great for what we wanted .
this was an extremely good deal ! it really made going back to work easy , i have plenty to store in now .
fits perfectly on our toilet and is easy for our 23 - month-old daughter to sit on securely . she can even put it on the toilet herself .
its nothing really special , but it give my lil one fun and enjoyment . she likes the little surprise of seeing herself when she lifts it up .
this cooler holds three 8 oz dr . brown's polyproplene bottles ( very snug fit toward the top - seam must lay flat for zipper to close ) .
my wife loves doublesingle blade not problemonly problem is that food can fall into water hole for steam
this little mirror is so cute and usable . you can prop it anywhere and baby seems to be attracted to his own little face . love it !
these are great . they are cheap and easy to remove . simple and got the job done
this is great and clicks onto the bumbo chair . it's the perfect size and it makes a great little eating place for the little one .
when i place the baby in the car seat the straps get pulled off the magnets and stuck under him anyway . a hook or clip design might work better
the puppy is cute and the materials are very good quality . my son loves tags , so he likes this very much .
i love it ! it's a great product , is soft for your baby's face , and really works when your baby burp . i recommended 100 %
its a great bottle , if its really bpa free and all that toxins free its great . interesting bottle ... baby likes it
have used this with my first baby and now with my 2nd . good quality product , easy to use , baby loves it , never disappoints !
you must own several sets of these . great for car seats , strollers , shopping carts--anything baby rides or sits in . especially when at the throwing stage .
this teether will also provide you baby with not stop action , so many activities with this unit . love it love it . !
bought us another car seat booster and liked it so much we decided to buy another one for the other vehicle !
magical bowl , don't worry baby it knocked over , but i don't know how this material , hope can good , no damage to the baby
so far i've only used mine in the car twice but the adapter works fine and it's really nice to be able to use it while traveling .
por ser totalmente reclinável e leve ( cerca de 8 kg ) , permite que o beb possa dormir tranquilamente . bastante útil nas viagens ! ! !
extremely rough feel , even after washing . unsuitable for an infant's delicate skin . quality of product is inferior . i had to return it .
could not get it to work , my son had a very hard time with this , so we went to a different brand and it works great for him
very durable . bright colors and fine craftsmanship . perfect size for a toddler to hold and stack . love them !
loved these on our road trips . they r kinda narrow but its fine . i have the dispenser too which it connected to the changing pad .
works great on top of my dresser . i was able to use a munchkin cover with it that fits perfect .
these are excellent bottles and nipples for older babies . i would recommend them to anyone . i use them with my five-month-old son .
steam bags work great to disinfect pump parts between pumpings while you're at work . as long as you have a microwave .
my son loves this , it makes noise and it helps his gums while teething . no doubt a great buy , thank you
was cheaper than a lot of other pacifier clips that are fancier . does everything you need and still very cute .
my baby loves the toys especially the rattle . the colors are very bright and she loves to look at everything .
these bamboo wraps are the softest wraps ever . i wish that they came in adult sizes . they are the extra large size that make swaddling super easy .
air circulates well through grass blades.holds a variety of different shapes for kid and adult dishes.great for bottle pieces , small dishes , and breastpump equipment .
great design and size . my baby chugs away and doesnt seem to get more gas than when he is breastfed
he started losing intrest before he was finished his bottles , we switched to these and he sucks down the bottle in half the time .
easy to clean , height adjustment is great , very sturdy , i would buy this again if i needed to .. recommended for anyone needing a nice high chair
the bottle brush was nicely priced and came as described . i am sure i will need to buy plenty more , but it should last a while .
these really came in handy . clips toys to the highchair , stroller , shopping cart , etc . my baby can't unsnap them yet .
i think the starting point of the product is good , but i'm afraid the child after eating , the net is not easy to clean
love this product . it saves me multiple times of turning around or reaching for the dropped sippy cup ! worth the money
1 ) didn't really clean the bottles 2 ) the brush part broke off the handle part during the first use . took it back to the store !
i have every teething toy ... i have bought dozens . literally . and finally my baby boy enjoys this one , right out of the package ! hooray !
this is such a great idea . just put some frozen food in there and it's a great popsicle . i haven't tried it with non-frozen food yet .
very nice bumper and it works for the room's theme but it is kind of thin . my son still cries when he bangs his head against the bumper .
pacifiers came in handy for travel . since there was a total of 5 i had one for every location in my home and the car .
it's not the fanciest , it's not solid wood but it's very functional and perfect for our needs . it holds everything we need where we need it .
this sports cup for toddler's works so well and cleans so easy i need to order about 3 more ! recommended - highly !
i thought this was another brand i usually buy . i like the size for my fuzzibunz diapers and they work fine , but are scratchy and rough .
i use one of those to clean my face and it feels really soft and absorbent . so , it should be ok for baby skin , too .
these work well and are mostly easy to clean depending on what you feed them !
i like these bottles mostly because they are glass . however , comparing to highier quality glass bottles like lifefactory these break so easily .
the cover keeps the food fresh and free of other stuff in your freezer . plastic is durable and survived my dishwasher ...
this is a fabulous item we bought for our son , he's 18 months old and he is crazy about this i would recommend this to anyone ! !
the sound voice can adjusted , and the music is pleasant to baby , it is useful when baby is crying ii .
we love this blanket ! i feel better about my little one sleeping with a blanket . it is soft and pretty warm .
its a cute body support to support your child . you can also remove the head piece if needed for washing
it's an easy read . it's great also as there are instructions at the back page how to use the book .
these bibs are machine washable / easy to clean and hold up over time . they work for my 9 month old and 3 year old .
good quality - it's soft and substantial . the yellow is a nice bright yellow.also appreciate it's larger and works well for my 3 year old .
this is a very cute and colorful fish rattle and will be a nice toy at grandmas for the kids .
so soft ! it has elastics in the corners that go under the mattress , preventing the corners from coming undone . love these !
both my daughters loved this teether . it made them happier than any other product on the market , including a certain rubber giraffe .
these really work for our baby-no leaks and last straight through most nights . can hold a lot of urine .
my 6 - months-old likes to chew on this gumbrush . it's soft , and pretty convenient . just be aware that it fits only thin fingers .
i knew i had to get this when i saw it . it works great , just how it says it will . highly recommended .
my daughter adores her necklace . she just thinks it's so cool to have her own accesories . her younger cousins always steal it .
before , i was storing my milk in a regular milk bottle . this is much better . high quality and legit .
these are nice for wiping up little messes . we use these a lot to clean up high chair messes or toys .
this little bird had lots to offer to my curious grandchildren and hung nicely on the stroller .
our daughter likes to move her arms when she sleeps - so we like swaddles that have an arm out option.this did not.we returned it without using .
the best for the early days of pumping / storing / feeding ... saves precious milk by reducing number of transfers ( bottle to bag to bottle ) ...
not only is it comfortable for me to sit on while i bath him , it's nice padding in case of a slip and fall .
soft and snuggly warm , washes well , but runs much larger than i thought it would . thought about returning it but decided to save it for later .
excellent product . my son can't figure out how to get into the outlet and can't take off the cover , so it does what it says .
my daughter will not let go of this item , it does its job it attract attention and before you know it hours pass you by
i love this pacifier holder . it really secures the pacifier to clothes . it is not bulky and it looks cute . i would recommend this to a friend
ya , this is basically just like a really expensive snow suit . it didn't work for my baby . it seems to run large too ...
they really work ! they get hot really fast and stay that way . they're easy to use as well . highly recommend them !
tough the owl thing has been thougholy chewed and slammed about and shows no sighns of wear . the little guy is always entertained by this one .
these are the exact same ones that came with our medela breast pump . it is nice to have a spare set !
liked the first one so much , when we had another kid i didn't bat an eye ordering another one . great car seat .
great product ! it's very simple and easy to put pictures in . i would recommend this product ! it comes with a nice protective box to store .
my wife really likes the print on this nursing cover , but we found it a bit flimsy and not as well built as others .
i am satisfied these are so nice and soft . i think i might purchase another one for my dog too .
liked the pillow during my pregnancy , but what do i do with it now ? lolthe pillow does take up a good portion of a queen bed :)
the perfect size and cute as a button . fits just enough gear for our daughter's trips to daycare every day .
these sheets are so soft that my baby loves to sleep on them . fits the pac and play nicely . good buy .
i really love it ! beautifull product , great materials and children fall in loe with it ! christmas present ! my baby son love it
four years later , we are still using it ! we have a standard tub . the dividers are removable and moveable . it's great .
it looks like a big kid backpack , does not seem to bother my child when he's wearing it the leash is a good length .
it's a great swing ... but my daughter scream when i sit her in there.maybe when she's bigger ... ( hopefully )
these hold up very well to toddlers and constant use . it's great they go in the dishwasher but microwave would have been even better !
it's looks q , but my kids not like it much . he just play it like his toy and won't brush it .
excellent design for a booster seat . i threw the straps away and used this as a travel booster . fits kids perfectly and comfortably .
got this for a friend as a baby shower gift along with the filling system . she loved it . , just wish the bags were reusable .
highly recommend them ! i had used them for a year and a half and just bought more for next baby , they work great !
these are great toys because they do not trap water , float , and are very colorful . our 5 month old loves them .
cute simple crown . came fast and looks just like in pictures . was perfect for my mom to be for the baby shower i was throwing .
brought it after reading the recommendations . my baby boy loves this and enjoy fresh juice and milk in it with little assistance
from 4 months on , my son has loved this toy ( he is now 14 - moths ) . it has provided endless entertainment in the car .
easy to use and wash ! way cheaper than buying the gerber disposable ones and i know what's in it ! waited forever for these !
works exactly as advertised . i was a bit unhappy that it didnt print money , but you cant have everything in the world .
compared to boppy , this pillow does the job without twice the price .. though the material isn't the softest against yours or your baby's skin
small , i think , but i still too small .. - . guess ingeo newborns except hard to write ... 추천하고 싶지 않은 제품인거 같아요
stock up ... you need these for the nosefrida ( the snot sucker nasal aspirator ) this way you avoid the nasty snot
so simple and so usefull ! fits perfect the stroller and the seat ! it's so easy to remove or to put on !
my 7 month baby loves these balls . they are easy for her to pick up and throw , and she loves to shake them .
my son prefers these cups to sippy cups . they are not spill proof . if you use these for milk the straws are hard to clean .
fits well , great quality , and nice pattern . this goes great in my son's nusery - the green is a nice subtle color .
i use these bowls every single day and i just love them . they hold the right amount of food and love the durability .
my son loves eating with these - so cute and fun . they make a great gift too . i would buy again .
my daughter loved it . she is running through the house ! i love the color and how it was very easy to put together !
i am very happy with this bumper pad . it looks great in my daughter's crib , is very soft , and is fairly easy to put on .
not very good bottles . they leak a lot . go and get something more expensive . i love using playtex bottles .
y baby never liked these . i think the very pungent smell has something to do with it ! ! would not buy again .
the case seemed durable but after a couple of weeks of use the red cap broke off and the case would not stay closed .
this is great for the first 3 months maybe 4 . after that they move around so much and break free from anything .
i love this thing . it's durable , waterproof , and folds up easily . we take it everywhere and it's quite spacious as well !
very nice sheet . it is very soft and flannel like . it fits my 3 " dream on me foam mattress perfectly .
so much better then tape wish i had bought these months ago . easy slip on and off . colors are great
i really love that i bought this product as i live in a townhouse and when i am downstairs i could keep an eye on my lil one .
this tub is the very best newborn tub . it is easy to use and safe . the only downside is the price .
good drinking cup , i bought one for my son and this was a gift for a friend . she liked very much .
well made . my two thirty pound toddlers love sitting in it . my newborn not so much ! the cross bar comes out easy . toys are cute .
you can open both ends of the bottle . makes for an easier clean up . does not leak . designed for an even flow . great product !
this paci grip is super cute and has two colors of blue giving it a nautical feel . would definitely recommend
where has this been through toddler years now gone ? at least i have 2 more in sippy cups . the straw brush is the very best !
this is exactly what i was looking for . fits the pac and play mattress well and is nice and soft .
my new born loves this the lights are bright and she tries to catch the light . she wakes up kicking this . love it
this mattress is much firmer than i expected . our kids sleep much better even on the stock play yard mattress .
at 11 months this changing table has held up . wasn't to hard to put together and i suspect this will last well into her childhood .
these snappis work great with my prefold diapers . i'd recommend them over pins any day ! they are safe and easy to use .
love these storage containers . i especially like the tray that they sit in . perfect for storing homemade baby food . will purchase more .
these been holding up for a while . i love them . i bought a different design too . simple and cute for a newborn baby girl
we got the yellow pig . the bells are firmly attached and plastic is soft for little hands . keeps our busy one year old very entertained .
this stroller is awesome , my wife loves it . super lightweight construction , portable and sturdy . looks very nice too . money well spent , highly recommended
this is a really cute towel but it's a little rough for my baby's skin . i wish it was softer .
this stroller is upscale at a loos price . drives better than a bugaboo . goes down stairs well using back tires [ ... ]
this thermos is great . my son uses the straw perfectly and the drinks stay cold for a while .
this fits the b agile but only barely . you really have to work at it to fit it in . wish they would have made it more generous .
this is a good product and a great idea except they are too long to fit in the smaller 6 oz bottles .
standard size mattress covers fit this . it's comfortable and i love that it is natural . it's been six months and we have no complaints .
it came in a nice sealed package . the tubing is a little yellow but it works good for a back up .
i wanted something that he could gnaw / chew on while he was on his tummy ... that would stand off the ground . this fit the bill .
not only is this thing adorable , it stays on the faucet spout with no problem and does it's job keeping my son from bumping his head .
the music didn't last longer then a week and the stupid thing kept falling off . get the mobile its a much better / smaller toy .
this mattress has just the right firmness to ensure the comfort of the baby . it is reasonably priced and meets all safety standards
does the job perfectly , highly recommended for all the cloth diaperers - esp if using the traditional muslin nappies ! absorbs really well
these blankets are very useful in nursing . you can use them as blankets when sleeping or to grab your baby . the y are so soft
we have no complaints with this product ! it took a while for my husband to put it together , but it made using our moses basket a snap !
this is my little guys absolute favorite teether . he has tons of teething toys but this is one that he never loses interest in .
i thought these would and did work well . wife stopped using them claims this one s too difficult . i love her , so no mean comments please .
you can never have enough links ... you loose them and need to replace them sometimes ... but a great product for attaching toys to strollers and other gear .
my son really likes these blocks ! they all make noise , and he loves to shake and throw them during tummy time . good product !
our daughter began sitting in this around 4 months and she has loved it since . it's comfy for her and moves around great .
bigger than i expected . the canvas is a bit misshapen due to no metal frame . it is cute and works great in playroom .
my baby is enjoying this toy for 6 months now . great buy , would recommend , good quality and colors still bright .
beware ! this company misleads you into thinking you are buying something safe for your child but i don't think gmo corn filling is very safe :( .
in theory it's a great product . however this doesn't really hold more than two pacifiers on each side and this product never gets used in our household .
i love this sheet should buy another really . son loves it too washes up nice fits well . would buy again
this product was just what i expected it to be . this was a gift for an expectant mother , and she indicated this was a product she needed .
i love them , the daycare loves them and it makes preparing bottles in a hurry a breeze.if you don't have these you need to get them .
my daughter loved this toy but she could never pull it . i wish it was easier for a baby to pull .
more milk for half the time ! this pump truly is wonderful ... don't give up until you've taken this pump for a test ride !
the sleeves are difficult to get on and off the bottles . making washing and sanitizing the bottles a big pain .
great color - good cushioning - perfect for using for a quick bath . just enough foam for you to lean on .
this is perfect for working moms using an ameda pump ! it is worth the money and i would recommend it .
nothing like seeing your son put his feet up on this like he is in a recliner rather than a stroller
i would definitely recommend these to anyone ! super soft cotton and wash well . they stay soft after numerous washes ! and they are super absorbent !
we have this for over 7 months . my baby loves sleeping on it ! it does its job well at a reasonable cost .
this is a comfortable contraption for the stroller . lightweight and unobtrusive . i don't have more to say , but this wants a particular word countl
the seat is good , but my baby does not play with the toys at all . have to hang other entertainment .
we use this for on the bed / couch to put under the baby - for obvious reasons ! soft and organic and washes well so far .
perfect for allowing the carseat to fit into a car rear facing . without it there is no way the carseat fits rear-facing in any normal sized car .
these were not the ones that a purely breastfed baby wanted in our case . instead the only ones she would take were these.http :/ / www.amazon.com/gp/product/b001ixyod2/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=utf8=1789=390957=b001ixyod2=as2=stupisms-20
we used these nipples with our first baby and have never regretted it . she did very good with these and i will continue with this brand only .
this was not something that we thought we'd need but lots of people told us we would want one so ... so addicted now . love watching her sleep .
really nice crib mattress for the price , using it in a mni crib or you can use it in a pack n play .
fun cards to use for a playful activity during a baby shower ... also you can keep one for the baby book .
they are simply fabric bags with zippers . not sure why i thought they would be better , but i guess they're useful .
i bought these to replace the ones for bottles i've had in storage for a few years . seem to work great .
used this with the uppababy cruz bassinet until my son was 4 - months old and outgrew it . a fantastic purchase and will use again for subsequent babies .
great product ! we are potty training my daughter & this pad is perfect ! it makes clean up so much easier !
my son got hold of it while it was clipped to the stroller ... well that was the end foam blades .
great hamper for clothes and toys , just like it says , good value for the money . would buy again . ! ! ! go for it
i assume these would work well but my son won't wear them because he doesn't like the feel of them .
very good quality , very useful , i love this book and i highly recommend you buy it . go for this book .
one of the several blankets we got for our new daughter and we really like it . it's really soft and holds up well in the wash .
these towels are cute , but very thin . perfect for summer or warmer weather . i would recommend something heavier for tubbies during colder weather .
i love born free products from bottle warmer , baby bottles , to the sippy cups . i would buy their products again and again .
my mattress is water proof plus i do not use it to change diapers . i threw mine out .
my daughter loves her bumbo ! she is able to ' participate ' in family dinner time because of it ! it's a great way to practice sitting up
love this pillow . when i was pregnant i started having a lot of back pain . this helped to relieve the pain and was very comfortable .
very happy with this mattress . nice and firm for baby . light and easy to lift , makes for fast and easy sheet changes .
this is one of the first things our son actually grabbed onto when he was starting to learn to do so . great memories with this little guy .
this is a very nice toy , twin babies love kicking it in this gym . would recommend it to any busy momma .
these diaper refills are great and remember that each box contains two sets of bags.as for being green i have no idea , but at least i feel better .
i bought other more expensive racks . this one is the best . simple and goes with all kitchen decor , love it .
all of the pieces are numbered , so putting the tree together on the wall didn't take very long at all . end result is wonderful !
the best thing about this seat for me is that is cleans so easily . my son looks very comfortable in his seat and it was easy to install .
has become my grandson's favorite wubbanub . adorable , easy to hold / grasp . if your child uses this brand of pacifier it is a perfect combination .
fit the pack-n-play mattress , feels good to the touch , my grandson seems to be comfortable on it , good price for product
great product and quality . it saved couple of time the changing of the crib sheet . would recommend it to save laundry .
as a first time mom breastfeeding these are wonderful . i love that they can be used warm or frozen and are the perfect size !
this is easy to use , but it does not disguise the smell that great ! i did like that you can use any kind of bag with it .
works great and baby doesn't seem to mind it . we even use it over our backpack carrier too .
this is so cute and fits my babiesrus changing pad perfectly . washes up great and matches the rest of the carters wildlife patterns .
i love that it has a lot of compartment .. for the price , it's a really good bag .. the size is just right for short trips ..
my 2 month old loves these " binkies " so much . they fit his face where other pacifiers seemed somewhat huge on his tiny face .
son can't get it in this mouth because the wings are too wide and too thick . it's much harder than i would think is comfortable .
this has withstood many washes and still looks as good as new . and my baby loves the design on both sides . a great buy all around .
so soft and my baby loves being on . i haven't found she sleeps any longer on it but its a great play time mat for tummy time etc ...
the baby hates when we fuss with his nose , but this is very effective for clearing his nostrils . a bit hard to clean .
we love this diaper bag , it has enough room , pockets and is stylish . its not too feminine , so my husband does not mind carrying it .
love these ! i don't get them perfectly white every time i use them but i'm not too concerned about that . i know they are clean .
i purchased this for my infant niece and she loves them ! they have several textures which feel great on sore , teething gums .
i was worried at first that these receiving blankets would be too small but they are perfect size and swaddling out daughter will be easy ! :)
perfect for training . the silicone nipple is not very resistant to kid's biting , but soft for quick adaptation . it is ok
i use these on the changing table . they are both absorbent and waterproof ; they work great . they stain easily but i don't really mind that .
makes a tedious task less taxing . offers multiple methods of adjustment so that you can have a snugger / firmer seal when pumping while still being hands free .
so handy ! i am going to order more . these are space savers compared to the other formula container we were using .
lovely color , coordinated very well with the wall color and other decor . fabric very soft , fit and covered pad completely .
my son slip on bathup , and i bought it . it is help safety joy in bath time . and design is good .
very helpful things for the baby , i can use it all , very nice colors , now i have all stuff in one place .
this product is beautiful , what color me buy house and again are soft , i hope to buy more soon . i liked
i didn't like this because i couldn't see my son in the mirror . i drive an suv and i found a bigger mirror instead .
we bought this product to keep our baby food cold while flying . this worked fantastic . i would definitely recommend it .
this pail does a great job of keeping diaper smells contained . i love that it uses baking soda for freshness and it's easy to use .
love the 8 cups because they are microwaveable and easy to clean and my daughter loves it . i could not have asked for a better bargain .
perfect shape for my baby's mouth and great case for brining along when we go out and need to bring her food along .
i love these plates . they are deep and a great little sturdy plate . they gave held up great in the dishwasher .
this toy has lasted us 3 years . it plays nice music ( not annoying ) and although it's really dinged up , it still works fine .
i use with the mattress pad to provide a bit more cushion . it takes time to change both with all the velcro . overall well designed .
the sheet is very nice . the issue i have is that the image on the item makes the dots look green , but they are really gray .
my biggest complaint is that the walkthrough part of the gate isn't wide enough . also it is a little hard for me to unlatch the gate .
these are a great way to create a monthly keepsake photo . save them and use them for a first bday imvitation !
perfect for my daughter's pack and play . she sleeps for 10 hours or more on this every night and so far no complaints . would recommend .
can easily push the cubes out once they are frozen . nice to have a 9 pack vs 9 individual containers .
the opening is wayyyy to small for a hand to fit in .. and it is not stretchy ... these did not fit my lo
but i gave it 3 stars because it doesn't fit my double stroller - i was misled by some reviews !
i have been using one for the past 2 years now , i bought another one for my sister's baby , i could not be happier .
my son and daughter in law love this swaddler ... would recommend it to other new or older parents it really calms the child
they stay firmly in the outlet when ever the kiddos try to mess with them . exactly what i needed . would buy again .
this is a nice sturdy chair . we've used it plenty for both our little girls . very quiet and smooth when it glides .
when the baby to eat will not stain the clothes , is really great . the ground also can keep clean . this product is very practical .
worked as intended . medela comes with the standard size & sometimes we need options , i was grateful for this product .
it arrived on time as promised , but the exposed fabric was dirty . i'd return it if i weren't so pregnant , but it's unfortunate .
this is a gift for a very special baby coming in april ! ! the new mommy & daddy wanted this . it was on wish list .
on the combi website it states : this product contains " tdcpp " , a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer .
these washcloth are perfect for my lo . front side is a little rougher than the back side , back side is soft though .
works very well . use everyday . doesn't seem to bother our 7 week old girl at all . keeps from washing pacifier every time she spits it out .
my son wouldn't take these until we were weaning . i think the nipple is too small , however he did enjoy playing with them .
love these ! ! i bought multiple packages for my little baby's bum ! i also use it for runny noses and dirty fingers . i love these ! !
oh my god my 8 month baby loves it.he has so much fun playing and talking to himself . i just wish i would have bought it sooner .
i originally bought this as a smock for school . it provides good coverage especially the full length sleeves . i think it should be priced lower .
i clean out my straws for my thermo cups and my sons sippy cup straws . these are good for many uses
i used these tubes for 6 months with my medela pump in style . they aren't medela brand but work just the same . i highly recommend them !
we have several jj cole bibs and they are easy to use and to keep clean . i highly recommend them .
this looks like a nice piece of furniture in our house . perfect for hiding the toys without losing the classy look of our family room addition .
this bundleme can keep my son warm and cozy . easy to set up and remove , easy to wash . love it very much ! ! !
this is a very good deal , all of the wash cliothes are a very nice product and great for babyshower .
my daughter has pretty bad tummy issues and sleeps best of her tummy . worth trying out second hand in case your baby is not a fan
we bought this for our 9 month old and now at 22 months he still doesn't use them well . the handles are way too long on the spoons .
my 8 month old loves this mirror . the entertainment is endless . we also attached it to the jumperoo which is a blast for him .
and they have a seam so they bother tender nipples . i've washed them 20 + times and they are still a little rough .
so soft and perfect for newborns . i love the cushy handle , which she also enjoys to chew on from time to time .
i can't leave the house without this thing . my daughter loves her captain calamari . it has many textures and the rings are perfect for teething babies .
just as decribed . the brus is super soft , the wood is well sanded and is soft . really usefull for newborn .
the colors on this bedding set are beautiful . the whole set is a nice quality and also very soft . i especially love the quilt .
we really like this , we've used it both ways , it is nice to have the versatility . i would recommend .
washes well . not fancy or plush , but adequate and baby seems quite comfortable . good value for the money . worthwhile purchasing .
i purchase these for a baby basket . the quality was okay . i did use them after all but , i wan't that thrilled .
this building beaver is adorable ! the colors , squeaker , contrast , mirror , and taggies ! they are wonderful and my 3 month old loves his !
these wipes are great and easy to use perfect for cloth diapering and wiping dirty hands after feedings . i would purchase these again .
great replacement , learned my lesson , run the pump for a few seconds after pumping to get condensation out to avoid mildew .
good product , well built , but my little girl didn't like it that much , so it become useless and is rarely used .
this looks great on the crib and stays soft . no more bite marks seen on the wood . i highly recommend it !
this is perfect , it allowed me to multi task while i pumped . i would buy another one if i needed it .
with broken packing and not easy to use , the attaction is not so stronge . need manually push and push , and seems not easy to clean .
this is sturdy , easy to use , easy to find things in ( versus the hanging stroller bags ) . buy it - you won't regret it !
beauty lunch bags . all people likes it and kids are very happy with them . excellent products for different ages of kids .
we really like this item because it keeps a bit of everything you need for baby within arms reach . sturdy and easy to use .
i use these when we are out and about . great for dirty diapers when there is no trash can near .
i use this with a wet bag and it does exactly what the description promises . i can't smell the diapers until i remove the lid .
i think these are sturdier than others we've tried and they makes them good for insistant toddlers . very good product .
best car seat i've seen and my big 10 month kid is happy ! ! very roomy seat with much room for growth . very happy with our purchase !
works well for our dirty cloth diaper wipes . i wish it was a tad bigger , but it does the job .
they seem to help limit the air our baby gets while eating . there are numerous parts but with the dr . brown dishwasher baskets , washing is easy !
my daughter absolutely loves this bath tub . she is comfortable in it and loves the bath more because of the duck
my daughter loves this ! she is six months old loves to hit it and watch the bubbles form . it's a great toy .
perfect size , the woombie definitely helps our baby who easily breaks a blanket swaddle sleep longer through the night and during her daytime naps as well .
what you see is what you get , snaps together well , stays snapped , and keeps the little one from turning the door knob . no complaints .
good material but i wish the price could be lessbut i tried to get one with a different brand but it would not fit .
works as expected . bought these to transition baby to a higher flow nipple at about 3 months old . great products .
i've thrown away all my other bibs . these are the only ones we need . i will definitely be buying more ! ! !
i buy this item because the price and for my wife feels comfort for feed my baby , she is really happy with it . tks ...
one of the " arms " that's extended broke in two after only having for a short time , i had to throw it away .
absolutely wonderful ! the size , the design , everything ! took my 6 month old to a fair where they had fireworks and he slept right through them !
i love that you only need to give one drop for the needed dose . i simply put the drop in baby's pacifier and pop it in .
these tubes work perfectly for my medela pump in style . i needed new tubes since i was using a used unit and these work perfectly !
i would recommend getting the drink cup spouts instead . the holes are much to small in these spouts , rendering them useless .
we love these bibs / burp clothes for our little one . the double purpose , high quality , and cute designs make these completely worth their premium price .
very excited to have the miracle blanket . machine washed and dried with no bleeding or loss of color . looking forward to using when our little guy arrives !
meh , does what it's suppose to . probably the best option for spindles with it's protective rubber . no scratches on spindles at all .
love this ! protects the seat and it is easy to clean . i'd recommend this . plus , i like the mesh holder in the front .
this is a very nice sheet . in the discription of the the colors it didn't say pink , but it is very pink . but very cool owls !
great absorbency . love the two layers . works great with the thirsties wrap , flip and econobums . have yet to have a leak .
very well made , i am impressed by bum genius . i returned it because our kids have very sensitive skin and the fabric doesn't work well for them .
this one is a tough fit for the shape of our toilet , but we will stick with it . good enough , i guess .
in fact , the entire avent feeding system , is perfect ! i own every sippy cup on the market , and these are the best .
my children love this ! ! it allows them to sit up and work muscles they need to sit on their own
this is a great little duckie .. no water can enter it and hence no mold issues ever , it is just perfect !
great finishing touch to the " puzzle " it worked well with the other puzzle pieces . my daughter even plays with them and i don't have to worry .
honestly ... it's just a little bit larger than the normal size . i can use it for another 2-3 months before my son outgrown the fastener again ...
have not used it as my grandson is not here as of yet but looks fine and would suggest it for a grandma in her diaper bag
this is a very bright and colorful baby rattle , the price was very reasonable it will make a nice addition to a baby gift
these are a great flow for a baby after three months . our daughter loves them and that is all we use for our baby .
me encantaron las combinaciones de colores , la base es de goma antiresbalante para que los niños no lo deslicen y lo boten al piso , cierre hermético excelente
worked as they always do ! i love snappis ! have used them for years ! the purple color is my favorite , love !
this faucet extender works as expected , and was easy to install . my preschooler has been really excited about it too .
these decals are just adorable . my little one loves looking at his new friends on the wall ! the doe , bear , and fox are my favorite !
very cute but i though this would be more entertaining for my daughter she loves it but gets mad that the music doesnt last longer .
my baby loves this . i placed it in the bath - oops . then it broke apart , but he still likes to flip through the remaining pages
returned it right back after couple days . it never warmed any wipes , barely fit any wipes--what is the point of even having it ?
this product was just as advertised . in original packaging and sealed . if you want a lot of bottles for a good price , this is it .
my wife loved the design / color , makes them stand out among other kids bottles reducing chance of mixups at parties .
there are 6 in this pack , the only thing i noticed is that avent has started making these much thinner than they used to .
such a great tool dont know what i would do without it ! pretty much fits every car seat i have !
i love this product so much , that i bought this product five times . i love that you can clip it on anything .
my boyfriend loves this product . he puts the jarred or pureed baby food in them and says it makes feeding our son mush easier .
very good cost x benefit . it delivers what it promises with a low cost . i would definitely recommend it to a friend .
it fit perfectly , took a second to install , perfect height ! highly reccomend works great on our double stroller , baby loves
worth the $ $ for peace of mind . sturdy etc . , the only teether we needed / had . bumpy surface = good for gums .
the zipper broke in the first week of use . i had to sew it together to make it functional . a sports bra with holes would work better .
this philips avent 2 piece bpa free soothie pacifier works exactly as advertised . we are happily using it in our home .
these are so handy to help out with drying bottles and parts . you won't be disappointed . we have a garden of these and love them ! ! !
this device provided hours upon hours of entertainment for our daughter ! it is very well made & something we couldn't have lived without ! we highly recommend it !
i'm using this for my medela pump n style advanced . it's exactly what i expected . i sterilized it before use and it works well .
fits enfamil nursers . life saver for new moms . you need this ! be sure to get the slow one so baby doesn't get too much too fast .
they suck up the drrol and keep my babys face from the rough material of the carrier
my baby absolutely loves this toy , and i especially like the fact that is plays a classical piece of music . she takes it wherever she goes .
i got this for my granddaughter's nursery and it made a nice addition to the room . it is nicely detailed and attractive
very pleased with the quality of this product ! matches our other bath holder , the boon frog , perfectly . would recommend product .
can't really say this was better or worse than others . i chose to get an organic one that seemed to look the same as this brand .
have had for almost 2 years and we use it all the time . great to have for little ones to keep them out of the sun .
these are very small , but super soft and thin . this is just a security blanket for clutching , not a blanket that will cover a baby .
it works great once installed . but some of the screws broke in the cabinet . but overall we made it work and they are easy to use .
my daughter has bought all the avent products for her new baby and now she has to change the nipples , so we bought this .
it's a nice enough cloth book , but i feel it is overpriced . my granddaughter doesn't play with it much because there really isn't much too it .
this is a good stroller attachment for the little one . i don't have the right stroller handle for it , but i kept it anyways .
keeps my baby entertained . lots to look at . it's her favorite car toy .
the product i like , has good quality and the price convinced me . i would buy again if i need . thanks
i was told this was an essential item for a newborn . i agree this is an excellent product and easy to move around the house .
nice to be able to buy in a set of 2 to have extra on hand . a friend recommended this product to help prevent milk build up .
my son seemed to need some assistance walking so i got this for him . but he didn't like it and didn't even use it once .
love this drying rack and accessories . i actually don't mind leaving it out on my counter ! works great for bottles .
a standby , and they don't leak on their sides or in my purse .
convenient size , pleasant sound and soft lights on this " soother . " seems to be a fine smaller version of this type of crib attachment .
excellent product with respect to durability and comfortmy husband keeps trying to crawl into the toddler bed since its so soft
good sturdy cups for her juice and water . easy enough for my 1 year old to hold . definitely will order more .
the ends make this rattle easy to grab and hold for little ones . baby c was under 4 months and was able to play with it .
it doesn't leak but it does fall over fairly easily . its just okay for a straw cup , i was expecting something better for the price though !
this car seat base does not work with graco snugride 32/35 seats . just make sure you order the correct one .
this is all i use for baby , can't go wrrong with cotton . i would def . recommend this item to buy .
love how it tucks under , nice and big , easy to put on and off . highly recommended for messy little kiddos !
great product ! fits under chair well and holds a lot of weight ! easy to put on and remove in seconds . fantastic invention .
hold up well in the wash , colors are gorgeous and wear well over time . no complaints except the price tag .
i first saw these blocks at a photo shoot that we did for my 1st grandson ! i loved them so much i researched until i found them !
this cute brush and comb set was a gift for my nephew , and he loves it . the packaging was also very visually appealing , too .
i use these for dirty / wet items from daycare for my toddler . it stands up in the washing machine too , so that's great .
before the baby had a chance to sleep on it . otherwise nice fit for the mattress and feels decently soft
it doesn't seem very comfortable and took my girl a little while to adjust to it . its not very cooshy .
great price , the rattle is nice and loud to get baby's attention and the cute little panda is super soft . no issues .
when i saw they used velcro attachment , i wasn't sure what to think . but they work great and stay in place .
such a cute lampshade ! looks great in the baby's room . really matches the other abc items ! would highly recommend if decorating with the abc's
doesn't fit on my normal sized kitchen door knob . too small . not even with the larger attachment . waste of money !
happy teething baby needs no pain meds while wearing this , works and looks cute too ! happy with purchase and art of cure
these changing table covers fit nicely over my serta changing pad . the only downfall is that the material is very thin .
but for whatever reason this thing is a total lint magnet . so we have to wash it off a lot even when baby doesn't use it .
i was unsure if it would work , but it does . it helps by getting baby's attention and it calms our lo down . great for guys .
a great book for young child as the bright and dark shades in color . they stay interested and seem to focus on the colors .
it's nice and warm . because of the location of the zipper , you don't need to take off the blanket when changing diapers .
great for the pool or bath . my 2 and 4 year olds loved them
love that it can be one pillow or two ! so comfortable . i like using it as two separate pieces and a belly wedge .
little guy loves the vibrations . he thinks its so funny when he bites down on it and it vibrates . a
this is a darling little mobile . it is made from thin wood so easily breakable in little hands but so darling to hang in a monkey themed nursery !
got this for my child because it had great reviews . i can't say this is a great product because my daughter only wants to play with her kindle .
this extra piece is great with the boon lawn . i wish it was bigger to hold a few more things but it works great .
very effective and looks nice in the car . very easy to install and remove when necessary . so far it has prevented any damage to the seat
our grand baby loves this chair . the hanging bugs are wonderful for her to play with . buy one . you will love it .
i got this for my newborn and is big enought to put in the babys diapers and even my wallet and other stuff . so cute = 0 )
our baby dropped his out of his stroller on one of our walks . luckily i found a replacement here . so cute . he loves his robot blanket .
i bought this as a stocking stuffer for my 1 month old daughter . great , colorful , soft , and good price . would buy again .
this did the job fine , but the elastic isn't the highest quality . it stretched put of shape long before my due date .
i loved this ! i wasn't good about keeping it updated , but it's a great keepsake if you do .
i thought it was bigger but love it anyway . still don't know if it works or not caused i haven't used yet
a must for baby . great colors . quality is good , but i prefer the gerber washcloths , they tend to be more absorbent .
super durable.my daughter has climbed it / pulled it / kicked her feet against it and it does not move-working well for us so far .
without this blanket my little one would have a hard time going to sleep . easy to wash & love how she cuddles with it .
great bath toy . the baby wants to stay in the bath and play . loves pushing this toy around the water .
very good price for this product my son loves the toys on it and the color he stays very busy .
very cute book . wish the pages were a bit sturdier , but really like the fact that you can insert your own sheets and it's more of a binder
easy to install , easy to take down , lightweight . we have three : one at home , one at work , and one at the grandparents house .
my kids love to play with this toy . the product works good , no issues . i am happy with the purchase .
wasnt the same design as the pic but am ecstatic still because its nuk after all . bought these for my newborn baby . no problem .
easy to clean ( with just a wet washcloth ) and safe ! holds up to 75 pounds too ! couldn't ask for more !
the product got on time good product . comfortable and realible product to babies . recommend it for first time babies good
this seat is well made , fits our regular ole toilet seat , and my potty-training three-year-old and two-year-old fit perfectly on it . highly recommend it .
i would recommend this item . great to keep mattress dry . like the material and fits mattress well . would buy again
we have been using this for 6 months so far and it work great and does not take up too much space . just what we needed :)
yeah , it's said it's safe for kids to swallow . i just wish they have different color than blue for the brush .
a great way to freeze fruit and introduce safely to baby . need to get a few more of these and give to friends as gifts .
great lounger ! ! our son would take naps in here from day 1 until he was about 3 months old . very comfortable !
cute , easy to plug in and turn on , and lovely , but the bulb that comes with it is a bit too bright .
these are wonderful , they were recomended by a friend of mine and i have no regrets . no other bottle compites with avent !
we just set it up with a minnie nap mat that she also got for christmas and she seems really comfortable . setup couldn't have been easier .
doesn't look the same as it did in the picture . the cloth looks a little cheap and the color is a much darker grey
baby loves it ; since installing baby doesn't cry when put down for a nap anymore . easy to install . well made and also educational .
these sleep sacks are the best . keeps my baby warm at night and i don't have to worry about keeping a blanket in the crib with him .
you can't beat the value . for how much it's worth , its very good quality and it contains my little one from getting into big messes .
didn't return these because of the hassle , but they look " whitish blue " on website . good value for the $ . i love bum genius ,
a decent pillow , wife is expecting and is in her 6th month , and this was perfect gift to her for a good night sleep .
great space saver , and actually decreases the drying time of our bottles . after one week of use we couldn't understand how did we live without it :-)
great quality and i love the color . i can't wait to use it for my son . i love it . thanks
i should have listened to the reviews ! very angry ! the leak from the bottom and the too . so dissapointed ! do not buy !
these are not well made . they do not fit all types of cabinets and drawers . they are awkward to place and use .
love the looks of this hamper . great construction . love that clothes can just be thrown in instead of having to lift a lid while holding a baby .
never got change to use it , the " lansinoh lansinoh hpa lanolin " works very very well . should save money on that ...
carefully followed directions but it still didn't stick , and easily fell off when i tested it by trying to open the oven .
super cute sheet , matches my daughters room well ... its a silkier feel of fabric . it fits well on a crib mattress .
these nipples are very fast flow . my baby was choking on the milk that was coming out . i don't recommend using anything above stage 2 .
this works perfectly and is exactly what i needed for the skip hop crib mobile to attach to my crib .
we must have gotten two packs , apparently we were happy with them :) good quality and design , kids love them ! ! !
loved using these when i first started cloth diapering . they are super absorbent , and easy to use . will order more for next kid . =)
this was a must have for my son and his pirate room.he cant wait to go to bed at night
absolutely perfect for his first few months--really helped him stay asleep longer . highly recommend ! great value pack . cute colors , easy to machine wash .
i did like this product prior to the recall on the bumbo for safety reasons i will not use the bumbo and brought it to goodwill
it fits our sons mattress for his crib , he hasn't slept in the crib yet to test out how effective it works .
cute baby book for a girl . came as expected . i have no complaints at all and am overall a happy customer .
i exclusively pump , so finding the right guards is hard . these worked perfectly , i would definitely recommend to other pumpers
can't say enough good about this product - best thing i ever bought ! easy to take to relatives or a restaurant .
so soft , easy to put on the changing pad , and washes well . love the color and fabric also , glad i purchased .
wonderful replacement or alternate cover for pillowtrust me you'll need at least twoso one can be washed while still using pillowspit up happenshaha :d
if you are pumping - this item is a must have . these bags make it so easy to clean your accessories in as little as 3 minutes !
these are the best baby / kid hangers i have found . they are especially great for the sun dresses that would always fall off all our other hangers .
it's good to have the toy bar over the pad . it keeps my baby busy while business is being taken care off .
these blankets are the best . i actually have four of them . they're very breathable and comfortable but yet warm as well . i highly recommend these blankets .
got this carseat for my younger granddaughter . its so much better and thankful for honest reviews that lead us to buying britax .
now this is soft on one end and worth every cent as a spoon and as a toy and teetherthree in one . you can't go wrong
one of the cutest things i have seen ! baby can hold the plush little guy and be soothed by it as well and not just by a pacifier .
used at tummy time , used in crib at bedtime , and playtime when he wakes up i am so glad i got this
my baby girl likes this toy . it helps her to eat and entertains her in a crib and / or her baby gym .
this book is fun to enjoy with an infant . it has lots of crinkly parts and beautiful colors and pictures .
i put ditry clothes in it , i can carry it to the basement , and its cute , what else can i say ?
it works in a beautiful way . but i find it hard to maintain full contact between the breast and the collecting cup . generally i like it .
lightweight but the basket is too small and there is no way i can see to wash the covering.glad i was able to purchase this with gift card
i will love giving these as a gift next month ! i think my friend will love them too ! thank you !
this crib mattress worked perfectly with our delta lauren crib from walmart ! we were very pleased with the speed of delivery and the firmness of the mattress .
this is the most price effective pad i have found . it is a nice standard size and fits all the covers well .
very good quality and easy to wash teether . my son really likes it , but it doesn't stay cold very long .
very convenient . i finally have a place to put all of my bottles . i wish it was at least three tiers .
very quality sheet for all pack n plays . we have a graco one and it fits perfect . stays in place nicely and washes well .
wonderful hooks ! they hold a lot of weight and make a huge difference in traveling / shopping with the stroller . great buy .
i bought these covers for a monkey themed baby shower gift along with lots of other monkey items . they are soft and cute . i would recommend them .
it is a chore to set up and clean but i trust that it really reduces colic and preserve vitamins ( lol ) .
this was cracked in the back when we got it so we sent it back and got our money back .
smells fabulous , wipes fabulously , and keeps my babies skin fabulously soft . great size to carry around in a purse or diaper bag .
easy for me to put into the outlets , and hard for the baby to remove from the outlet - at least so far at 9 months .
while this seems like a great product , you are not supposed to use aftermarket products in your child safety carseats . do your research !
this was a great towel to upgrade to when our twins were about 5-6 months old and outgrew the newborn hooded towels .
perfect fit for my pack and play . it is light weight , thick and comfortable . worth the money in my opinion .
super absorbant and super comfortable . they even feel great on sore nipples . easy to wash and are easily concealed in your bra .
medela is the best ! i received a quality product which is exactly what i expected . it arrived faster than i expected too !
adapter snaps nicely into the vista without issues and holds the seat tight . no problems and would recommend to others .
fits the medela equipment perfectly.just what i was looking for , for a more comfortable fit and affordable .
everything about this monitor is great , the night vision , the sound , and other stuff , but the battery of the monitor is not very good .
i like this easy to use handy tooth and gum brush . the index finger insert is a good size and the case is a handy helper .
love tha chocolate colour and the blanket is so soft . perfect size for crib small babies . my new grandbaby loves her blanket !
this is a very cute outfit , havn't managed to try it on my son yet as he is a little small but it looks very well made .
these sleeps sacks are very large though my son is in the middle of the recommended weight and at the end of the height range
made of good wood . has useful shelves . pain to assemble . baby changing is easier with it . if only they made them for old people .
these corner pieces have worked well for us on our coffee table ( actually a trunk ) . our daughter has not been able to rip them off yet .
good product , easy to use , but only few songs , my son gets bored soon . only suit for now . but cheap price
you will always have a paci on hand with this ! it attaches wherever you need it so you won't be without one !
this is a great product , it is easy to remove and put back on , doesn't stain easily and doesn't shrink when washed .
the clip is old fashioned metal style but really grips onto blanket or clothing . it does the job and looks cute !
this was perfect for newborn grandchild . daughter was very pleased getting this as a gift . made baby bathing safer and less stressful for everyone .
we went from peg perego primmo viaggio 30/30 infant seats into this and it is the same craftsmanship & safety as peg ! ! ! love ! ! !
this's a great scissor for the baby . i'm nervous to clip baby nail . this scissor do a good job to cut the nail not baby skins .
it's firm , durable , and easy to clean ( although you do have to scrub a but due to the contours ) . good value
my dd loves this seat ; it's comfy and secure , and she doesn't feel all exposed at the potty , so she's training easily .
my 7 month old loves the sounds when we can make it stand up . it does not suction well at all .
i bought one for my god child who is 6mths old and she loves it . i couldn't be happier ;
nice pacifier clip ! two clips for your binkies . bright colors and easy to use . it's a must have for newborns !
i don't really like the nipple brish but overal this handy tool is perfect for washing bottles ! ! and i love the stand ! ! highly recommend
exactly as described , it is a great value ! beautiful and white ... we can ; t wait for our little one to get here
i like the bassinet i purchased but the sheets are very very thin . i purchased other sheets & i use these underneath as a backup for leaks
this is a great product , even some of my ( smart ! ) adult friends took a second look to figure it out .
fits into the bob stroller and allows for an infant to use the car seat in the stroller . very easy to install .
my one year old and three year old love this item and have played with it for 6 months and it still works great
i so in love with this wrap ! so great ! ! ! i recommended to buy ! you love it . . very easy to use !
good price for glass bottles . too bad they are ugly , i hate the white caps . i love the life-factory bottles , unfortunately those are way over-priced .
works good a little tough to remove the food but i just run it under hot water and they pop right out
these pacifiers are great but my infant stopped taking it after 3 weeks so had to change to hospital grade one .
i had to feed my baby with formula apart from breastmilk . this bottle have the perfect size for her until now , that she is 4 months old .
this performs well , they seemed identical to the tubing that came with my pump in style . i will continue to purchase these when i need replacements .
i wanted containers to carry my pre-made food along . however , the lids will not stay on . i definitely do not recommend this product !
nipples leak ugh ... but it if your gonna just use the bottle only . the bottle is large so its good for hungry babies
great product for breastfeeding moms . has been very helpful for nipple pain while nursing my daughter . would definitely buy again .
works great . i use on a city select . if you plan in using that stroller for a while i would definitely invest in this .
my son did not play with this enough to justify the price tag , but it's so darn cute i even bought one for a friend's baby .
trust me they figure out how to get them out of the outlets . get the old fashion one that us parents have a hard time getting out .
i use this product to wedge my tummy during pregnancy . this product helps a lot wedging my big pregnant tummy .
perfect for out to eat since tables are so dirty . stays in place with all four sides having sticky strips !
love these sun shades . no installation . simply stick it on your windows and you're ready to go . easy to adjust and replace .
great bag for traveling . cheap and easy to use . i'd recommend to keep your stroller from getting damaged or dirty while traveling onto a plane .
the shells can be used to collect breastmilk prior to feeding your child . this lets you collect milk for future use and doesn't waste it .
i bought two for my pnp and it's super thick like another layer of cushion . these are warm ! my kid is very comfortable at night .
great swaddler , i highly recommend it for all babies . it's safe and easy to use , plus they love it . great purchase
convenient and colorful . i've been using them for feeding my 6 month old , and to send to day care with him .
purchased this to go with my uppababy vista and the chicco infant keyfit 30 . super easy to install and get baby in and out .
seems of good quality , its just as its described . wished my son enjoyed it a little more than he did
when the time comes that our baby is holding and shaking things , we'll be glad she's got this eco friendly toy to do so with .
it's great . but not the price . you keep an eye on babiesrus , sometimes they have cheaper price . i wish they come with little brushes
no more losing the pacifier when it is attached to a cute puppy . easy for tiny hands to hold on to and put back in to their mouth .
perfect and fast sterile use . using these for my grandson . used them when his mother was a baby and still love them .
these are great for on the go . it covers the entire toilet seat which is terrific ! easy packaging to slip right in your purse .
fits great , just as good quality as original medela part . great udea to have back up parts just in case .
i got this for my daughter and its exactly what i wanted . i wish it had a matching top . so cute
it doesn't look as sturdy as i thought it would be in the photos but it is . very nice looking as well .
this blanket is very soft and ideal for colder months of the year . it is fuzzy and easy to snuggle with .
these are great for teething babes ! ! perfect size for little hands and mouths and the little animals are just so cute !
best pacifiers there is out there . my daughter is breast feed and she loves these . amazing product and easy to clean !
if you're a rocket scientist , you might be able to figure out how to install this ... but it was too much for a lawyer and an actuary .
i really like this potty . it is no frills and takes up very little space . also very easy to clean .
works great ! used it on a 5 hour road trip . need to pump every 3-4 hours . no problems , very convenient , works great !
i have no complaints ... this was a perfect gift for my son to display his love for his newborn son . i would recommend this product to everyone ...
this one is great for bottles and nipples . so far , it is the best brush and it does work for its purpose .
i like keeping these in diaper bag so when we go out to eat i can feed baby and then it isn't a big deal if they are left behind
for me this was way more convenient than using a plain syringe . you have to remember though to spray some saline before you apply this .
my 6 week old loves it . he is entertained for an hour just kicking and cooing . this is a great play mat !
these bumpers work great for keeping little arms and legs in the crib ! not as cute as fabric bumpers but much safer !
i bought these as replacement parts for a medela pump . they work great so far ( 1 week ) and i haven't had any problems .
so nice to have a helmet the babies wear and out baby hates hats so figure it out as we can't . she wears this .
so so so soft ! ! ! love this item so much , i purchased another one ! great quality and my little boy seems to like the softness .
this helps so much in keeping my slim kiddo's pants up since he is considered on the tall side . love this small invention !
this was okay - i like that it's all one piece , but my daughter didn't like it at all .
this lets me multi task , such as work and also watch tv ... hahah working moms please go for it
i love these , i tried all different types , and these are the easiest and i feel like the food stays the freshest
best on the market , price-quality - unbeatable.very comfortable , our daughter loves it , we saved a lot on this one , and we are so happy ... :)
love the design and color ... my second one and surely not my last ...
this didnt last two weeks and it scratched my bottles which i was so upset i threw it out ! very poorly made and poor quality
money well spent . this product is very well made , and works out of box . excellent range . it has fallen multiple times and survived
this is perfect for smaller items so they don't fall to the bottom of the diaper bag . i like how it has two sections .
this toy is very nice with great colors , textures and a nice clicking noise . good for little one's who can crawl after it .
its very well made . less one star because i find it hard to clean . too many parts to disassemble and re-assemble .
i bought these for our daughter's carseat . they keep her neck from getting scratched . she likes them . they don't make her too hot .
there are several different molds uses to make the rings . my little girl likes them , they can form a chain to hold toys to things .
used it for one day and the plastic thing holding the strap broke . it did have a good amount of space .
the bag is so small , does not hold more than 5 regular size cloth wipes . i would not recommend it .
these bags definitely keep the wetness inside . very easy to use and affordable . so far i have no complaints at all .
has not started using it , but it is really nice , i like the spinning toys but the music has to work together with the elephant
very nice but buttons hard to push down other then that she loves it got from walmart store for around $ 9.00
much easier to install than previous britax booster we bought 6 months ago . snaps down with seat belt and is much more secure .
i like the fact that these seem wide and easier to use for my toddler . and they hold up well
my daughter uses these exclusively to clean the noses of her twins . it . play a little tune when you push the right button
big help . works well . i can always see what is going on in the backseat.would recommend this for peace of mind !
this is a perfectly nice pump , which works well for my wife . though we've seen others through friends , and the medela and ameda are better .
the two most important sophie toys to own if you have an infant or a toddler . i can't understand the fascination but they are a must have .
the batteries last a long time ! and i run this all night long every night ! love the volume settings . good purchase !
my 9 month old kept putting her fingers in her mouth so i was looking on amazon and came across the zo-li gum massagers and my daughter loves it !
our baby loves the softness of the rubber . i like the piece of mind that it comes from a rubber tree and not a chemical factory .
if you are thinking to buy nipples these ones are the best on the market i try it on my little ones and its perfect 100 % recommend it
it's a good bottle but it leaks sometimes . when i have my next baby i probably won't choose this baby bottle again .
of all the crazy expensive baby tupperware-like items i've purchased , this one is my favorite . necessary . buy two . you'll use them .
these bibs are light weight and keep the milk drips off the baby . the 10 - pack is nice because we always have some on hand .
i got this for my son to help him with learning and he loves these tiles . i highly recommend this for toddlers .
item was received promptly . toddler happily chews away without damaging the crib . easy to clean and maintain . would definitely buy again
i love how this reclines , its very quiet when gliding . it's very nice looking and the fabric is very comfortable as well .
these plates are well made , they do not slip on the tray . so far we eat only purees but these will be big enough for a while .
this is so soft and perfect for winter ! my 2mo old loves rubbing her fingers on it ! i bought 3 ! ! !
i use it often in the crib , on the go , in the stroller on the exercise mat . it is a great find .
these are such great cups ! they work very well and don't leak at all . i use them mainly for milk .
unlike another brand i've purchased in the past , these sheets actually fit the mattress . they wash well and are soft .
reasonable price , arrived in a timely manner , and does it's job . round shape doesn't work well in corners but we made it work for us .
i expected carter to have good quality but the fabric is not that and colors fades after few washes only .
excellent quality and money well spent . many stimulating activities for a baby.extremely durable and easy to fold . i would highly recommend this product .
we love this backpack . quality is fine . it's a good size for my 3 year old and is adorable .
super cute rattle that makes extra clicking noise . baby uses hands to turn the ears to make the clicking sound .
after a few washes it stretches a bit , but its a nice sheet overall . would only purchase again its its on sale though
easy to place and remove . it's much better than after market cup holders and it even holds those huge movie cups .
you need them if you pump for a few months . this is the key to loss of suction that people notice when using the pump .
great teething toy for my 6 month old ! love the softness and crinkly sound . my daughter loves this toy . good buy !
i give 5 stars to all avent products . i have had no problems , whatsoever , with avent .
bought because of the cute bird pattern . it fits well but is a bit smaller than her other similar diapers . but should fit most babies .
kids really liked this toy . seemed to engage them more than other musical take alongside . easy to carry and the sound was good .
there really are a lot of people having babies right now i goit this for my cousin's lady and their baby
i love this ! i attach several links to certain toys for my baby to encourage reach , the links makes it longer and easier to reach for my newborn
this tray is perfect ... too bad the stroller didn't come with it . it works great and the little guy loves it !
my lil ones clothes don't fall off the hangers their convenient in everyway . i bought the white ones because the price was cheap
great for putting pictures of family members when baby is learning who people are .
nice basic starter set . has just the right amount of bottles for a new baby and decent extras . just what i needed .
the crib was easy to assemble and is very sturdy . i love how it already comes with the toddler rail and it was not an additional cost .
i use this with my " mommy's helper , child keeper " it prevents rubbing on the neck and is easy to remove and place .
nice product . love the wide neck . overall less gassy than most bottles . high quality product .
love this support carseat product . it is so comfy and easy to use . washes great . a must have for any new parent .
it worked how i needed it , worked as a lid for my babies life factory bottle so it wouldn't spill on trips .
awesome ! leak tight , long lasting and durable . stay away from the other version that looks like a standard " sippy cup " nipple .
these fit perfectly and function just as they should . stopped using the monitor before the batteries died so can't comment on life .
our son loves them . they are soft and chewy , and he loves squeezing the water out of them and being squirted by them .
our child thinks of these utensiles more for playing than eating because of the elmo characters . there is no benefit in engaing a child to eat with these .
this is an awesome little doohickey ! i wish we had thought of it earlier ! makes the sink in the little one's bathroom so easy for them !
we have twins and we have a set we use at home and now a set at grandma's house too ! these are great seats .
it's more work to fold and unfold and figure out which way it goes than it's worth . great idea but needs some work .
love this stroller ! the only downside is it is a bit big . my wife has a hard time with it . i love it !
this is a nice product ... i would buy again . nice size for under sheet protection against diaper leakage or sick baby . i would buy again !
easily connected to my avent bottles ! perfect flow for my 8 month old baby . these work much better than other sippy cups .
this is a necessity for those who need the larger flanges than what comes with the ameda purely yours . improved my pumped amount and pumping comfort .
i've been using this since my baby was a week old . it works very well on cutting his tiny nails . my only complain is it's too expensive !
love it . we take it everywhere for our daughter who is newly potty trained and to avoid public restrooms . great
i love them . i rarely cloth diaper away from home , but when i do , these things are a lifesaver .
great purchase as gift for each baby showerpurchased for either boy or girl baby showermust have item for toddlersflexibleeasy clean up
this mat is so cute . downside is the pillow isn't attached to the mat itself so when the baby moved so did the pillow
post doesn't state you will only receive 1 teether it shows more but doesn't state that you only would receive 1 very expensive for just 1 teether
bought this before my baby daughter was born , really good quality and looks even better.the fabric is good and isnt ruined by water
they're holding up well . we use them every day for breakfast lunch and dinner ! we've been using them for almost 2 month now .
we have used these pacifiers for several little ones & they are definitely our favorite pacifiers . the babies were very happy with them !
simple design , yet strong . it holds several bags of all sizes . perfect for shopping trips and holding a diaper bag .
holds up in my washings every other day and fits in the 7 gallon odorless diaper pail ( white busch systems odorless cloth diaper pail ) .
we have a couple of these crib sheets . they are very high quality and so soft on our baby's skin - worth every penny .
a little goes a long way and it keeps his clothes and cloth diapers very , very clean . i highly recommend it .
my cousin is a very picky boy . it didn't leak , but the style just didn't work for him for some reason . great product otherwise
perfect size . it fits the necessities of diaper changing . its a plus that it spin so you can see all sides . perfect for our use .
i really like the size and shape of this feeding dish . i also like the soft spoon and the lid . it is well made .
my membranes had cracks in them , now my pump is back to tip top shape . :d thank you amazon .
i became very happy to get this . the product is produced with good material . i recommend to everyone . it's is usefull
colorful , ergonomic and do what they suppose to . our daughter like to play with them as well . great buy for feeding babies
other brands are tiny , flimsy . these are real facecloths , just a bit smaller and a bit softer than what was in my closet .
this works fine . my wife uses it while we travel and she is easily able to feed our son without exposing herself .
i love how these can roll on the floor so it encourages your baby to crawl . my non-crawling 7 month old loves them !
sturdy and very nice looking . can't find any other quality crib at a price this low . would buy it again .
soft , small , and easy to travel with . my little one has loved these blanket since he was very small ! perfect for thumb suckers !
love this book ! it's the perfect teething book . my daughter loves it too because it's elmo and she loves him .
the newborn sling is a great feature ... my newborn feels safe and secure and enjoys bath time . without it ... he gets very nervous .. love it .
very cute and my son loves to play with them .. colors are great too and very sturdy made . would buy again .
this sheet set is genius . zipping out the insert is so quick compared to removing the bumper and taking out the whole mattress . i highly recommend .
these funky birds are super cool and make a really neat chime too ... baby loves them ! i highly recommend them !
we love these cups , we needed the straw for our son and these are built tough and great for a toddler .
not sure why the babies love it so much , but they do . i always keep a few backups on hand .
so cozy and fits my mini crib mattress perfectly ! it is supper soft and is big enough to fit over a mattress topper . very pleased .
wonderful stuffed animal : cute and organic . machine washable . great size . the fabric is soft and my baby likes this toy .
works perfect for doing monthly photos of baby . sticks very well to cotton onsie . turns out very nice in pictures .
it is colorful , full of patterns and textures , and most importantly , the baby loves it . i give it my approval .
i love this super cute set , and all made with plant fibers - no plastics ! has worn well with hand washing only .
these are perfect for our mini-crib , they are soft and cozy and have held up really well in the washer and dryer .
my son loves taking a bath in this tub ! it hold him up well and he can even lay back with his head propped ! too cute ! !
my daughter loves this stool . its great for use in the bathroom in front of the sink . also light enough for my daughter to move around .
this is a super cute sleepsack and really keeps my 18mos warm . her room is so cold and this definitely takes the chill away !
we have lots of toys for our bath time . really easy to put them all away when finish . it's big and fits many toys . great !
excellently designed product . now if i can only get my grandson to sit on it before he poops ! i'll be doing ok
i love how easy it is to put it in the car , very light one . makes a perfect stroller with car seat .
great cleaner , does not fall apart , have had now for several months and still holding up really good . would reccommend .
does not fit . only has connector on one side , the other end of tube is just open tubing . not a valid replacement part .
my daughter's favorite cup , especially since we are transitioning to sippy cups . hello kitty is my childhood favorite , i love to see her in red .
these are so soft and the graphic is beautiful . washes really easy , and is such a large size , can be used for anything .
very easy to use and take down . perfect for those really sunny days ! very highly recommend this product if you have small children .
love the fact that this wipe dispenser has a handle that you can attach to your stroller versus digging in the dreadful diaper bag ... cant wait to use it
a little pricey for having to replace every three months , but if this is all i have to replace it is well worth it .
this ball is great for babies to grab before they can hold onto regular balls . my son loved this up until 9 or so months .
this passy is really cute , and can rest on the babies chest or side to anchor it in place ( if you're lucky ) .
we like the color and softness of the brush . we use it almost everyday to comb our new born hair since our baby has a lot of hair .
these are perfect for a changing pad.wash great but do not put in the dryer as it backing will flake off and not be water proof anymore .
just not impressed :( tried a medium and a large . my baby boy just never could get comfortable or position correctly .
my baby never liked to wear this bib . he is now 10 months old and average size . it was never comfortable for him to wear .
i really like these caps . they fit on my medela glass and plastic bottles and are dishwasher safe .
my 17 month old loves these . she wants to feed herself . this small spoon and fork allow her to that .
daughter loved it . provided hours of entertainment when she was less than mobile . held up to all the abuse a small child will put it through .
i love this boppy cover . it's so cute and extremely soft . easy to wash , which is important with all the liquids that babies spew !
good quality , very handy . great quantity for the price . fun to add to a diaper cake or baby shower gift .
broke a few days after use :( plastic won't hold up to anyone heavier then 60 lbs use only for kids
i have beeen looking for a bottle brush that will hold up and this is the one ! i love the stand it comes with !
great fit , cute , safe for baby but deflated so fast . my husband has to re-pump it every couple days
sturdy and strong and holds a soothie pacifier with ease . the clip although strong , does not destroy the baby's clothes .
great for the house , picnic tables , travel , restaurants , friends houseslove this product
they do what they say they do ... keep my daughters toys in reach so they don't get lost while on the go .
my daughter loves to gnaw on this . i purchased this pack so i could give one to my nephew . great purchase .
my son absolutely loves this . it is very stimulating and the 15 minutes of music is a nice variety . the best mobile i have seen yet ...
this works great . i love the night light on it . if you remember to soak the sponge each week then it will work great for you !
screws broke while putting in . the plastic pieces are garbage quality and very brittle . wouldn't think they'd stand up to daily use . i'm returning this junk .
this is my son's favorite toy to take on the road with him . its easy to hold and easy to hit the big button for more music ,
i love the colors and it works really well . my grandson loves this and is already using it all the time .
love this and so does my baby ! would love a real ergo but the hubs would kill me , this was a great alternate .
been using these bibs for a while and they are still nice and bright looking after multiple washings and multiple feedings of green , orange , etc colored foods .
love the bags to store my breast milk but i'm not sure about the rest of the kit , wasn't as simple as i was hoping
my son used this when we transition from the potty chair to the toilet . this helped him tremendously and made the toilet more accessible .
this was a cute toy till the baby turns into a toddler and loses all the pieces and then it's just another toy in the junk pile .
i like how they screw on so that little hands can't take the lids off . i haven't yet used them in the microwave .
fast shipping ! love these cups , they are perfect and not too steep of an investment in something that can easily be lost or forgotten .
daughter saw it once , wanted to play with it . she gave up shortly thereafter when she couldn't get in . highly recommended .
they work exactly as promised and are so cute and fun . tip , use a bottle brush before placing in dishwasher .
my two month old daughter loves this toy . she stares and coos at it every time i put her in her car seat .
suctioned to my rear window , does its job , holds great and doesnt get in the way . and the price is great too .
this fits our pack n play mattress very well . i love it for when our daughter sleeps on that mattress .
this thing is so pointless . just boil your stuff - this thing takes up so much space . totally unnecessary item on your baby list .
got the product and the charger for the camera is broken so i returned it
lightweight , cute , easy to push , cup holder , and can be taken on airplane . just what we were looking for at a great price .
i use medela pump in style and the standard adapter fits and you can pump directly into the kiind bag
superb ! it's a " must have " . she is able to play independently and you don't have to worry .
not made in the usa :( super cute and useful , great product but doesn't keep as fresh as ziplock bag .
love the packaging and the product but i dont really care much for the smell ... it's not terrible , it just smells like apple juice .
the sassy is better on both counts . it holds more food and the mesh is removable for easier cleaning and replacement .
very adorable and useful ! wish it wasn't so flimsy but can be used for a lot . adorable addition to a amina's nursery .
its perfect . its just the right size , snaps onto the bag not velcro like other ones so it never falls off !
i really like these bowls . good size . easy to hold . perfect first bowls for feeding rice cereal to your little one .
when my son fit in this , he was still pooping often and these didn't contain the mess too well ( ebf , so not very solid ) .
fell apart within a week in the car without anyone touching it . i don't recommend it . i'm sure you can diy something better .
i love this for my daughter . it folds up easy when it has no toys and its soft so she cant get hurt on it .
cute and easy to put on ! they are so comfy looking and my baby seems to enjoy them . i got several more , and they fit as advertised
they have really improved these sippy cups by making the spout silicone and one piece . my son loves them and has never had a problem drinking from them .
i love it ... good for the price and very pretty for a little girl . i will order again soon thanks
does what it is supposed to do , easy to put on and easier to toss out once finished . this is also super absorbent !
a fun inexpensive interractive toy . great for the bathtub and play time . helps eye / hand coordination skills . my granddaughter is 11 months and enjoys this toy
great idea . the light is great and the nail file that attaches to the handle is great also . i love this .
this is ideal for the stroller . also , they are ideal for just about anything along the same idea , such as walkers .
these nursing pads are inconveniently obvious under any clothing i've tried , and they soak through quickly . back to the disposables , i guess .
my 3 - month old baby loves looking at this horse , grabbing it , putting it in his mouth.well made , looks great . we both love it :)
very colorful , well made , easy to put together and take apart , the music component is its best feature . highly recommend !
we had trouble with the harness that came with our chair , and this works great as a replacement . very sturdy and he doesnt get out of it !
my son loves this thing ! nice to have a thicker a + a blanket for the winter . gets even softer with every wash and holds up great !
a nipple our breastfed baby likes ! he is five months old and this is the only nipple he's ever tolerated .
i have used snappis for over a year and love them . i have tried boingos and pins and i always come back to the snappi .
we will tell friends and family . love elephants and it is a pretty color . the price was average like anyother stuffy .
they're outlet plugs , what can i say ? i think they fit really nice and snug . for the price they are perfect .
these look great , however they are not ideal for a 3 year old ! it's difficult to fill them , but sure is fun to squirt them .
these and the re-play cups are our go-to cups for our toddler . these leak a little but it is manageable .
if your child is over 6 months which i didn't realize until i received the package . back it goes . it's really pretty in person .
the baby seems to enjoy this a lot nice light show and music my wife said it entertain the baby while trying to put her to sleep
i like the one piece model of these and i'm glad i went to a smaller phalange . i ordered two more sets i liked these so much !
ergo baby products are wonderful ! ! ! my little baby will fit so snug in this infant wrap :-) . it's perfect
this works very well for baby . only negative is my baby outgrew his chair very quickly and i had to give it away
my daughter wasn't too impressed with these . they seem well made and stay on , but she just didn't seem to love them on her .
these work really well . lid stays on snug , easy to wash and use . i will get a lot of use out of these .
this was easy to assemble and exactly what i needed to be able to bring baby home from hospital in .
i highly recommend these as we used them for our eldest son as well . very easy to clean , nice shape .
this sheet is as soft as expected and it's also very easy to put on . i haven't had an issues with it .
bag is a good size and stays up great if you follow the tip of putting rubbing alcohol on the suction cups and tub .
i use this to store 3 dr brown's narrow neck bottles to and from daycare . sturdy and fits them well .
great and works well for my needs . handy when am on the go and cant take my electric pump
would be great but it tears far to easily and some are wasted this way . i would not buy them again .
it was great up until about 9 months in , when it decided not to work anymore . other than that it was a wonderful item to have .
very soft and stretchy blankets - we ordered the blue set , and the colour is nice , not an obnoxious blue . they wash well , too .
doesn't fit our mamadoo play yard mattress . to bad , i really wanted something to keep our play yard mattress waterproof .
teething toddlers are impossible to please . he loves these more than the sophie and even more than his own fingers . highly recommended
i thought i was going to tet all the fruits not just one , and it did it even let me oick the color i wanted .
my one year old likes it and we use it every day - just a tiny bit . i like the fact that it's all natural .
and it works as expected , not really sure what else to say . doesn't seem cheap and lasts a long time .
we originally bought this for camping but we use it all the time.it is great for bring over to others house that do not have a highchair.easy to clean
our son loves these ... unfortunately so does our dog , so we are on our 3rd package . but baby loves them , so we keep ordering them .
bought two of these and my daughter liked this one better than the princess one . they are super cute , though . bright colors .
it fits my toto oval shape toilet bowl , i like it ! and my baby loves to put it on the toilet bowl and sits on it .
i'm pretty sure this is the same pacifier the hospitals give out or it is very similar . this was the only pacy my daughter actually liked !
does just want it is intended to do ... keep my toddler out of self-serve snacks ! it's not the most attractive but it does a great job .
my son got these at 10 months and loves it during bath time . espeically the blue bug ! couldn't ask for a better product
no more spills when taking his bottles of milk , water and juice to places and no more problems with liquid waste in his bag .
exactly what mother to be wanted for baby shower . evenflo has great reputation for safety so great item . baby fits in it perfect
these wipes are perfect to throw into the breast pump bag and clean everything between uses . small packaging allows you to take only what you need .
nice space saving bouncer but babies don't seem to like it very much . i wish it had music or lights .
these work well with the medela pump in style . you should change the membranes every 2-3 months for optimal pumping .
this is the cutest and most useful thing for your baby . would recommend to anyone looking for a gift to give to new parents .
this is a great bag for dads who don't want a baby-looking bag . can be used after for other things .
this is great ! my son cannot open our pantry now :) we have a door that opens outward - and it works perfectly for it ..
this is a great bath toy that teaches coordination as well as colors . my daughter loves catching the bugs in the tub .
this does the trick but isn't perfect . it's soft and there's an imprint where the baby's head rests nightly . definitely doesn't last overly long .
wonderfully designed , beautifully crafted , and in a very handsome ( and virtually impossible to find ) color combination , my daughter is really delighted with this choice .
yes , it's a little hard , but so far my toddler has not complained about it . i love the cute pattern on the seat !
my grand daughters absolutely love this sippy cup ! it's easy for their little hands to grab and hold with confidence .
i liked it and the color is good and can also be used by the kids as they grow and durable and solves the purpose which i bought it for
i like the different sizes , but wish they were more bendable for my breast pump parts . overall a good purchase .
i looked at the dimensions and thought it would work but another couple of inches would have really helped . my mistake .
i love that the bottom is squeezable . perfect for babies first straw cup ! the handles also help her grip the bottle
my son loves this mobile . he is not easily entertained but is fascinated by this . he enjoys the music and the bright colors .
these are reliably strong and they are also truly standing bags . these seals work well , and the material protects well from odors .
my son loves his sophie . he takes it everywhere and noms on it like its never going out of style .
very soft , fits perfectly , and an adorable pattern that perfectly matches the nursery ! what more can i say ? love aden + anais products !
spiced up my sons room . very nice looking and high quality for the price.look awesome in his room . highly recommend them
the plastic drop in bottles work perfectly well . i recycle the plastics and i don't have to wash the bottles .
agreed that your spout must have a shower diverter . otherwise it is useless :( that stinks since i didn't realize that before i bought it .
blanket is soft . baby likes the way the edges feel bi don't much like the color it seems " muddier " in person
this is a great item . it is easy to clean . it is very useful and baby thinks it's lots of fun !
we have a boy , so changing accidents are common . i'd recommend getting 3 . very soft and fits the changing pad well .
i really love all the lamaze toys that i have purchased and this is no exception . i am very happy with this one .
just what i needed . overall loving this product so far and would recommend . no issues upon arrival . happy about my purchase !
the price was great on these tubes and they work just like the medela ones . i've had no suction problems at all .
i got two of these and they are very soft and cute ! very good choice , they fit nicely over the changing pad
this is great to have . now you don't have to keep switching the car seat base out of your car when someone else has the baby .
this is adorable and hilarious . the only problem is that the " nub " part is ginormous , so my baby seemed to gag on it .
they are the perfect size for baby . and they wash up beautifully in the dish washer in the top rack .
we have high chair and this bebepod , but use this chair every time - it is way easier . started at 7m .
one of my son's favorite toys . its a struggle to get it out of his hand at 3 months old to feed him !
product was exactly as described . my daughter enjoys playing with the balls . the rattle ball is the one she likes the best .
large warm and very absorbent . fun print and soft material . great value and will be used for a long time at our house .
this mirror makes it sooo easy to see my son in the backseat . very clear mirror , unlike all of the others i came across . buy this !
great teether . my little guy loves to chew on his pacifier so this is perfect . the whole thing is soft enough for him to chew on .
i bought this when on sale and i am happy i did it would have been a pain in the butt taking this base in and out of cars .
these are great . they cling wonderfully , and can be moved over and over . no problems so far , and we've had them for over 3 months .
this worked great at first but the valve broke after only 2 months . i would not recommend this diaper sprayer !
much more like the real thing making for a happy baby , and comfortable to handle and easy to grip . would go any other way now !
these work great with my medela pump in style advanced . just like the ones that came with the pump but a different brand .
i got the 9 month and it fit closer to a 6 month size . very cute though ! really loved it .
tiny love is an incredibly versatile toy ! can put it on almost anything , anywhere !
used in small space to store toys at kids level . seems to work well and keep toys organized and easily accessible .
these bottles are amazing . the baby enjoys the way the nipple is shaped as it resembles the breast . well worth the investment !
exactly what they product describes . my daughter needed fast flow prior to 6 months and these were perfect . just wish they came more to a pack
these are great little toys for baby . they fit chubby wrists wonderfully and the contrast is great at getting baby's attention .
baby likes it . has many colors and rattles inside when shaken . easy for baby to hold item and play with it .
it does what it promises and that's about it . it's pretty darn hard to put on the long bottle but it looks cute .
great for winter sleeping and much easier to use than the sleep sacks without the shoulder snaps . we bought a large for next winter's use too !
a must have if you have two cars ! ! ! and i love the hidden compartment for the instructions . great job chicco !
i really like this cup , baby not useful , i hope like baby love to use word of mouth said yes , and watertight
nice and soft . my baby loves it . easy to put on and stays on . we had the puj travel tuband the material is the same .
one of her favorite toys . my daughter often played with it . it was a good purchase . i think it was one of our best
our granddaughter really loves these and the have worked out really well . her eyes just lite up when she saw what she had to eat with !
i like this one no fragrance . have been using it for 2weeks for my lips and pretty good . would buy it againand would use it for my son
it was just what i was looking for , very soft ... perfect for daily use for nb . good price , would purchase again and recommend to others .
i bought this photo album today in burlington ( miami ) for 11.99 ! just perfect ! 200 photos + space to write something .
had to wash it several times to have it become soft . it was quite crisp when it was new . i find the size too small :(
we live in tucson , az and this liner saved our little one from a lot of uncomfortably hot car rides .
not as absorbent as i thought they would be , a much longer than i thought also . i still use them though .
they are ok . snacks go stale pretty quick , and the zipper gets dingy after just a couple uses . but hey .. they are cute !
these are wonderful for making home made baby food . the best part is that it is super easy to pop the food cubes out after they are frozen .
this bowl did not stay stuck to the tray of the high chair for very long.will not buy and extra .
this is great , i have it hooked on the play yard and it gets played with a lot . you can also attach it to a car seat .
exactly what i ordered and serves it's purpose well . i love how thin they are and take less space in the closet . definitely recommend .
my daughter loves this toothbrush . she is one and can grip it well on her own . she reaches for it all the time .
it's not only a cute pattern , but i use this as a changing pad liner instead of bassinet pad . the size is great .
i use this all the time and it a very nice pacifier holder . the material is silky smooth and holds up to washing very well.worth my money
i love the water wrap baby carrier . the color is absolutely gorgeous and the material feels fabulous wet as well as dry !
one of the best baby gifts that i received . it is a cute little white noise machine .
works great with dr brown standard size bottles its just amazing and way better than most you can find out there
it will make a noise when she plays it , and the color is bright , so it can attract the attention of the baby
easy to use , and very easy to click in and out . owned the chicco keyfit and love this just the same .
perfect length , fits crib well , color is spot on . i am happy with this purchase and would suggest it to others .
works well .. but doesn't last long even after i put it in the freezer for 2 days . but it's okay . i wouldn't buy it again though .
for a this being a spill proof cup , it sure leaks a lot ! only time it doesn't leak is when it is locked ! !
our son when younger ( 0-3 months ) loved this , now that he's 10 months old he's lost interest , but good to have for younger babies
its cute it fun my baby boy liked playing with it.good for keeping baby occupied . i would recommend to moms
i would love to buy all the lamaze products , they are great for babies ... my son loves it , it's the perfect toy to take
even though i am not breastfeeding i love him being right next to me i can feel him breath and make sure he is ok
works great , son loves it . works perfect for boys . great quality . the high back supports my son so he wont feel like he is falling back
we have one of these under both our car seats , works well and has the cut outs in the right spots .
my 8 month old twins love these blocks . they are fun colors and are a favorite to soothe their teething little gums !
good inserts just kinda bulky and they take awhile to dry . ended up buying babykicks and love them much better .
not the best if you want something you can also use on high chairs . bulky . on the plus size , it is easy to wash .
bought this after nuk ones . they are definitely better but not for use overnight . i recommend the bamboobies ? i think they were called .
only lasted a month until it started malfunctioning . threw it away at 2 months and bought a different one . great while it lasted
this is a must ! i love that it has zero flouride ! and the little blue finger brush is super handy :)
this fit the crib perfectly . we really loved the material . the only issue we had was the instructions were a bit hard to understand .
i love this spinning drying rack ! i've had it for a year and i still use it . it does its job very well ! great buy !
my child loves this product . i actually have it mounted on a table next to my couch and is nice visual stimulation during feedings etc .
pros : easy to useit works just finecons : if the pant is too big ( waist ) it works but does not look good .
what is better for a baby but music . easy to take along . love baby einstein products . can be used for a long period of time .
it's perfect , we should have purchased one of these a long time ago to save our carpet . i think it's a little overpriced , though .
really really wish the numbers and markings were bigger - too tiny to read really . other than that these are great for pumping and storing .
arrived on time definitely much better than lasinoh breast pads but feels very syntactic lasinoh does too but these are less irritating . they'll definitely keep you dry .
dose the job great keeping her from hitting her head just didnt think about the fact that we also use the shower daily
these are soft and wash well . the are good to tie into a crib or lay in a bassinet .
these membranes fit just right and work as intended . i always prefer medela over a knock off brand ... seems to be better quality
this has alerted us when the water was over 100 degrees which was really reassuring . great product to have and really cute .
bought this as a gift for my soon-to-be new nephew and my sister-in-law loved them ! they are nice and big , much more so than standard swaddling blankets .
this is a great developmental toy . i love how each ring is a different color and texture . it's also a great value price-wise .
7 month old loves it . we stick it to high hair . keeps him occupied after i feed him and need to lean the kitchen .
i put these in my diaper dekkor pail and i don't notice any difference . i guess a diaper pail is too big a job for these to handle .
wonderful item for the price . needed to be ironed when it arrived , but does the job at a great price .
maybe they get better with 1 or 10 washes . they are stiff and scratchy ! they do not feel like blankets at all , though the print is adorable
overall it works great . it does slip once and awhile if the water or my son hit bit just right .
my 10mo old has used this for the last few months . he loves it ! great product ! i highly recommend it !
good for organizing the dresser ... i wish i had purchased more . its easy to install and looks great . i love it
my daughter still is using themmakes it a lot easier to keep up with her pacifierscheaper then the other expensive brands and does the exact same thing ! highly recommend
delivers on the promise . sensory ball is great . wish the fabric ball was a bit larger . overall its a good buy !
only suggestion , make the suction cup to secure this on both sides , not just one . other than that , this is a great product .
works great to protect little heads ! it fits well too . i can tell it will last a long time . good quality .
a pain to install , but they hold up well against my toddler , and are being used every day . not bad for the price .
these are great swaddling blankets . i washed them three times before the first use and they are still beautiful !
good for little hands and the curved sides help with less mess.it seems pretty sturdy and it's so far a great product and i would recommend .
this is a great sturdy clip and works for a variety of pacifiers , including the soothies , which others don't work on .
this is definitely my favorite nail clipper for little ones , but i wish it would stay sharp just a little longer .
we went with the elite because of the foot peddle controlled lid , it was a good decision . no regrets so far .
get medela brand . don't skimp and buy the cheap off-brand stuff . these are the best . keep them on hand if you're a pumping mom .
this is a perfect product for new parents to monitor their babies from any room . it is very user friendly !
this goes on very easy and works perfectly to lessen the reach for my 14 month old a the sink .
affordable basic plugs . have no problems with the fit - not that easy to take out for the baby , not too hard for me .
there is a nice feeling to the fabric of this sheet . it fits perfectly around the mattress even after washing .
love that it is fairly light and extremely well made . i also really like the conversion options and the flexibility of the stroller .
a terrific time saver and no more worries about sanitation . easy to use and a nice looking unit that doesn't look bad when sitting out in the open .
this sling is perfect for babies 9lbs or lighter . any heavier and it doesn't work anymore lol . but it does fit in the kitchen sink .
fantastic ! my baby granddaughter has learned how to push the button to make the music and the music is not irritating .
very soft and fits my changing pad perfectly . this changing pad also washes well without shrinkage or pilling of fabric .
great mirror . it serves just right for my suv . the price and product are appropriate . we love it ! you will too
this is a practical useful accessory for a stroller - - easy to install - - fits plenty of items . would definitely recommend .
this is thick and durable for the bassinet or the lap to protect from blowouts , highly recommend
these bibs are super absorbent it keeps my sons clothes dry during teething and they are also very cute in colour and very fashionable
i love these containers . the lids seal perfect and they hold more food than the regular ice cube trays , so much better !
this works great with the infantino pouches ! the whole set is amazing . i wish i would have purchased it sooner !
this is a great product , just know its a little hard to get out of the outlet , so be careful when pulling out .
we can never have enough caps or rings , so it was a relief to find that they could be purchased without bottles !
i now buy one of these for every mommy to be i know ! the corners a is where it's at . really good for a moving baby .
they are okay . when i received my order the nipples were size 1 not like the pictures show on amazon that they are size 4 .
perfect for milk leaks , diaper leaks etc , really protects the crib mattress and that it's organic is even better ! thanks
my baby loves this . it's cute and it's sound is just lovely . it's easily taken from car seat to jungle gym and etc .
slightly smaller than i thought it would be but it seems to take everything i need so no real complaint there.love the stroller clips .
gets the job done for up to 6 hours ... but the milk will become cool . wish i could find one that actually kept it cold ...
my daughter loves her nap mat , and uses it a mother's day out . love the cute monkey , and the attached blanket and pillow are soft .
these work perfectly for our toddler , they are easy to grip . they are simple to clean too , they fit in the dishwasher nicely .
this shawl is way to thick and heavy , it doesn't allow for any air circulation . i recommend the pirose nursing scarf instead
i agree that it came incredibly creased , but it didn't matter because it was too small anyway . my toddler wears a 2t / 3t hat .
my son has crazy reflux , so i never go very far without a couple of these . these are absorbent and soft ! couldn't be happier .
i'm not so happy with these . they are super narrow . i'm considering sewing 2 together so they will cover the diaper fleece .
it is very comfortable and soft to sit on . my boy loves sitting there and reading books just for fun .
a nice accessory to the bottle dryer . both are a bit overpriced in my opinion but very cute on the counter and certainly allow things to dry quickly .
the color is fine but the sides bow in and sometimes the lid falls in . lids just don't work well with cloth hampers .
links attach easily to anything , hold a variety of items and are interesting enough to hold baby's attention on their own . very handy
gave this to my daughter cause she was teething like crazy ( 3 teeth at once poor girl . ) she started using it right away .
awaiting the arrival of the grand baby so my daughter can use them . looking to buy the storage bottles soon .
i bought this as a gift . the mother seems to really appreciate it , so i guess it does its job :-)
we got it and it was so cheap . i ended up just throwing it away . don't bother . waste of money
this is my 2nd order they work wonderful . i have not tried to remove them yet so i have no idea if they will mess up your finish .
i have twins and it takes longer to warm in this than the sink and you have to wait ten minutes between each bottle .
i returned this changing pad cover . it didn't fit the changing pad well at all . material felt cheap , not impressed .
so cute and my grandson loves sitting with a book while he practices being a big boy . easy to clean and sturdy .
low price.works as advertised.from 4 months on , my little boy was using it properly as soon as he received it.at 5.8 months , it is a saving grace !
our little girl is now 9 weeks and she's been sleeping in this since we brought her home at 48 hours .
the material is comfy . it washes well , no color runs and dries quickly too . i think it's value for money .
my daughter loves soups , and we use this to send her to school with soup for lunch . it never leaks and keeps the food warm .
it is save and easy to use even on a super active toddler . i absolutely love this product ! great item .
great product where your child won't choke on food . it gives them the chance to taste food without the danger
our big guy is just starting to become familiar with the potty and this has blocked a stray stream already . does what it was made to do .
we live in a 100 year old home with teeny tiny closets , this is a huge help to maximizing our space !
this is a great product for protecting your babies ! we loved its quality and baby proofed our entire living room with it !
sometimes it gets stuck during a turn . i've had to wiggle it a little bit to get the buttons loose .
this works perfectly on the round rail for thedavinci emily convertible baby crib in cherry
this has interesting colors and sounds . unless you have an old-fashioned phone , model how to use this . little ones love to imitate their parents and siblings .
i was a little hesitant when ordering because of the price but my little girl loves it and helps her settle in her crib . also the remote is awesome
nice bright pop of color and it is super soft . love this so much more than the normal bobby covers !
matches the nursery theme also very soft and fits the changing pad perfectly . washes well and does what it was purchased for .
bought this based on the other reviews and really like it . soft blades , but creates a fairly strong breeze .
i returned this sling because my baby hated it . i thought it was great and i was hopeful she would like it to .
regalo my cot portable bed , royal bluewhat a great little invention ! perfect for sleepovers at grandma and grandpas house !
my 14 month old likes to chew on this sometimes , but not all the time . so if your kid likes it , it serves its purpose .
this works well as a barrier for insects and also for people who want to touch your baby . we use this daily on our walks .
this hedgehog is ridiculously cute . my son is not really into him ... i don't know why , but i love having him around the house ... :-)
grandchild loves these sheets , sleeps so much better on cuddly , soft stuff . they are supersoft , hold up well in the wash , color is beautiful .
very cute and gives a great light . i like that you can choose between the colors and that it has a sensor .
my daughter is now 2 and we still stick her cups on this to dry and it holds many cups and lids , and spouts on bottom ! ! !
i was reluctant to pay so much money for an add-on to the baby chair , but it is designed thoughtfully and the baby latched on to it immediately .
does not stick to our doors . we have standard glossy finish sliding doors . this product is a waste of money .
best kids cup i have found ! does not leak ! keeps liquids cold ! kids love the flip top and carry handle . very durable !
love that i found this . they don't make these any more , but i needed this base for the grandparents cars .
got this for my little one and did the job perfectly - looks great in our tub - easy to put on so far so good
the boon lawn works beautifully to hold the various bottles , parts and pacifiers while keeping them high and dry . i highly reccomend this for puchase .
i thought this would be great for eating out with my son but it didn't stay in place , kept rolling up
worked great for about a minute ... cons : cheaply madebattery dies super quickfoam breaks so easily ... clip keeps falling off
you will love this for your little one . sings great clear songs and the pads are easy to activate and engaging with your baby .
great colors and very lightweight so it would really take a lot for these to break . since they're made out of recycled material it's a green purchase !
good choice , great for holding paci , toys , rags , any light item of babies from falling to the ground . i recommend it !
i bought these for my 2 month old and love them . much better quality than alot of cheaper ones i found online .
these work well and my baby girl likes them . i like them because the straps no longer mark her neck and she is more comfortable .
these were exactly as described and exactly as expected . super cute and gbaby loves it ! love love them ! well worth the money
it was the perfect adapter to use for my sons car seat and easy to install . i wish all the bobs came with this
finally she gave up on unplugging the cords from this socket , and easy to install too . i would buy it again
i love the practicality of this product . congrats to its inventor ! my child loves it . easy to use , soft seat , easy to wash .
baby shower gift for my niece . she picked it out and i ordered it for her . she wanted the mesh breathable kind to protect against suffocation .
i love this seat soooo much better than the crappy cheap one my mom bought him at walmart . its perfect !
my two year old popped this off the knob in under 2 seconds . if your kid is clever or persistant , this product won't work . sorry .
who doesn't like aden and anais wraps ? i did , however , expect it to just have dinosaurs , but has frogs as well ...
we bought this for my granddaughter when she spends time with grandma . it's working out just fine . this was a good purchase .
these are not very absorbent and they smelled so bad after a couple uses . i hate that they're filled with polyester instead of more cotton .
my cousin is having a baby soon so i got this box to help with the baby's room and to wrap the gifts in :)
my toddler loves this seat . i like the buckle to hold her in and it is light to carry . great booster !
this is really cute , and well made . i think it is a little overpriced , but will hopefully get a lot of use out of it !
fits snugly around the pad and works really well ! we have no complaints ! nice , soft and comfortable for our little baby .
love it ! loved it so much i bought the boy one as well ! so easy to use , plush cover but hard cover ! very nicely done !
easy to grab , but not as soft as i thought it would be . it's also larger than i would like it to be .
i want to like this cup since it is basically spill proof . but every time my daughter tries to use it she makes a mess .
perfect for having your baby in a cool climate . it is really safe and you can put it everywhere . perfect for gifts
great bag for stroller just a little tight , worked up a sweat trying to get the stroller in but we finally did and it took two of us !
so convienent . i use it on the swing , car seat and stroller ! my 3 month old loves looking at the toys .
my son hasn't shown a ton of interest ( 7months ) but it's cute and easy to grasp - well made .
using these bottles because i didn't want to mess with bottle liners , and baby is very pleased and satisfied with them .
they do what i need them to do . i wish they were a bit easier for adults to get out !
use this every day in the mother's room at work ! love it and recommend to all my nursing mom friends . can't live without it .
love this sage hamper ! came lightning fast with free shipping ... love the sage green color ... very good quality !
my baby doesn't like this , and i don't like this . it's flimsy , and you still have to bend over quite a bit .
i love this monitor ! i especially love that it's rechargeable ! it is clear and small and you can travel quite a ways with it .
it was exactly what i wanted . it was a nice size , and also it was easy to apply , and put up on the wall
after 5 months it has held up very well , and there is room for everything . it's also masculine enough for my dh to carry .
i ordered this item and realized it was the wrong one so i returned it . it was perfect when i got it . looked durable .
i have used this so much with our newborn son , its soft and washes easily !
love this not only dose it do the temp but my little one loves playing with it in the bath
the only bottle that my exclusively breastfed baby will take . it is shaped like a boob and the nipple acts the same as a human nipple .
this cover protects the rail , but provides little cushion for baby bumps and falls.it might help if your baby chews on their crib .
i didn't use it long , but it didn't work for us and i was nervous for my son to sleep with it on .
the babies like this teether and have used it for many chews for their teeth and gums , i would buy it again .
nice and big and clear image to see my son . adjustable angles easily too and not difficult to move from vehicle to vehicle .
it's easy for my 5 month old to hold , and no matter what angle she gets it in her mouth , she can chew on it !
this product works but i'm not sure why it is so expensive for each individual lock . i'm looking forward to see what happens when we remove them .
terrible set . the spoon doesn't really hold any food and the fork doesn't work well either . consider buying the oxo set instead .
this is an awesome product . i am able to multi task while i pump so i can get more things done
this is a very smartly constructed bassinet / cosleeper . we like it a lot.only minus i could mention is that you cannot wash the cloth material on it .
these items are awesome . the brush has soft bristles , both are brightly colored , cute design on both the brush and comb .
both of my sons gnawed on these relentlessly . gets to those back molars easily , an the circle plate keeps them from shoving it down their throats !
love the way this looks ! my 3.5 year old loves the cup holder . i love everything about this car seat .
great little toy for my baby learning to grasp things ; he has the matching blankies and pillow , for $ 6 i couldn't resist .
excellent product and i need five of this for my next bay showers , but i only bought 2 because the price was increased in 50 % or more .
i got these for my cousin's baby shower even though i don't think i am going anymore so i might get stuck with them ...
my baby is soo entertained by these books ... he loves the colors and images ... he will sit in his crib looking at these books by himself ...
these are great for little walkers . they can move around but are still warm all night long . much better than the other sacks without foot holes .
this is the best thing ever for washing bottle parts and pacifiers . very easy to use and gets all parts clean .
doesn't work , doesn't fit and i hope the friends with the dog i gave it to can use it , because i sure can't !
i wish i bought a few more . they are so handy and make it easy for me to make my daughters food . i love them .
cute , easy for my toddler to drink from . we use it in the bathroom !
some describe this product as natural , however these products contain parabens and other preservatives . spend a couple more bucks and get some california baby products .
one of the few toys my daughter adapted to quickly . we purchased this about 7 months ago . it is durable and good for her motor skills .
love the colors and the light weight material . hold up well when baby spits up on them . super soft too .
i found these to be too small in width to adequately cover my 7 months old . cute but not functional
pregnancy after sleep will feel uncomfortable , use the pillow , sleeping at night is safe and comfortable.it can also be used as pillows
this product is exactly as advertised . it is efficient and does the job it is supposed too .
great product for younger babies , but my 11 month old started pushing the top of the nipple in which makes it leak all over .
my daughter used these right away and loves them ! they are easy to pick up food with because of the way they are shaped .
works great ; picks up sound really well . the only thing i would like better is if the main monitor had a rechargeable battery as well .
this hamper is actually much larger than i had expected . i have two girls and it works perfect for us .
sturdy , good for both my newborn and 23 - month old , but diamond studded pattern tends to be more difficult to clean than my previous smooth mat
we use this on all of our outings with our 18 month old . i love the no spill an ease of use for my little one .
my son really likes these . easy to clean off , bright colors . they disolve very quickly if left sitting in water .
i bought them so grandma can use for my child . i guess they are useful as i got no complains so far form her .
pro : its digital - its a thermometercon : it doesn't wash my car-it can't vacuum my carpets as good as a shark
and does the job ! a little pricey , but that's because it's a name brand . then again , if it wasn't , it wouldn't fit so well ..
super cute and smart toys for newborns . love the sounds and bright colors and designs will recommend to friends to buy
our granddaughter has long outgrown these , and i forgot to write a review , but this was a great product that we loved .
highly recommend with purchase of portable crib great quality cotton . i purchased two so i'm prepared for accidents . great product
so thick and work so great , love them ! they are all so very cute to look at . you won't regret buying these !
i have not had a problem with using these bottles on my older model of the medela pump . very helpful to have extras !
this paci holder is cute , soft , and stays in place . functions as intended . no complaints in our household ! would recommend .
the blue one has a permanent dent in it due to the packaging . otherwise , very cute and interesting for my daughter .
a lot more stickers than i expected . my son loves these . they are all over his room .
these are exactly what i needed to replace the old set of tubes for my breastpump . it's just nice to know that they are new and sanitary .
i think i paid too much for a nail clipper that doesn't seem to be anything special .
this gate is great . it is super sturdy , crazy easy to mount , and nice quality . you really can't go wrong !
hurray ! it fit to our evenflo babysuite 300 mattress . this is so soft cotton material & i'm glad i purchased this .
the idea behind this product is nice . keeps scents out of your house and like the genie in bottle , the scent stays in ..
this is great for babies . my baby loves it . she jumps herself to sleep sometimes .
this bumper is great ! very easy to install and keeps my baby from getting his arms and legs stuck between the crib rails .
this car seat is so easy to get in and out of the car . definitely the best seat for the money ! and i researched them all !
i actually didn't end up using this as the standard kit was far large enough , but this is solid , colorful and easy to use .
my 2 yr old daughter it now potty trained .. i dont like her touching the public seats .. this is perfect .
gift to grandson . our daughter loved it . safe for young kids to use with supervision . thank you thank you thanks
these were way too small for me and didnt work at all . they did seem like they might be comfortable if they were bigger .
works well . but i thought it was a little pricy for a cupholder . however its the only one that i could find .
our twin girls love them ! they provide comfort for them when in the crib . one of their favorite toys as well .
this is so beautiful and obviously does the job where you can look down and see the baby ... but seriously , so pretty !
durability wise we could definitely rely on avent . i bought 2 for my daughter and as a gift to a sons friend .
this panda is adorable and keeps them busy ! it also has a part on the back where you can hang it on a stroller or swing !
this was a baby shower gift . the mom to be requested this item . i have myself used a boppy and slipcovers and loved them !
the best thing about this pad is your pad cover doesnt need to have seat belt holes i have 2 of them and i love them
i just got this for my kido , such a cute sippy cup and different . i got it with the muchkin 3 bowl suctions
works great on carpet , itz ok on hard floors . if you have borders on the wall thats were it works fine but can easily move around
my 18 month old son enjoys sitting on his " potty " . it seems very comfortable for him , and it is easy to clean .
my son did not like these also the netting came apart . they are also hard to open .
nice enough product , although i haven't noticed any difference in the feel of my clothes or a decrease in drying time .
i like these way better than the gmd clotheez prefolds . they are super absorbent and have no tag on them which i love
its awesome . love that i can take it off one item and use it on another . not bulky , just great for my five year old .  .
this diaper fits very well and looks super cute . my only complaint is that the inside of the diaper is plasticy and sometimes makes my baby's skin red .
i like it because it is thin and can be inserted in any bag . and the price is also cheap .
love this product ! it's very convenient for travel or while you're out doing errands . i would definitely recommend this product to family and friends .
these are useful for newborns and i feel safe using them since they are organic cotton . very glad we added them to our baby registry
we bought this based on reviews , and 18 months later , it is still working . no static and it's been dropped several times and still works .
this is definitely worth the money . it is cushy , adjusts easily and the tray is also easy to attach and remove ! love it !
we use this a lot on my daughter and it works a treat . she doesn't always like it but it does the job !
this is a must have ( in any color ) for a baby nursery . these covers are soft and comfortable and they hold up to lots of washes !
i bought this to match my daugters baby room decor - she loves it - very cute and well made
pros : nice material and colorcons : it is too small ( the width ) , and the zip is too big ; expensive for what you get
i like this a lot more than my son did . he wants nothing to do with it .
al bañar al bebe algunas veces le ponemos esta capucha y lo secamos con las toallas . son muy suaves y facil de lavar :)
these bags are better quality than i expected ! they are perfect to keep in the diaper bag to dispose of dirty diapers while out and about .
we returned this mattress because it did not fit the portable crib that we previously ordered on amazon.it was a quality mattress but the wrong size .
this changing pad cover is super soft , easy to put on and take off , and an attractive color green . i would buy again .
i used 2 stickers so far & they don't stick that well to the fabric . you can see the edges peeling off on the pictures .
i do not know how they think this item can fit on a basic sliding glass door . i had to return . way too big .
i like this set but one of the blocks cracked on the top after the first use . i can still use it but i'm disappointed .
my 6 month old son loves this toy ! it's easy to hold and he enjoys the music and the lights .
we been through 5 different potty seats . this one is our favorite . we bought two . very easy to clean and its comfy for our toddler .
this goes well with the new prince lionheart wipe warmer as well . a bit bulky but really useful .
such a cute bunny and so so super soft ! got her for my babies first easter and she loves feeling the soft fur and cuddling with her !
it's much bigger than my imagine . i think it's useful to clean bottles . and good quality . strong and big enough .
i surly there daily for my daughter , great size for snacks , she is able to carry them around without spilling too much .
this potty chair is great , but we found that ikea's potty chairs works as good as this one and they are like 3 times cheaper .
made sleeping more comfortable . i would either wedge this pillow under my belly or behind my back while i was sleeping .
these are just ok . they don't really work . seems like a waste . they are foam material and just don't really serve a purpose .
its okay i wish their were straps inside to keep the clothes from moving around inside i just pack it tight to keep the clothes from shifting
this worked really well until it exploded . if you microwave it just a little too long , you will regret it !
they work great and no leaks . they are slightly small for older babies but would be good for snack size .
easy to clean and comfortable for baby . we purchased a second one for downstairs to make another changing table out of a cabinet top . great item .
this does what it says it will do . i wanted something simple and easy to put up . it blocks the sun . it isn't anything fancy .
we have been using this for six months and we like it very much . it works well , is portable , and doesn't take up too much room .
it's gross and it works . the benefits outweigh the grossness ! my kids can breath so it's all good !
works great . no problems at all . i've been using it with my pump in style that i bought in 2006 .
good quality . nice and soft for baby . we have enjoyed this sheet . l l l l l l l l
all of my children have been raised on baby einstein products due to the durability . the price was very affordable .
i use them daily , they so easy to use with the pouch - perfect size for babies mouth - would buy again
i love this prodct ! i accidently ordered this but my little boy just loves it n sleeps with it every night
very cute and easy to use , they look great in our monthly shot . the numbers are big enough to see in the photos .
this fit nicely in the ubbi diaper pail . the quality of it is great and i don't suspect i'll have to worry about it fraying apart over time .
perfect size , and just too cute ! baby is coming soon , but i'm sure he'll love it as much as i do !
great for pouring water on baby and can be a good toy for later . nice that there's more than one , now my twins have one each
we use these in the bassinet , playyard and even the car seat . it's nice to have a barrier for spit up or pee / poop .
works just as well as brand name . i use on my medela pump in style with no problem . no need to pay extra forr brand
i have owned maya wraps with my 3 youngest children . they are essential when baby is small for convenient carrying & discreet nursing ! i highly recommend them !
not the best . we prefer cups with silicone spouts . our boys have yet to actually drink from these ... they just throw them around .
this liner is perfect for cloth diapering . we use ours with the dekor plus hands free diaper pail and it works great !
product purchased for my granddaughter . she feels snug and secure . this swaddle allows her to sleep much longer than usual .
my 18mo old son showed signs of wanting to use utensils and these have been great . easy for him to hold and fun colors .
easy to install . simple , cute , easy to adjust . highly recommend . my son is learning whale and the color blue now . :)
seems much more expensive than the same products in prc . anyway , it's with good quality as well as the others .
would highly recommend this seat ! ! very comfy and a good inducement to potty training :) would recommend most definitely ... very good !
adorable patterns , soft inner , absorbent , i use bamboo and hemp inserts with them and they work wonderfully , even for my heavy wetter . great starter pack
good sturdy qualitycute toysbaby has lots of visual stimulationonly prob is - it doesnt fit into our joovy playard
it is cute . the tail acts as a handy hook for storage . the quality is high , just like all fisher-price stuff .
great fan while it worked but it broke after only using it a few times . i hope the seller sends us another one .
i keep this in the van for emergencies . it has saved us a few times . must have when potty training or when stuck in traffic jams .
i'm not sure these do anything at all . we dropped them in the diaper pail and have not noticed any difference whatsoever .
it works just fine . you cannot get all the bubbles out and it doesn't really fit my window size , but it does the trick .
these are very soft on the inside and absorbent , and slightly pretty thanks to the lace . i'd definately recommend them to any new mother !
camera quality is high , clear enough to watch your baby's move . easy to use and set up . i'm glad i've bought it .
bought this after my 18 month old saw it at a friend's house . he enjoys seeing the starts on the ceiling and seems comforted by this .
the wash cloths are baby wash cloths nothing fancy or special but that fish is the most exciting bath toy ever . especially when he is teething .
i do like this brand / type of cup , but i didn't receive the color i ordered . not that big a deal ... but ...
it doesn't fit right in the seat and my son was fine without it . so we returned it . in my opinion , not worth the money .
works great . keeps my son from going up the stairs.takes a while to install but gets job donevery good .
fits my tiguan front seats brilliantly . easy on & off but lovely and secure . great product also really pleased with quality .
cute but does not keep the wipes from drying out . i don't think i will be using this and probably waited too long to return .
i bought one of these and used it so much that i bought a second one for when i have to wash the first .
great purchase ... love the look and feel of this changing pad , and i'm sure our daughter will love it as well :)
i did a lot of research before purchasing these and i am so glad i did ! they were comfortable and they were the perfect size for me !
had these since 2010 . used by 2 kids . great spoons . wet food stick in spoon . easy for child to hold and feed themselves .
durable . reasonably priced . flexible . and you can fold them up and put them away when you don't need them . perfect !
this has worked well for us . i sometimes put some weight on it ( by leaning back ) just to test it out and it feels very secure .
i ordered one a few months ago and they work so well for my 11 month old that i just ordered 2 more . :-)
great buy 2 at same time so one in wash and one on hand to use . gets dirty pulling out flanges . easy to adjust .
good quality item , indicating brings photo . i highly recommend it , for the price it is a very good bargain =) .
awesome pump ! i've used medela and another cheaper brand but ameda is just as good as medela
this doll is so soft , and sweet . she fits snuggly inside her pea pod , and is cute for any little girl .
this toy organizer is not as pictured . it is super small and can barely hold any toys . you're better off just using a box and decorating it .
saves headaches looking for pacifiers that seem to always get lostplus it is cute and doesn't tear clothing when it gets pulled off
these cups work great and my daughter likes them . i hate cleaning the extra valve , but it does its job and keeps the cup from leaking .
perfect for toddler hands and play . my little one wont put it down ! great for either boy or girls as its gender neutral .
i'm using this as a small laundry basket and it's very cute and exactly as advertised . totally folds up too which is nice .
we have the full size oxo rack and brush so this was a great travel companion . it worked pretty well .
great to swaddle baby in . these worked well for us and for baby . great patterns as well and organic a plus
love these sippys . they're easy to clean , easy to sip from , and they don't leak . couldn't have asked for more .
good for traveling but not very strong when you carry it . you have to be careful when you carry your baby in it cause it could tip over .
this tub works real good for our baby girl . after 2 months , the new was off though . works well ! excellent
great little washcloths , nice size and quantity for the purchase price . they are soft and non abrasive for newborn infants skin .
our grandson is 6 months old and loves playing with this.easy enough to wipe off and he loves the krinkle sound it makes .
it is what it is , a laundry scoop with two sides . it saves me from having to kitchen ones . the magnet part is great
this monitor works well and i have had zero issues with it for the 3 months i have been using it . well designed and constructed . highly recommend .
it won't stay shut which is a total pain . i actually bough some cheapo dog poop bags dispensers that work better .
good for the price . we use it as towel and also swaddle and it is holding up . will buy more .
this is great . i tried making one myself out of an empty shampoo bottle but leaky messes ensued . highly recommended for households with little people .
simple , pretty , fun , creative . can't think of a downside , even our 18 month old has fun sticking these decals to her closet door mirror .
my 6 - month old is 25th percentile in height and weight and he has already outgrown this . very cute outfit though .
the video lights catches her attention and easy for her tohold . she likes the different music and puts a smile on her face .
love this product ... a staple for a nursery for sure ! easy to use , replacing liners is a cinch . would definitely recommend !
slow flow is great to start babies out with so they don't get choked . baby is 8 months old and still using slow flow .
perfect place to store the bath toys so that my bath tub is not an obstacle course in the morning when i am trying to get ready for work .
daughter loves it and sleeps so much better at grandmas . soft feel and gives even an expensive pack n play a more mattress feel
loved it :( i just lst it . but it is so pretty and gives me and baby the privacy we need !
but does not prevent dents in the seats , put in my pruis and the leather seems to be affected after the install
these little balls are great for children with sensory issues . some of the balls have rattles and some make clicking noises when rotated .
loved that this looked like ' men'swear ties " design for my little grandson . if they made more colors / patterns , i would get them !
my grandson loves his dino pacifier . he is 2 months old and is calmed by the pacifier and likes to hold the soft dinosaur .
love the bib ! ! ! i washed it several times and still looks like new . i bought 2 of them
i use this for my newborn . very pleased . great quality . gentle comb and soft brush . i recommend this product to anyone .
this item is ok . i wish it was a little longer and the snap is really hard to buckle and unbuckle .
after losing way too many stroller toys , these secure straps saved us from losing even more . now we have these all over our stroller :)
the shape of this teether is perfect for my 4 1/2 month old's mouth . i would recommend these to anyone .
so simple and baby always passed out in here . perfect for colic baby !
i got this for my mini crib to have multiple sheets should we need them . it is very cute and goes with most of her blankets .
i love the velboa fabric . it is so soft and feels very high quality ! highly recommended for safe and cozy sleeping . :)
these are very easy to use . they don't come off once they are on , and have neat little hoops to help you pull it tightly in place .
the rail covers are nice and soft . they fit great and protect the wood from teething . it was a pretty good buy !
love this product , it is perfect for my little one . the pillows provide excellent support on each side for younger children .
have been using this for a month and i absolutely love it ! ! it does what it's supposed to and is super easy to use ! !
this product is excellent . it fits the mouth of the baby , without squeezing or hurting , is very light and the inner small and anatomically
they are really small , the toy is just as cheap , , but for the price , , 6 bucks for 12 cloths is worth it ...
love it . only complaint is the " basin " for the food is a bit shallow and narrow so hard to keep food on . but otherwise great !
these are great to use for the powder enfamil . the colors are vibrent . price was a good price . yes will be telling friends and family .
not a big hit . my kids never liked it and it went to waste . wouldn't recommend it . waste of money
owned a few of these with two kids and they are always a hit and used long beyond their recommended life .
the bottle brush is soft and cleans well . the nipple brush is very useful as well to clean the nipples .
great for winter ! the velcro is strong , and material is super soft . my baby loved these while she fit in them - until about 4-5 months .
these hangers are great - durability and style . you who rate a 1o 2 because of color provide adisservice to this excellent tykes clotheshanger .
very handy and better than other products and can satisfy your baby's needs and there is no hassle when you install it .
this is definitely ok for baby clothes . it isn't any bigger than a 5 gallon sparkletts water . it matches my son's nursery . works for me .
this picture frame is so cute ! it was a little bigger than i had pictured in my head , but i know my husband will love it :)
this was just ok . it didn't really fit our carrier right and we ended up returning it . it seemed like decent build quality .
fits very snug on my table and nicely padded . my daughter doesn't hurt herself on the coffee table now
these are absolutely the best thing for living in nyc where the public bathrooms are so gross perfect love how big they are
we love most all haba toys . this is one of my daughter's favorites . she loves to shake it to music .
i love these ... it can be used to shower the baby or let it float on the water which is really cute for babies . recommend these :)
it took 1451 sucks to level up from level 1 to level 3.it is more rewarding compared to diablo 3 .
i love the design of this diaper cover . it is so cute . it is a very cute tree design with velcro to go over your plain diaper .
this cloths are great ! exactly what i need them for ! fabric it's soft and i use them all the time ! very durable
got this for our 7 month old , it's great , he eats more now and finishes his milk easily with less effort .
not the greatest item but gets the job done . my toddler can no longer go in her closet and pull out all of her clothes .
this memory book contains the perfect content to track pertinent information and milestones of our newborn . wouldn't change anything ! great purchase !
great all kind of weathers either windy o rainy day . . . your baby is always safe . and you dont need extra cocerse .
these have saved my tanks and bra straps from being chewed apart ! this is a great idea and a must have for mommies ...
i have used these bottles with my kids .. no point in buying the small ones because i always ended up buying the big ones
thick , soft and cute , but seams ripped on the very first gentle wash / gentle dry cycle before the first use , so not very durable .
i bought 2 of these , keep one on the stroller & one in my diaper bag . i use it everywhere ... it's awesome !
the spout on these cups is not actually soft - - for a beginning sippy-cup-user , these are actually quite difficult to drink from .
my daughter loves these binkies . they are great ! watch out if you have a dog . they seem to like them also ...
i like this pump for the price . it is my first baby and i needed something cheap . it does the job but it runs the batteries down quick
the sterilizer works great with little effort and does a pretty good job . the only thing that would have enhanced this product would have been some side handles .
the brand and the quality is very good , the child is love , not all the food , very perfect designgood
i used to have a baby cliper and i always was afraid to hurt my baby , these do the job and are safer
they are soft and absorbent ! it took me a long time to prep these prefolds by boiling them in the pot .
these teethers are great for my granddaughter to chew on ... very easy for a 5 month old to grasp and hold ...
this works very well and doesn't slip and slide around . the only improvement would be a curved front edge for my round table .
it's alright , haven't really used it yet very much ... i imagine it will come in much handier as my grandchildren get a little older .
this drying rack is very cheaply made and didn't last a week . spend a few more dollars for something better .
these are so cute and colorful . they are very soft but shrunk a little in the wash . a good product
my 6 month old loves this ! its a little difficult to get him hooked up but its totally worth it !
the flexibility of the nipples seem to allow the baby to mimic a real nipple . they also have the wide base which is similar too .
i got this for a friend . i really like carter's sheets for my one nursery . looks nice . feels soft . sold .
this chair is great for a portable - folds easily down to take with you has a carry strap . seems sturdy on the chair or table .
batteries last forever in this swing , it folds up , swings strongly , and is comfy for the baby !
these spoons are great for feeding time with my 5 month old . they hold enough on the spoon for him to get a good bite !
doesn't pump out as much as i had expected ... used once and then gave it away ... too much work cleaning it ...
okay for some , my son hates it . i think it's a great idea , but he wailed until i took it off .
bin does not open all the way.very small , need to empty dailyi do like the air freshener cubby on top of the lid
this is a great sheet for day care and original too for separation from what the other kids have . love it
i bought this for my mini crib . it fits perfectly and it so much better then the flimsy pad that my mini crib came with
didn't realize this when i purshased that it wouldn't work for our 2010 bob . make sure yours is a newer model .
usually receiving blankets are somewhat stiff , and these are pleasantly soft ! i would recommended these to anyone looking for a soft blanket for their newborn .
perfect , couldnt ask for anything better ! it is especially " grippy " too and we really were looking for that on our slick leather seats .
this simple design is great . it holds the door locked , but it's very easy to slide over and open the door when needed .
its not as easy as i would like , and its hard to come up with the right temp , its too hot or cold and hard to navigate .
i didnt want to use disposables as i think its throwing away money ... these wash great and stay white ! and the washing machine bag is a great bonus
was worried that is not a medela brand but works just fine with the medela pump and nice to not have different parts to put together
what parent doesn't love a toy that engages your child and takes up so little space . i've slowly lost pieces and will happily buy another set .
these are so easy . my husband prefers these even over the homemade ones my mother-in-law made . they absorb well and the snappis just hook right on .
adorable ! makes a soft crunchy sound when baby grabs it . bright colors and soft blocks . our baby loves these blocks .
this product is great . keep the back of seat clean . i might order another pair for my 2nd car . easy to clean if get dirty .
i originally purchased this for my dauighter but decided to give it to my 10 mth old niece instead . very cute !
these actually decreased my production of milk . i had problems producing so this wasn't good at all . waste of money .
adorable , high quality and perfect for 1-2 year olds meals . works great if have several small containers . doesn't work well for big containers .
i ordered this for christmas for my nephew's son . it is a cute learning toy for a small child . colorful and a nice buy .
good buy , baby loved these both to eat from and to chew on when teething . was skeptical of the length of handle initially but they work well .
these are great washclothes . nice and soft and are bigger than standard washclothes . we use these more than any other washcloth .
i bought this when my baby was 3 months wish i would have bought sooner . helped her sleep so much better . a life saver and a must have
the material is very good . it is very soft and it must comfortable for baby . but it looks a little larger for one month baby .
this is my daughters new favorite . the toy is put together beautifully with bright colors and different textures on each wing .
i'm using it when i don't have access to the electric breast pump . it works great . i would recommend it .
this pillow case is pretty thin but was fine for the travel pillow we bought it for . soft fabric just probably won't last long .
my daughter loved this ! besides the banana toothbrush , it was her favorite teether toy to chew on . easy to grip and great shape !
this mirror moves , and it is very annoying to constantly have to adjust it . i do like the size of it but that is about it .
my son is 4 months and loves his fp kick and play piano gym . it is really a great toy and i would highly recommend .
this sheet feels really soft after a lot of washing and drying . i also fits my standard size crib mattress perfectly .
needed more room so bought 2 . works great . we have twins and this saves us a ton of cleaning time and we use it all the time .
doesn't stay stuck on the tub but cute and hasn't broken yet ( after 2 years ) would recommend for little kids
the mirror looks like one of those fun house mirrors that distorts your face . i would have better luck strapping a bathroom hand held mirror to my backseat .
perfectly fits our pack and play , our baby sleeps much better now with this mattress as opposed to the original pack and play thin one .
great for my toddler . it's sleek , pretty and does not leak . i love the top to this and so does my daughter .
love the patterns . perfect blankets for my july baby . stars was the theme for my nursery so these fit right in .
keeps moisture in and smell out of the nursery . great product for cloth diapering and fits great in the small trash can .
i got this for my wife , she loves it so much and she is sleeping much better during her pregnancy.great product
best quality and a lot of utilities . i love it . well absorbent and there's nothing like this here in brazil .
love this wooden letter for our daughters room . its solid wood , well painted , and the ribbons put it all together !
i would not recommend this item to anyone . the volume is so low you can barely hear it - - and no way to turn it up .
a bit pricier than other massage oils but it goes a long way . we used this for almost 6 mos . it has a very nice scent ,
i use this on the floor or in the crib . it is so fun to watch a baby learn their reflection . i recommend this baby mirror
this has been great , but the latch broke fairly soon after we bought it , so i'm fairly disappointed in it .
this is the only paci my lil baby girl will accept . i like that it's so big i don't have to worry about her accidentally choking on it .
these are nice and soft and they only black ones i could find to match our infant carseat . love them ! !
i am so glad i got this , i don't have a changing table . i love this item it is so useful and sturdy !
this is perfect for keeping a toddler from getting near our gas stove . it is easy to use and does the job .
so far so good ! ! baby is still light weight so will see how that mattress hold and probably do an updated review . no complaints .
my daughter loves this . i don't know why but she prefers to roll the top rattle part with her feet and steps on the keys with her feet .
this was the only toy that got my daughter to stop crying when she was a baby . she took it everywhere .
this is exactly what my lo needed . i can even attach these to my wrist at the doctors office to keep from falling on the floor .
the only problem with this product is the straps are difficult to adjust . other than that it's fine and it meets standards .
inexpensive and works ! wouldn't recommend putting on the hinge side of the door as it made our hinges come loose .
i kind of wish it had sleeves so baby wouldn't have to wear anything underneath , but it works well and keeps him warm . :)
these are nice but you can get much cheaper and larger bags from toys r us .
my 7 month old likes this . she will play with it for 20 minutes at a time before getting sick of it .
the perfect baby food maker ! this is so much fun to use ! i made so many batches of baby food !
this cup is great for training . the insert keeps the liquid from rushing out and helps to train little ones to tip and drink slow .
east to hold , it's thick and sturdy but i wish there was something that prevents the juice package from coming out ...
this sheet is very soft and the color was exactly what i wanted . great deal for the price for sure !
once you get used to this , you can operate it with one hand in the dark . that's a definite bonus with a commode seat lock !
i got this for my new grandson and love the look of it when he is laying there when we change him .
forget about the nail clippers , they don't work . these scissors are the perfect size for baby's nails and are easy to use .
these fit my diaper genie perfectly and i have not noticed any compromise in effectiveness or amount of diapers it can hold .
this did what it was supposed to do , but it is a bit difficult to use , although i don't think it is the fault of the product .
these worked out perfectly for our first feeding spoons . they are soft and flexible and fairly shallow , which is a necessity for new eaters .
my baby will get sweated if she stays in car seat a little longer , chicco one is better so rarely use this car seat
it is pretty much what you expect and does what it needs to do . nothing to complain about . color are modern .
very well made . these are blocks that can stand up to the rigors of a child's favorite thing . just right for little hands .
this is a good , clean starter mattress for any kid . i do not have anything negative to say about it .
our daughter is not old enough to play with some of the attachments , but it definitely helps her sit up !
it's simple and basic and my daughter loves monkeys . keeps her entertained and happy and seems to be helping with her teething
you get 6 which is a bonus since it only shows 2.when i boiled them 2 of them warped but still made it work .
the crinkly pages seem to fascinate younger children . the rubber corner and spine make great teether for biting on . the bright colors also seem to attract attention .
washes well and adds some padding to the mattress , easy to take off and put on . i also bought one for my granddaughter .
we didn't like it . we have double ovens anbd they would have had to be on the side which is very unaccessible so didn't work
i thought the price was too good to be true for a safe teething toy for my baby . of course , it's made in china !
this item arrive promptly and in perfect condition . all 3 bowls work great in a standard kids ' lunchbag . i absolutely recommend it for prek kids .
very natural and baby loves it . easy to clean . it did leak once , but i think i didn't have the ring on right .
i got these after reading tons of reviews . they are easy to use . i just cut off the white part of her nails .
cotton , convenient , and seems pretty cozy . my son wears one every night . he looks comfortable in it and i don't have to worry .
this is a must have item if you want your baby bottles clean . now i can't live without it . great product .
there's nothing i don't like about this stroller . fits two infant seats , lots of storage space , big wheels , and easy to maneuver .
love this ! my baby loves it . it's so soft and warm . wish it wasn't so expensive or i would buy more .
couldn't find a table that it would attach to . i ended up returning it and got the cheap $ 20 booster chair from target that works great !
i really love this sleep sack . baby looks / seems comfortable and warm ( and can't kick it off ! ! ) :) the downwards zipper is great !
my 8 month old likes it alright . it is very cute and colorful . i wish it has more different textures .
i was hoping these would have better padding and would protect my son as he was learning to sit up , but they don't have enough padding .
just put clear packing tape around the knob and it will work just fine . my 3 year old can't break through it .
this is a very basic pack and play . it's pretty sturdy . so far we have been using it in the day for nap time .
very soft fabrics , easy yo wash and does not require ironing . i wish it existed in different colors and patterns .
it is always a good product as chicco , i have infant travel system car seats , they are so good and safe for baby before 6months old .
great item , keeps a tall active sleeper warm and asleep at nightwarmer than the fleece sleep sacks we had , and soft and breatheable
i truly cant imagin having a baby and not having this little guy . both my babies were soothed by the heartbeat sounds ..
this product works really well--if only my son would take a pacifier ! still looking for the right pacifier , but this works really well and is super cute .
bought this for our 5 month old boy , it's a very well made cover and the cushions are big and very secure and comfortable .
washes easily , holds the moisture in and fits easily on a regular kitchen trash can . much prefer it to other liners i have tried ,
it's very cute and does its job . it does not hold a whole lot though . but for the price i think it's a good deal
the only bottle we've yet used for our 3 month old . easy to hold and clean . no complaints from us
from the second i put them on he was chewing on them ! perfect ... better than i hoped for . already ordered another one and bangles too .
sturdy and simple design . no sharp edges , very cute . very american in design . love it . made in usa . a rare find these days .
soft , practical , functional . baby loves bath-time but these towels simply add to the fun . i love them ! they work perfectly .
i bought these to transition baby to the higher flow nipple at about 3 months . worked as expected , fit the similac bottle just fine .
we bought different teether too , but this one is awesome , very soft and secure , carrying cap is also very good .
great idea when you want to make the playard bigger for your growing family . very easy to connect to the original yard , blends in with no defect .
these sunglasses are lightweight sturdy functional and lots of fun . we live in hawaii and keep the babiators on hand at all times .
the music never gets old . especially when my son plays for me . i like the amount of options for the price .
i love that this has a handle on it . you can attach it it a stroller or your diaper bag .
this is a cute and fun item for a very young child to play with .. can't go wrong with the price .
they don't have self tapping screws so it is very hard to install . it's much easier just to teach my child to stay out of those cabinets .
i admit that i was nervous boiling these but they survived the initial boiling well and intact . love medela products .
i have had a hard time finding decent sippy cups . this was one of the worst . munkin makes a better cup .
great way to keep your kid from throw their toys out of the stroller / carseat / cart / high chair ... they save my sanity !
this is great , my son loves it ! he just jumps his little heart out so while he jumps i get to get things done that is needed .
this is the second chicco infant seat that i have purchased and it was just as great as the first .
it is really the good bowls and the color is very beatiful . the baby can choose the color when she is using .
super easy to use and it does make a cute keepsake . the colors are cute and the price is fair . i've seen this more expensive at stores .
my 7 month old doesn't like the spouts , she just chews on them ... maybe this will change as she gets older .
nice price ... it serves it propose . purchased with the regular genie ... keeps odors out . will oder it again great buy
this lightweight brush is easy to hold and works great at scrubbing bottles . the price was a bargain compared to the first sponge-tipped brush we bought . recommended .
the lids don't fit very well so there is still a little freezer burn . baby food will last about a week .
my 15 month old loves these cards . he is really into abc's and numbers so it's perfect . the cards do bend , but totally worth the price .
well they are duckies . my son loves ducks and they make great bath toys for him . not a bad price either . shipped in an efficient time .
wanted to love it , but the smell was horrendous , and then i think our cat walked on it . dead within a month .
these fit my pump the way they are supposed to and everything came packaged and i am confident it is all sterile and ready to use .
haven't put it together yet but all the pieces came in perfect condition no issues . nice wood and sturdy , love the color !
perfectly fit to davinci crescent mini crib 50 - coil mattress and even bigger mattress may be covered by this sheet . will recommend to have at least 5 )
soft , high quality . we have several that we rotate and she lovest them . plan on getting another type for our new baby .
these are great ! they are very soft , easy to wash and my daughter no longer gets red marks on her shoulders from the carseat strap .
clips on easily and works well . able to adjust location by movable neck . blades are easy to rip off by little hands .
since i had the medela pump , i decided to stick with the same brand for hands free pumping . it beats having to hold them .
got these for my 2 year old . he adores these cups and so do i as they don't leak or spill !
this was great still useing it . i will have this for ever it is very good and works really well .
the flange doesn't make a full vacuum for me , so milk often spatters from the flange . i do like the single piece for ease if cleaning .
works really well . nice to be able to not have to dip back in the bowl and to control the mess easily .
easy to see in the dark with the night vision . sound quality is fine . video quality is great . never had any signal interference issues .
although it is a little thin and it could be a bit softer it fits well and i like the color and it is comfortable .
these have held up well through many washes . i wish i had some for my bed ! i really like the sage color ( bought 2 ) .
easy to use and remove . we placed on the top of the doors as put less stress on hinges .
perfect for your everyday needs ! i only have one but i must say that i wouldn't mind having more around the house !
a + service and product ! these mittens look like they might be a tiny bit big for a newborn , but something tells me he'll go into them fast
my kid did not take to these . the cover doesn't fit well either making it difficult to keep clean .
many fun filled hours with this toy ! it is surprisingly well designed and manufactured . just make sure you don't lose the balls !
we have two of these and my toddler totes them all over the house to climb up on things . very sturdy , we are happy with the stools
cute , adorable , excited to give as a baby shower gift to my sister ! ! she can use blankets for many of things ! great price !
our twins love the sheet it is very soft . they had no problems with the sheet and seem so comfortable in it .
cute , durable material , and spill proof lids . i use it for packing sauces for hubby's lunches more than baby foods :)
my daughter loves this and it keeps her happy for a long time . it is also very easy to wash to keep clean as well .
this nipple works very well for babies that need a slower flow of formula because of swallowing problems . great nipple
save some money and get the forks made from metal . plastic forks just don't work very well wehn they are learning to eat with utencils .
purchased this with the squeeze station and pouches . this item is not needed and actually made things more difficult . the pouches are great but skip the funnel
much better than the disposable ones , these easily wash and are brand new again , over and over . perfect for nursing moms .
great sheet for the price ! they wash and dry really well and are pretty soft too . we definitely recommend them !
this is the second pair i ordered since the first ones slipped off the stroller and i lost one . i love the concept but wish they gripped better
sturdy , comfy and cute . easy to use . baby loves to lounge in the bath in this . it is just the right size !
so cute ! i have the bedding set too . this is a must for anyone with the bedding set . it is well made and top quality .
the plastic on the clip cracked within a month :( . loved how t worked and was very secure . daughter wasn't able to get her cup loose . :)
my daughter carries these around all day ! no mess and easy for the little ones to snack at their convenience !
works well to protect but easy for lo to pull off because the double sided tape is not strong enough - i have to keep re-attaching !
my daughter is determined to see how many volts she can handle , but lucky for me i covered the outlets with theses nifty doo dads
nice and soft and ties on very easily . its gentle on my teething sons gums and protects the crib from teeth marks
bought this for our new born daughter she loves it . it catches her attention very easily it is very color full and just great to get her attention .
this bag is a nice size for weekend travel if you want to cloth diaper . i really like it and it's easy to wash .
the family ducks is very interested to my daughter ! she loves the time for bath now ! but , ducks are too easy to upset ...
the design is cute but this is extremely bulky . the material feels almost like a thin felt . strong diaper with bulky , odd fit .
bit hard for a 6 month baby , i think better when older , though not know jet , but its bit hard for their gums
basic design with nice case . my baby loves it when i brush his teeth using this product . so , i love it too :)
i have no problems with this battery pack ; works wonderfully ! make sure it is compatible to the pump you are using !
these spoons are just what you'd expect , although the sweet potato seems to discolor the blue and purple spoons ? baby likes to chew them too ...
love the wubbanubs and this tabby kitten . looks just like the picture . only problem is by the time i ordered it my granddaughter lost interest in pacifiers .
great switch plate .. matches deni happy tree bedding in my opinion . very satisfied with it and highly recommend it to you !
i really like this bottle stand . it's perfect for holding about 6-8 small ( 4-8 oz ) bottles . holds all the pieces and helps them dry quickly .
we're amazed at how much this can do , the features will keep the little ones enthralled . very , very nice .
i don't store any of these bottles in the freezer , but this system stays nice and organized in my fridge .
i really wanted to use this bumper for our daughters crib but it does not fit babyletto skip crib , great idea and great product other wise .
i absolutely love them . they are super soft , washable and great for sore nips . will buy more and highly recommend .
my granddaughter loves this toy the best out of all of her suction toys . we use it on her walker and i take it to restaurants .
they shrink upon washing ! do not buy ! definitely a total waste of money ! don't make thesame mistake , purchased aug 2012
works perfect for hotels / motels / house for our toddler . i think that this is a must for every trip ! great job , aqueduck !
this brand have only amazing products and once more i'm happy with my purchase . the main adventage is the lock system against leaks .
its so hard to find spare parts . this fit my pump so perfectly . i would recommend if you need some spares .
these are the only ones i can use for my toddler , as i insert cereals with her milk at night time . she sleeps the whole night .
with the bold colors and cool patterns and the ability to freeze them , these are my daughters favorite teething toy ... right next to sophie the giraffe
great product overall . no complaints . my 21 - month-old son understands how to use it . it's not topsy and i don't fear it being tipped over .
these cover the whole outlet and are hard to remove , as expected . can't beat the price for what you get !
should call it a monkey bar . my daughter loves to curl her toes around it . i love also that it's adjustable .
these mittens are a nice color and covered my newborns hand perfectly . i have had others that shruck drastically after washing , but these had minimal shrinkage .
only the top layer is organic cotton . according to the tag , the middle batting & back are 100 % polyester . made in china .
excellent purchase . it is attractive and keeps curious grandbabies safely away from our woodstove . it is also attractive and doesn't become hot .
the pod is very supportive . hard to put in the white part though . baby like it so i like it
love it very much ! ! such nice quality , very soft and i love the white color . looks very elegant thank you
i'm sure these are probably perfectly fine pacifiers , but my baby really doesn't like them . she prefers the spendy gumdrop pacifiers from hawaii medical , figures .
great for summer and it doesnt hurt baby when they touchdon't have to keep the screw it can stay stay close so easy to change the batteries
cute design ( monsters ) , stick well , pretty easy to get on and off the table , much cleaner than that rag used to clean every table !
super helpful when rinsing a baby / toddler ! works great & is very sturdy , yet not too rigid that its uncomfortable when rinsing off their head :)
good cups . got for my 10th month old but he still seems to be a little young for them . love the fun colors and textured sides .
these turn brown no matter what but i love my warmer . i find that 7th generation wipes are awesome with it - they always pop up
my son says that this seat is comfortable and i feel safe having him in it . and the cup holders are a bonus !
my baby is 5 months old and has never been interested in this toy . he seems to prefer bright colors .
these dont leak . they are just for babies over one year . overall a good product to purchase . i recommend it .
my daughter loves these pacifiers . the size is perfect for her 4 month old mouth . the design ensures her nose is not blocked by the plastic shield .
really nice , keeps my baby's pacifiers handy and clean , it is also really modern and it's easy to clean as well .
great for traveling or keeping in your bag for dinners out . the crumb catcher is awesome .
we picked this up for my one year old son and he enjoys learning to self feed using this bowl .
this item is cute and goes well with my nursery . it's our primary changing pad cover and we get a lot of use out of it .
much cheaper alternative to the medela breastpump wipes - perfect size . also place throughout the house for quick pacifier clean . will order again
these are great for when i am at home and don't want the waste all over the diaper . wouldn't use on the go .
they're pretty durable after many washes . i would recommend them on the top of the changing pad cover . however , they're a bit pricey .
i love those . i think they really help . my little boy looks great in it . we bought two of those
cheaper than the diaper genie brand and i get more ... two months since ordering and i can honestly say i haven't noticed a single difference in quality .
a + service and product ! i love the colors on this sheet . it is going to look great in my baby's new nursery !
these are some really good bottles . i have always liked the playtex drop ins system and these did not dissapoint .
good price and i was too lazy to go to the store . i have had no problem with the dr . brown's bottles .
fyi . now they make it shorter . wish they hadn't made this change . overall , i still like the function of it .
oxo baby items are safe and functional . i highly recommend most oxo products and these are no exception . two more words required .
i did not personally see the benefits of increased milk supply as some had suggested , however , they are more comfortable than the harder plastic flanges .
he is 5 months and he likes to turn his head around so he can see more monkeys . it's cute .
my daughter loves it . she likes to take it everywhere , she loves kissing the baby , and she likes showing her babydoll the baby in the mirror .
the color , material and fit are perfect . recomend to any one . purchase with no doubt.the fabric is really soft and nice for changin the baby .
i love this ! it reached everywhere of a bottle . and it help to keep the teats clean too ! thumb up !
i bought this for the book only . the containers are rather cheap but again i wanted the book . good deal ...
we don't know what we would have done without this to move around the airport . it is a must have product .
these utensils are perfect for little hands . my toddler grips the large handle and accurately scoops the food into her mouth .
i was excited for this , and it will definitely get the job done , but i like my plain old babies r us brand one better .
this insert works for our 8 pound baby . installation instructions could be clearer but i did figure it out in the end .
this fleece halo sleepsacks are perfect for our air-conditioned house at night , great for the little babies , we own several !
love this toy ! it rolls away and make baby crawl to get it ! very child friendly , i would gift this to a crawler !
these work nicely for the gum drop pacifiers which are all my daughter uses . they clip easily and work well .
this fit my city mini perfectly . i love the deep cup holders and the magnetic storage component . i would highly recommend !
the package arrived as described and the nipples work for a newborn through 3 months , or i guess until your baby becomes impatient .
these are perfect for on the go ... i love them i don't have to carry a bunch of bottles around just these and throw them away yea ...
i carry this wi me everywhere we go . no mess and very quick to make bottles with , especially when we are on the go all the time .
was a little worried about purchasing after market parts for my medela pump . but these are great . i did not notice a difference at all .
it's an ok changer . not hard to assemble . but it's not very sturdy , and it's easy to make a scratch on the surface .
this is a neat item ! i was so excited when i saw it . but my son did not like the texture of the mesh part .
when my son can reach the door knobs , i will install these and rewrite this review . no sense in creating extra work for me now
this is the best of the sassy suction toys . it has multiple spinning sections and rings at the bottom . very entertaining .
the only nipple my son would drink from . and fits well on the medela bottles which i use for pumping so saves me from some bottle washing .
this was wider than i expected , perfect size for all those bath toys plus it sticks well too . should be more like $ 3 though !
my teething toddler loves it , the gum massager and the brush , she wants to brush her 3 little teeth just like mommy
this car seat is definitely on the bigger side but i feel like it's really good quality and reasonably easy to get my baby in and out .
love these cups but they're cheaper almost everywhere else i've seen them . shop around for these cute , easy to use cups .
these are wonderful little nail clippers ! just what i was looking for ; couldn't be more pleased with my purchase . highly recommend !
super soft and adorable . when you put baby's head on the monkey's head it looks like baby has monkey ears . its so cute !
the suction cup doesn't stick at all . the other suction toys work just fine . seems to be cheap plastic / not stretchy enough
the brush works really well and i love that it comes with a stand . the nipple cleaner works fine too .
this item is not made for an early teether of 3 month . too big . maybe it is just my kid .
great quality product . it attaches well to the pacifier and makes sure you do not lose it ! cute design , too .
i love the idea of bringing on a pacifier in some safe and clean place , it doesn't take much space , it's looks cute .
this fits all the brands of breastmilk storage bags that i have bought or been given so far . very convenient .
i love this thing . it fit our large power strip easily . also very easy to use . i would highly recommend .
perfect ! just what i was looking for ... something that could hold liquid or solids . great size . can use individually or stack together to save space .
i like that these wash cloths are soft and small - they are really perfect for my son's bath time !
we ordered these when kiddo outgrew level 1 . they arrived quickly and worked flawlessly . next time we'll plan ahead and order early .
very good , recommend to all moms , very beautiful , soft , easy clean , good quality , too . my daughter like it very much .
very cute , easy to assemble . baby falls asleep in here just fine . was worth the money spent . works for us .
i love this set . it is very simpler and bristles are just so soft for my baby's head . love it !
love this product . it is sturdy , easy to clean , and easy to stack in the freezer . i have bought multiple
i love this swing , its perfect for newborns . this is the only swing my baby likes and will sleep in . it is worth every penny .
i got them because i wanted vitamin d with no artificial ingredients . they are very easy to use and inexpensive per dose .
cute , good looking . but , you may find a same one at lower price from walmart , when it's available . good luck !
our 7 month old grandchild loved the texture and sizes of the 3 animals . had great variety in noise too !
worked great on our serelle convertable crib / changer in one . my one-year-old will nap in there now . exactly what we wanted .
this is the only chair that seemed to fit a baby through many stages and sizes . great purchase / value . would recommend to friends .
i have other summer infant swaddleme's and they are great . these particular ones are too stretchy though and baby breaks out of the swaddle and wakes himself up :(
the sheet fits perfectly : snug and does not bunch up as our baby moves around . the quality is great , color is as described and very affordable !
no issues with this product . my toddler uses it every day . been using this for months now and they're still in good condition .
i love it the lunch bag , so cute ! my daughter choose the fox because she really likes foxes ! so do we
convenient , easy to use and wash . pack with little one's favorite foods and take along so you'll always have something with you . lids hold tight .
well what can i say ? it's a great necessity . i love this so much that i got another one to switch in between washes .
i bought this for my car - so far i haven't had any problems with suction , etc . my daughter seems to like it .
buy two packs while you are at it . drooling , spit up , food . these work great and are cute . i could use more .
work great , smooth on both sides for easier cleaning . thinking of buying a second set so my kid can spell more words !
this left room around my circular ikea table in the playroom for extra spill-catching space . easy to clean , lightweight , just like i expected .
this gate is very easy to configure and install . perfect for surrounding a wood stove ! i would definitely recommend this gate .
i have half a dozen of these , and they are great . i put them under the baby when i change her to avoid messes .
these bags work well and are inexpensive . they do what they say they do and easily . the bags are thick which i like .
decided on formula feeding and i want a mix to pre make bottles for feedings as we'll avoiding gas and bubbles .
this is a great and simple invention . has helped my very short toddler reach the water flow for hand washing .
this is a great bargain and it fits the babybjorn travel crib mattress perfectly . washes up really well and is super soft .
awesome briefcase can hold all of baby's paperwork . durable folders , comes with labels for things not already labeled and it's built to last .
i was super excited about this product but was disappointed . where the adhesive is doesnt line up with most toilets so it didnt stay in place very well
so far so good ! it's be nice if the hook were adjustable but overall it's a great product and works as expected .
i use this to keep pumped milk good until i get home from work . also fits some of my pump parts for in between pumpings .
so far so good ! he loves it . splash splash . the inside bottom is a bit slippery so we put a non slip pad in .
have purchased this in pink and my granddaughter loved it . blue is the same . also purchase the elephant one ! extremely soft and machine washable and dryable .
my son loves this toy . it is cute and decent sized . there are quite a few different textures , colors and sounds to keep a child occupied .
i wasn't sure about this because it isn't super colorful but our baby loves it and i read that babies love stripes .
well , is there much to say about a baby towel except that it dries the baby ? really ? ... not sure about anything else i could say ...
i like this toy my son really liked it . i just wish it was bpa free . i've stopped using it .
these blankets are awesome . they are super soft , lightweight , breathable and a good size . they are easy to swaddle with too .
we use this on our carseat and our arms reach bassinet . it's very versatile and the baby finds it very entertaining .
love this . i dont ' have to keep washing the crib sheet . this makes it easier to keep my baby's bed clean .
easy to apply and remove . do what they should do . baby hasn't been able to pull them off yet ! good value .
this was my favorite find for my granddaughter . i'd recommend this for kids 5 months old and up . fun textures , sounds and predictable rhyming pattern .
i was very impressed with the product . the color was true to the description and the fabric was very soft as described .
i did not want to buy a rug , so this was another great option and easy to clean . we love it and baby is good and safe .
this is the best toy my kid jumps around and watches the bird and frog with delight . love love love it
small than what i expected but it is cute , i think children will love t but my boy seems too young to enjoy it
it looks exactly as shown on the picture and its good size , fits enough items and looks pretty on my dresser . a great organizer !
this is a great quality minky feel blanket . the colors are right on and my son loves it ! this would make a great shower gift for someone
great parasol - easy to attach to stroller - only hurdle is keeping it out of reach of my 11month - old's paws .
my grandson love the balls , his sister too . it is a good product and it has even survived the dog .
fits perfectly . we aired it out outdoors for two weeks before actually using it due to the intense smell of plastic .
britax marathon 70 - g3 convertible car seat may be the best one in the worldit is excellent as alwaysi love it
hard to clean but great for starting little ones out on fresh fruits that they cannot chew yet . our little guy enjoyed strawberries in these
i bought tho because my kids were playing in the closet and it was a hazard . this saved my kids from pinched fingers ! very simple design .
it came with what i needed , with the exception of drawer guards . still , for the money , i got substantial items for toddler-proofing my home .
the system on the back to , hold it , up is a little , cheap . but my son likes it and it keeps the iphone safe .
the best little tub for babies to keep them safe and happy . my kids loved it and i still use it today ( 2 years later )
i really love those caps , it came out so much handy and easy to clean . highly recommend.two thumbs up for all avent products ! ! !
i enjoy this product and it works great with my little one that cant take the pieces apart like she can the other puzzle type mats .
i bought this as a gift to my little daughter . everybody loved it . it's very good stuff , not to mention that its super beautiful !
we really liked this chair for our first child , but the new baby just finds this chair so , so . he prefers to be on the move .
i purchased this changing table pad on amazon.com and i absolutely love it ! it seems to be very sturdy and is the perfect size.summer infant contoured changing pad
fits ubbi pail pretty well but not good for cloth diapers ... not waterproof ! not sure it it was supposed to be .
my baby love it and he likes to play with this little thing before he goes to sleep . it's good .
only tether my son used and he suffered from 4-10 months ... now he has 6 teeth !
i really like these tooth brushes . my 7 month old grabs right ahold and gnaws on them . they are soft and the handles are a good grip .
these are a great wayt to say money , your dryer and dryand fluff your clothes . would recommend to anyone who uses a dryer to dry their clothes .
i'm ftm and just used on my 5 days old baby-works perfectly . not bulky , sharp and great quality . highly recommended .
so much easier than giving the poly-vi-d fr enfamil . just one drop a day . no worries about baby spitting up all his vitamin d !
these blankets have been pretty good for swaddling my baby , however she's pretty small . i do wish they were a tad bit bigger .
product as described ! makes cloth diapering a cinch ! not sure why anyone would bother using pins with these on the market .
washed it once according to directions & it shrunk beyond belief ! didn't even use it once ! don't bother ! ! !
this is one of the best toys we have , the hardest thing is keeping away from the dog though he loves it too
if you have a baby , you need this ! infants are obligate nasal breathers , so it's important to keep their nose clear .
this is a nice fitted sheet - fits tightly on my mattress , and is exactly the decor i was going for .
well my grand son loves these in the bath to stick them on the wall . . . . .
they have nice material but they shrinked a lot in wash so im not able to put them on my 4 months old anymore .. wont buy them again
love love love this . my preemie is at risk for rsv and at the first sign of a runny nose we use this religiously .
the picture and description was not clear . these are just the lids ! now i have lids but no containers .
this was larger than i expected . my daughter likes the bright colors and looking at the doll's face . it's a great price for the item .
my grand daughter loves this ! ! ! loved that i was able to find something that looked girly too . will be using this for alot !
the feet are bean bags which helps keep the wubbanub in place . the giraffe body is longer which is more useful in propping a bottle if needed .
love this mattress . it is light easy to change the sheets . it fits perfectly in my jenny lind divinci crib .
these baby rubber duckies are the cutiest thing ever ! they made great decorations for our baby shower and the guest loved them !
bought this for our sinks for my daughter . it's perfect for her to reach the faucet . we just love it !
just needed to replace my old membranes and ordered these . they did the trick ... boosted the suction right back up to where it should be .
we bought this while traveling to my in-laws - it's not good for a full-time high chair but it did the trick while traveling
skip hop's bibs are the best ! very colorful , fun , well designed . easy to fold and clean ! very good material ! enjoy meal time :d
perfect cloth book , especially nice since my little girl's name is also emily . i love the lamaze brand and happy to have found this little gem !
so soft and a great size for my toddler . i use this instead of a blanket and shes warm all night and safe .
reasonably priced arrived on time i really think she has enough towels at least to start her off they arrived on time as well
it's a wonderful , warm , good quality product . it's very useful to keep my baby warm during the walks on cold days .
i thought these would be a little bigger . my daughter spits up and these did not cover enough to protect my lap or couch from her spit up .
we bought this based on several recommendations of friends . our daughter is still facing backwards but she is a little more upright in this and very cushioned .
i like the that mattress is already water protectant . we have not actually used the mattress yet but it fits nicely in our davinci kalani crib .
these are easy to use and don't have a cartoon character on them like some others i've seen . i have no problem seeing through them when i'm driving .
exactly what i wanted and described to what i was purchasing ! ! ! love it . i would recommend this product to everyone .
does the job very well . its cute , functional and easy to clean . most of all it is comfortable . highly recommended .
now my 6 year old daughter is on this and she likes it . steady but light weight , like the color too .
other doorstops have rubber tips that can be pulled off and therefore become a choking hazard . these are easy to install and are functional for intended use .
the toy is of good construction but our son never really got into it . mostly user preference i think .
i got this for my baby , she likes it a lot , it's colorful and makes crinkly noises and it's safe to chew on .
my daughter loves her sophie - she can not have enough of her ! great quality teether . she has a lot of teethers but this is the one !
these are all i use at home with my 6 - month old . just a little pricey if you ask me , but i really like them .
i totally love this thing . it folds up to a nice , easy to carry size . it even fits in a cargo pocket . totally awesome product .
these wipes are great for cloth diapering ! they fit in the storage containers for wet wipes , and they're pretty soft too !
cinderella cup great learner sippy for little girls . so very very pretty . so glad i bought it even though price is high .
love this . my kids bump their heads on it every bath . they love the fireman ducky , lifting his hat up .
it's a very simple design , easy to clean and hold , more of a teether than a brush though . good buy !
my friends all loved this and were shocked to learn in was teething bling . eventually it shows teeth marks but my kids didn't bite it much .
i take this when i travel to put on the changing pad for my baby and it lasts really well .
love this accessory for the boon grass lawn drying rack . looks nice and is great for drying nipples , pacis , etc .
it works perfectly . not too wide . i would get another if i needed to . would recommend to anyone with a stroller .
this holds 5-6 pocket diapers wonderfully . no leaks or odors . it dries easily in the dryer with my other diapers .
this is a really cool collection of toddler gear ! everything is really well made and high quality . very handy and versatile set if you've got small kids .
so far i love them ! using them with my 2 week old . very similar to the lansolin bags , got to order more
this is an excellent pack and play . we have used it extensively . the diaper changer and diaper storage on it is top notch .
looks great ! fits into a small car with the narrow and elevated base . recommend to somebody who has very small back seats
i've purchased so many bottle brushes of many different brands and this one is by far the best , it's definitely worth it !
i newborn loves this toy . he will just stare at it for 20 minutes or more . i think he is drawn to the black and white designs .
this is the first thing that has worked to stop my baby literally pulling pieces of wood off the crib with her teeth !
love this sheet . it is soft and comfy and is great for my baby girls ' pack n play mattress . i would highly recommend this to all .
my little guy loves the feel of this slipcover . organic cotton is ever so soft , comfy and airy .
very small - not as expected . spend more and get a larger mirror for peace of mind about your baby .
it is just as pictured . cute , simple , and functional wipe box :) my hubby bought it for me and i love it
my favorite toy . my granddaughter , 10 months , and i play with it everyday . it is the most creative toy she has .
these have leaked several times and they are way to thin . they would be good for when a baby is older and drinking less .
we have been using this changing pad for a while now . it works exactly as described and a standard cover fits it
these came exactly as they are advertised and work great . does what they are supposed to do which is very helpful .
the wife loves to be able to the baby while she's driving alone . sturdy construction and adequate attachment mechanism . no complaints !
this was always my # 1 choice for a car seat when shopping around and comparing models . its very well built and has lots of features
i really like this product the design and colors are very cute . it works well for my baby who is now 2 months old andstill loves it .
these did not work well as suction bowls , but at least they work as travel bowls with the attached spoon
great product for a great price - it fit in my sons crib and he sleeps well so i can't complain
brush actually works great , but i see chunks of sponge coming off almost daily after use . not very well made for durability .
cleans up nicely no crevices for food to get trapped and my 2 year old can get up and down on his own .
no matter how well i cleaned the closet door surface with alcohol it eventually fell off with little effort by the 12 month old .
while at the office or trying to pump in my car , this is the quickest and easiest ways to get the job done as fast as possible .
don't give this to your baby . it's full of toxic chemicals ( made of polyurethane foam ) . too bad . otherwise it's cute .
my baby loves this item and especially she loves to suck my figure when i brush her teeth . obviously she loves the taste .
i like it but wow took me about and hour to put together .. i love this bouncer really cute just hate putting it together .
nothing special ... cheap fabric over cardboard . the color is pretty hideous , but it does the job of holding my baby's toys .
it is very durable . very easy to set , safe , nice color and my daughter love it . it is perfect for the bathtub .
i'm totally happy with this product . the price is awesome . the straps are thick and cozy . can't wait to use them when my daughter arrives !
my daughter who is 18m tosses this thing around & it never leaks . the straw is long enough to reach the bottom too . 👌
it broke on the first couple of uses , and was not accurate on temp measurement.pretty much just a toy , shouldn't be called temp guard .
good quality price was excellent and the ducky is cute cannot complain at all it was a steal for what i paid will buy more if needed
i used this to cover the evenflo glass bottles . they fit with almost any type of bottles and breast milk storage .
i did not like it jejeje is a hole down and the bag will hold some milk , hmmm i wouldn't buy this again
these are really cute but i only use the fish sponge for washing my baby . the other two don't hold water but the set is super cute
i have tried dr.brown ' s pacifier and he hates it . now after my doctor's recommendation i got this and my baby loves it .
exactly what i was looking for . perfect for my 5 ' 7 " height too . colors are awesome . only complaint is the sunshade is too small .
we have used this in our son's playard for over a year . he sleeps fine on it and it fits his playard very well .
care giver loved them . they were also thin and didn't take up much space . we liked that they are made in the usa
i've seen different blankets but this one ace it . it's very soft and light . doesn't fade too even after several washes .
this nice soft silicone spoon is great for my baby who doesn't want anything near his face unless he can grab ahold of it .
this are my favorite spoons ! they are long and easy to handle , they are also soft for my baby's mouth .
love this monitor , no static . we have a large house and it has very good range , even works outside . would definitly recommend
love this little lunchbox ! it's so adorable . the pocket inside it really helpful for keeping a bib and spoon in .
i really feel good about giving my lil one a bottle when its one of these . i love the glass , sleeve & the quality . great buy .
this was very cute ! the price was great too . comes with a remote and plays piano music as it rotates around . i would buy again !
easy to transport and refold / repackage . looks good , nice pattern and good quality materials . very pleased with product . would recommend .
like the medella but they didn't seem to last long and lost suction pretty quick . i went through the whole set in just a couple months .
good extension , doesn't weaken the gate with this in . i use it for creating a secondary play space on my main level , and use it daily .
it's cute , but not really practical . the baby's hands can't really grasp the bulb , and for adults it's a nuisance .
this sheet is the perfect size for the graco pack & play . the sheet is true to color , very soft , and a great price performer !
i took the wooden ring off & washed the turtle as directed . now the velcro doesn't stay secured around the ring .
a little uncomfortable to reach inside , and not much space . best suited for very short trips . but beats the looks of any other bag .
it is soft , flexible , easy to attach and easy to clean . great teether for our beach camping trip . i would recommend it to others .
i got this as a gift for a friend and after watching it in use i will buy one for my baby .
it is very easy to carry and very practical too . i can keep a couple of diapers and other hygiene items inside the bag .
i love this blanket . it's so soft and plush , very well made , and doesn't overheat my 1 year old . such a lovely blanket !
perfect - i needed something for daycare , church , etc for just a few essentials . it's perfect when my son's not playing with it .
for where we live , you cannot get this good a price locally . with the expense that comes along with kids , saving anything is huge .
cute and do the job . a little big so they don't fit as snugly as i'd like , but that's probably different for every car seat strap .
does the job for a fraction of the cost of other stroller netting . comes with a practical plastic storage bag .
good item . no leaking through to clothes . no problems with snagging other clothes in the washer if the velcro is fastened securely .
i wanted my baby to love this , she didn't . she doesn't like any paci for that matter ! doesn't smell , great construction , great teething toy !
even though a little pricey this is a great cup . my daughter get every drop of her liquid . i have purchased 4 more of these cups
my infant uses with ease . the pieces are easy to clean and travel well . i use daily . so glad i found this set - highly recommend
the material is nice and soft and it fits very well on my changing pad . i also like the design , got what i expected
my daughter is just starting to grab on to toys but she likes to look at it when i rattle it for her .
looks cute , but started falling apart within 6 months . we have washed it a few times and the edge is fraying and coming off .
i find the box hard to open , but i do like the flexibility of the hanger .
good for cleaning baby toys and things that they put in their mouths that you don't want residue from cleaning agents .
the spring up top was very stiff and so it wasn't very bouncy for our 6 month old . it's easy to install .
i love these . they are perfect size , very soft ! and absorbs well . i highly recommend this product . it is also leakproof :)
we were impressed with the quality of these cribs . the classic cherry color looks very nice . these cribs are a good value .
great for clearing baby's nose of boogies , since they can't do it on their own and adult fingers are just too big to fit . :)
this worked for us . my baby had a flat spot on his head , from back sleeping . 6 weeks later , i can tell a big difference .
she loves to wear the watch and every time it goes off she runs to the potty . she then reminds me about her sticker and treat .
love that they offer it in pink now ! looks so cute in my daughters nursery ! works great for a night light !
this fit perfect for our extra large living space ... the unit was easy to assemble and at a steal of a price ...
this item was missing a toy but most importantly it doesn't go hugh enough , my some is tall , great for shorter babies nader 30 " in
these sheets are great , very soft , fit perfectly , and easy to wash & dry . they come out looking like new .
i got this and am happy . its just bigger then i thought it would be . it works great and holds a lot .
out of all the different pacifiers we tried , theses are babys ' favorites . don't waste your money on others .
the space between the orange plastic and clear got really grody really fast . otherwise it's a good buy . 10 month old used it fine .
great colors , take with you , heavy duty , so it doesnt blow away , but easily folds and stores . great for the unruly toddler .
i like the cover it just bunches up . but it does the job by not leaking just doesn't sit well on my baby .
i like that i can just buy these and not have to also buy the bottles . these were a good transition from the lowest flow .
sooo soft ! much softer and nicer than other boppy covers which feel rough . my newborn seems to like it too . very pleased with purchase !
good material this is surely for a six month old and up way to small for your 4 month olds getting into solids . very easy to clean
this is a very well made product , it is very absorbent , but the volume is a bit of a turn-off .
altho i love these bottles i only ordered this item to get the one purple bottles as i have not seem them in stores .
i was so pleased to get organic cotton at a good price , for a change . it washes well and maintains softness .
we have not been able to use this . it is imposible to drink from it . what a waste of money ...
i would totally recommend this seat ! my baby fell asleep the first time we tried it out . that says a lot for a picky baby .
this is the perfect gift for a baby whose grandparents live far away . baby gets to see them whenever baby opens the book . great idea .
i really like the other born free bottles better . these have a sort of cloudy plastic and we've experienced them leaking more than other born free bottles .
this was a baby shower gift and is an excellent fisher price product , like all this brand products . excellent and comfortable convertible diaper .
i have no complain about the product ... but the baby just do not like it ... she takes any pacifier bu not this one ... donno why ..
3 of these for the price was a great value . we like them ! see well made and fairly durable ! thanks !
i really enjoyed making my son's handprint and footprint from this kit . i'm glad it is something i can look at every christmas .
love the remote control , has many of the same characters that are on her tiny luv playmat , love that you can turn off the music ! !
very nice quality product . like that it's natural and organic ! fits our port-a-crib mattress perfectly ! ! would definitely recommend . very quick shipping ! !
very cute , but harder to clean than i anticipated . i think i would be better off just using a blanket that i can throw in the wash .
this cover was exactly how i expected it would be - - cute ! it washed well , and fits the mombo as it should .
my six month old and his two year old cousin both use it throughout the day ... just doesn't seem to get old !
the hole in the top is so small that not many kinds of snacks fit through it ... this would be perfect for formula but not toddler snacks ...
drying rack was easy to set up and use . it is also easy to clean and doesn't take up too much space on the counter .
this is nicely made and feels high quality ... i love the color ! my son doesn't lose his paci anymore ! good product !
could not imagine pumping at work without this . the tie back can be a little inconvenient , but i retie it at least once a month .
perfect pods for single baby food servings plus its really cute ! arrived quick and ready to use . would purchase again in a heartbeat !
this gate is sturdy and easy to install and our ferrets aren't able to find a way through / under / over it ! highly recommend !
it is easy to use and adjust to your size . the pumps stay in place well . comfortable to wear , and easy to get on and off .
at least send one green and one pink but pink and purple for my boy ? oh well , i guess he will still use them .
i love this diaper bag . not only is it adorable but all of the small pouches that came with it are really handy for various objects .
i use it for my newborn and it is great . these are cute and do exactly what they are supposed to do
works just as described . price was the only reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . nice having extra sets around .
i kept two in the house ( one upstairs , one down ) and one in the diaper bag . a great infant toy .
i love everything about this stroller . the quality , color , ease of use and design . it's perfect to wheel my grandchildren around in .
this is a great , cute spout cover that does it's job in keeping baby safe ! i love the whale design !
this teether is great as far as texture and my son loving it however i dont beleive it was worth 20 bucks .
these are great for daycare . there are a ton of bottles in the daycare fridge and these make ours easily distinguishable from everyone else's . love them !
this is a favorite toy ; easy for baby to grasp in one hand and pass to the other .
nicely done of think to clean a baby bottle . i bought it'd be a good idea to clean after disinfection think i bought
the organizer is very handy , we are 1 year into it and it has held up nicely and it has worked very well
i compared to other more expensive units . glad i chose this one . easy to use , set up and love the rechargeable battery .
i prefer the swaddleme's to this swaddle . my daughter got out of this swaddle pretty easily . also the fabric is pretty thick .
bought this to match the rest of my little ones skip hop dog collection . fits a lot of snacks and goodies .
i really like these - - strong , sturdy , durable ... i've had them only a short while but can't complain . love them !
these are quite possibly the easiest cloth diapers to use , and this is a great cover . absolutely worth every penny !
after washing the fabric still looks good . the fabric is not as thick as others but good for the price .
got this shampoo rinser from amazon . i got color blue which looks very cool . the rinser is large enough to accommodate good quantity of water.nice product .
this sheet is a great value . it is still soft and the elastic is still stretchy after many washes . i love the pale creamy yellow color .
this was a good purchase , it washes easily and doesn't keep stains , easy on-off with an elastic running around the edges , i can recommend
it's really cute and fitted the cot mattress well . i bought it for my baby boy and he looks adorable lying on it .
when it loses connection it has a very loud beep and it didn't work more than an hour . i really don't like this product .
provides extra layer of protection under the mattress protector which is under the sheet . it stays in place and foes the job
these sheets are very soft , but somewhat thin , so i ended up having to double up the sheets otherwise my baby wouldn't sleep well .
i have flown on 6 flights in two months and the product works great . i especially love how easy it is to spot in baggage claim
this is amazing puts my daughter straight to sleep when its playing she looks up at it and just passes out and sleeps
hard to open / close the clasp . we land up pulling the cabinet door open in order to activate latch to open the lock .
this works great for my little guy and is very space friendly . it can get a little dirty looking after 3-4 months but well worth it .
compatible with my dr.brown 8oz bottles . good replacement and the price is cheap and reasonable . great product and highly recommended .
was on wish list and was given as a gift for my nieces baby shower . super cuter & just what she wanted !
this has always been popular with my grandson . we read it at least once a day and he still giggles when he uncovers each animal .
super soft well made but don't try to fit it over a play yard mattress that 3 " . not going to happen
i use these to transport bottles so no leaking . great buy ! use these with the old event rings on the new advent bottles and no leaking :)
best one i have found . really good , but a little hard to clean and retains odors like all plastics like this .
great way to secure toys to stroller , etc . instead of them falling on the floor . i would definitely recommend this item to a friend .
easy to hold on to . he is 1 yr old and he grabs it and loves to roll back and forth and throw it to me .
wonderful pillow , it's soft but not too soft that my toddler's head sinks into the pillow .
i love all the sippy ’ s from this brand . the soft top is easy for the baby to sip and a great transition from the bottle .
it is really cute but it's not as nice looking as the picture ! my baby hasn't used it yet though !
this product is perfect for keeping my son's car seat from getting hot . it's a must have and is good quality .
we cloth diaper and use the biodegradeable wipes and love these liners . whether it is the non-biodegradeable or the biodegradeable the dekor is a great diaper pail .
the toy does not stay attached to the suction cup at all . it's so flimsy that baby barely grabs it and it goes flying .
excellent fit and adjustability . i'm large busted , and this stays where it should and does what it's supposed to . highly recommend .
i put my kids snack in this and they eat it in the stroller . it holds a lot and holds their drink in place !
great for travelling and the quality of the product is really nice and sturdy.but because it's compact , you can only fit 2-3 bottles
this potty seat nicely on the toilet and the pillow part removes easily from the plastic frame for quick cleaning .
every bib should be like this ! absolutely no drawbacks to it . we have several colors and will buy more for baby # 2 .
works as it should my cast came out great and for the price cannot be beat . will order again with the next child .
my kids got sick of this very quickly and ended up being annoying to them . ended up in the toy / junk pile .
i bought these keys for my 5 month old to teethe on . they work , but seem cheaply made and are only surface clean ( not dishwasher-safe ) .
these have a very good fit and are super easy to use . have been using them since birth , baby is now 9 months old and still fits
the cover is not what is shown in the pictureit's hard to keep it open and it's a hassle . i don't recommend it
cute , effective , does what i would expect a plastic rattle to do ... i just wish it would come in more boyish colors .
i purchased this nuby nipple replacement for a bottle that i never used . i'm not sure if it works but assume it works just fine .
this light looks nice , but should not be called a night light . it blocks nearly all the light from the bulb .
mam is considered one of the best pacifiers . my granddaughter will not use anything else . i just wish i could keep them away from my puppy .
my daughter is 4 months old , and we haven't been able to try these yet because they slide off of her legs too easily .
quality isnt great to be honest . the stiching came apart after one wash ! however they are very absorbant but take very long to dry . prefer prefolds .
these are my sons favorite bottles . he's very picky about the nipple . so it took a while to find the right bottle .
my 4 month old nephew approves it . except for when it was cold he didn't like that so much . but he will once he gets older .
i bought this for my granddaughter & she loves it . its light weight & easy for her to grab & put into her mouth .
bought it on behalf of someone , but it did come with rave reviews that's why my friend wanted this .
these are great pacifiers . the design is child friendly and cool . the only draw back is when you wash them sometimes water gets trapped inside .
i had no problems with these replacement parts . they came packaged as shown and i didn't have any difficulty using them .
she likes to play with it as we walking its entertaining and good value for the price would recommend this product
nice quality . sheets are soft and fit the crib well . like the 2 different colors and not 2 same color sheets .
my 20 month old daughter loves these pacifiers . and to be honest , i haven't tried any other brands . we should be weaning her off shortly though .
great toy , all the different textures and colours for baby to see , he loves it . i would def . recommend .
our daughter loves this . it is adorable and she still uses it every night at 17 months .
fit my bright starts sleepeasy perfectly . minimal gaps around the edges , i think it's as tight a fit as you can reasonably expect .
this kneeling pad makes bath time so much easier . it goes very nicely with my beach themed bathroom decor . the padding is thick and seems very durable .
my son loves this and it's super cute . it washes well and stays soft , plus it's really easy for an infant to grab and hold onto .
perfect ! exactly what i was looking for . very colorful and perfect size to hang in the car . and most importantly , not made in china !
sooo soft , fits perfect . nice pink color . durable and warm . i have an eddie bauer regular car seat and it has room to be bigger
received older version , not what was depicted . however , still works fine so kept it . not worth the trouble to return it .
i bought this product for my new born , and i am very happy , it's very nice material , and very cozy . very quick shipment .
excellent product when you need to go to shopping , travel or something else my daughter goes sleeping all the time and she feels warm in my chest
i love this ! it works wonderful and i would recommend it to others . easy to clean and bottles fit easily on it .
these are good and safe , exactly what they should be but , if i had known better i would have bought the sliding ones with the screw .
works good so far . my daughter seems comfortable in it and keeps her pretty entertained . would recommend if you are looking for a front to back swing
fits true to size . gives me peace of mind so i don't have to worry about covers getting in his face . very cute too !
i love these blankets . however , you can find the same muslin blankets online at babies r us for less .
this cover is super soft and smooth but nice and thin and light weight for summer use . great product for the money .
this has really come in handy , if she gets too fussy a little time spent rocking and she is calm . the music is an added bonus .
fit's the phil & ted's navigator stroller perfectly will be great for those long walke ... water for mommy and snakcs for baby
i love it ! this is a wonderful product ! now we do not have to worry about loosing any more paci's !
this pillow is very plush and if your kid likes muno this is perfect . doesnt take up much space , as muno is thin & tall .
bought this for my little one and he loves to push the dog's nose . good size to keep all his little stuff together when we go out .
love these blankets for my daughters . they are perfect for swaddling & are light weight enough to be used year round .
colors are nice , very girlie . easy to clean , nice to have ontop of my hardwood floors so my 6 mnth old daughter can roll around !
you can't beat that price . you get a brush and comb that do its job , what more can you want ?
when travelling and using the mini evenflo battery operated pump , having extra bottles are a plus . doesn't hurt to have more .
works as indicated just wish they were bigger as i need two to cover back window of sedan and doesn't fully cover the side window either .
have had this for a few months and have used it several times , i feel it is accurate and definitely easy to use . highly recommend !
i really like this brush much better then my previous one , i only wish there were more bristles like my oxo bottle brush .
nice crib for small place and baby can be rocked when sleeping , that makes my girl sleeps longer . love it !
i have several different crib sheets , but this one is my favorite . soft , warm jersey washes well and has a nice color .
its very convinence and soft , safe and easy to use . my daughter loves it very much , i'm glad i've bought this .
expected these to be a little bigger they're more of a nose rag than a wash cloth . besides that it's pretty good doesn't reel or fall apart
i just got this and love it . you can use it in swings , car seats , nap nanny , etc . i'll probably get more .
my son and i love it ! ! so incredibly soft and very well made . just stop packaging in stinky vinyl please !
we love the thirsties diapers . the snaps are our favorite for mobility purposes and they hold up more than the velcro . love the variety of colors !
so easy to clean , it makes my life so much easier especially since i do not have access to soap and water for cleaning while pumping at work .
works great and since it is clear it isn't noticeable . i have these on all my closet doors which helps keep the kids room clean .
been using booginhead for almost 3 years and now using for our next child ! love the fabric choices and the grip is really strong ! ! !
i use these bags for our daycare diapers . i have never had any problems with leaking . plus the patterns are super cute .
loves these for extra absorbency where we need it . they work well in my thirstiest all in one and my bum genius freetime !
might work , but my baby didn't accept any pacifier at all ! i also tried a avent model , but she didn't accepted too .
while these are really cool , you can only wear them while the kid is not sitting in the stroller or the car seat .
the ruffle doesn't go all the way to the floor even with the crib mattress at the lowest setting . other than that it's not bad .
our baby is definitely comfy in her highchair with this cushion . it is great quality and a good product . i like how colorful it is as well .
love this to support the babies heads and keep her more comfortable in her baby trend original car seat . it's really helpful .
we used this size for such a short time that the larger size was more cost effective . i prefer bummis organic prefolds ... they are much more absorbent .
colors and images captivates baby's attentionsoft fabric , easy to handle . like it , like it , like it , like it
and functional ! add a couple of the accessory flowers to it and bam ! instant cuteness with functionality . i love this !
we've bought several of these for our children and for others as gifts.everyone loves the giraffe . i would highly recommend this for anyone with a newborn baby .
this is really an excellent product . we bought this for a baby shower and it's very important at baby home .
this keeps my toddler occupied for a few minutes in the high chair and in the car or stroller or wherever . it's great !
they are fun and colorful and make the crackle noise to keep the baby distracted . my 4 month old is still learning how to grab it though .
covers the faucet to protect little noggins . neat color . cute elephant design . totally in my budget . i'd buy it again .
this are colorful , easy to wash and soft around the edges . a must have at home when you have kids !
very comfortable for our toddler . easy to move around , lightweight . cleans up nicely and does not mark my chairs yet stays safely
my wife loves the fabric and designs of these cushions . its comfortable for our daughter and looks great . must buy
great product ! ! ! my son loves it . he started rocking at 4 months and still rocking at 16 months . sits in it every day .
i've just finished prepping these diapers and they have fluffed up nicely and are ready for use . they seem to be a better quality than the gerber brand .
works perfect for my medela pump in style ( backpack ) . i also found that it was a really good deal too !
use this same one for my childcare and know it will be great for my grandchildren , twins ! also purchased covers too from amazon
these are easy to install and works great - even i can't get into the pantry and closets bc i forget about them .
my toddler seems very happy with the avent pacifiers . somehow , the price seems more reasonable than the other avent ones .
i haven't had the chance to use it but it was very easy to assemble and seems to be high quality construction .
i was very dissapointed with the side of this product . my grandson has one like this and i wanted to get a new one .
needs some padding around neck . the straps edges rub the neck and do bad things . the demo kid is wearing a turtle neck , which would help .
great gate . its pretty easy to install . i believe this gate has a nice cleaner look to it and actually doesn't look tacky as some gates do .
this works perfectly in our graco pack'n play . it provides more padding for a better nap , night's sleep and comfort .
way to fast of flow for my baby , chocked her ! needs to be smaller hole . have been unable to use !
these provide protection for our daughter on the coffee table . my only complaint is that the corners don't stay on and that's where we need it the most !
the base is easy to install and the seat goes in and out with one button press . definitely would recommend for those with multiple vehicles .
my baby loves it . even older kids of our friends got occupied by this toy . it fits well on the crib as well . great find .
i love this camera , it is really nice and you can point to many different angles.however the app is just ok , the image freezes a lot .
my 14 mo son loves this cup . works really great ! doesn't leak and is dishwasher safe on the top rack .
these nursing pads are great , they feel soft and comfortable on my skin , and are absorbent enough for light to medium leaks .
i got these to use not as pinch guards but to prevent my toddler from locking herself in rooms . they serve that purpose well , and they're fun-looking .
we fit two pocket style cloth diapers in here with plenty of room to spare . good little bag , good quality .
repeat order of these corner guards ! i have them all over my home and ordered these for my mom's house !
i have a slow close toilet and it doesn't work with it . will be selling on craigslist as soon as possible
for beginner cup this works well . we've had minimal leaking a few times , but these are way better than other cups i've purchased .
perfect for baby . they don't fall off the arms or legs and they are great for baby's development . got them for my new grandson ! !
it is very easy and convenience . it will be nice if the baby can extend the leg otherwise i would give 5 stars .
plays music and projects images . timer is a nice feature . only shortcoming is a built-in strap to attach to the outside of a crib .
very cute bib ! i've received a lot of comments while walking down the street . the material is soft and it washes well .
i purchased several sizes of planet wise bags and i love them all . it's also great how several colors / patterns coordinate with each other .
this is a great little wet bag for storing in the diaper bag and carrying home dirty clothes . has worked well through multiple washings .
we use this under our daughter's high chair in case she drops food or drink , and its very handy ! easy to clean , perfect size .
cute colors for a small baby learning to grab toys . the sounds are very soft and fun to play with .
when you have a very basic umbrella stroller , its great to have this so you an just hold stuff like a rain cover . keepsstuff secure
our little one still needs a wearable blanket and we love the halo sleepsacks . this item is soft even after a few washings and the color is lovely !
it really helps easy the pain ! before i use it , i really need encourage myself a lot before breast feeding .
melodies are very attractive for babies , its portable ans compact , you can carry everywhere you want , simply # 1 for us .
i did not expect this bibs to be so small . i thought they would be the standard bib size . however these were small lengthwise .
works perfectly . good for warming all your baby bottles and food jars on the go.what i didn't like so much is that it is quite heavy .
our daughter loves to play with these . it is also a great introduction to brushing her teeth . we wold recommend this to anyone .
much better than a previous bottle warmer i owned . it warmed up the bottle in half the time .
best thing ever . makes it so much easier for my little one to wash his hands .
we love it . great for the patio or when baby needs to be confined so gma can powder her nose . keeps the dog and baby apart .
the material was soft and comfortable . easy to wash . but when i tore the tag off the material , it also tore a hole in the material .
i wish these worked , but they don't seem to hide the smell any better than other products i've tried . i'm still looking for a miracle !
baby loves this and has used it every single day since birth till now ( hes 8 months )
needed to keep cats out of nursery but air flowing , this product works great ! super easy for adults to use , leaves no damage on door frame .
good price , and seems like quality plastic that won't break . fun for my toddler . i like how there are 6 pops available to freeze .
great product . fits the bright starts pack n play perfect . very soft , just wish they had more color choices . would recommend this product to others .
although this can be made to fit people up to size 14 unfortunately the two openings re too close together for me no so is very uncomfortable .
they sent me pink .. its pretty . it does the job & does it well .. no complaints with this useful little handy dandy tool
nice melodies , easy to use and my kid loves baby einstein , i would recommend this one . a simple tpoy to take along
have a kid ? buy these . seriously - kids love to through stuff , this keeps that stuff attached and off the floor . enough said .
my baby absolutely loves it , it stands on her high chair's little table and keeps her occupied when i'm feeding her .
there has been a recall on these tents . if you already have one , make sure to request the free repair kit . [ ... ]
and i love that the inside comes out . easy to toss in the wash for those extra dirty baby clothes
this base fit perfectly with our car seat model . it definitely did the job.however , before purchasing , definitely look into which models fit with this base .
i purchased and used a lot these blankets . they are soft and good quality . i only feel they could be a little bigger .
got one for my bob jogger and it's quite handy . helps keep your things organized and within reach at all times .
these little liners along with the little portable potty chair has made traveling with our almost 3 year old awesome .
the sheets fit nicely , but they are not very soft at all . they were also very see through . i wouldn't buy again .
this is made well and fits the stroller as described . it should protect the baby on windy cold days . i like it .
this is very nice item , for sure would buy again ! baby likes to stay in this pad while i'm changing him .
pros - item arrived on time and packaged accordingly . bottles work great so far , no compliants to note as of yet .
this has been a great solution for our diaper bag . it is compact , easy to clean , and it was cheap .
i can see my son clearly in the back seat while i'm driving ! only downside is that sometimes the straps come loose and must be tightened back up .
i bought this as a gift for a new mother and her baby , once old enough to hold it , loves it .
lover these spoons ! my son won't eat if i change them ... he totally approved and he loves to bit on the sod silicone
liked it just 2 out of 25 leaked ... way better than others in the market . ni ce pro duct it is
i like these so much that i have purchased three as gifts . the bright colors are eye-catching and the material is soft .
beyond easy to install . just slide onto top of door . prefect fit , with sizers included for various depth doors . very secure .
got this for our new little one . it is soft , cleans well but is thin . can't beat the price though .
toddler loves brushing his teeth with this toothpaste . it is not bad tasting or harsh to a baby . good product
these are great ! the only thing is you want to use a liner as the micro fiber isn't good against babies skin .
these don't stay on baby even with the velcro . i wish i hadn't bought these . personally , i wouldn't recommend them .
perfect for trimming my daughters nails and i would recommend it to other parents . my husband doesn't even use the magnifier , but it still works great .
i had to purchase new hoses and these are exactly the same hoses that came with my medela pump in style advance .
great for most fruits and even cooked veggies , we used bananas one time and my son loved it but it took abut 10 minutes to get it fully cleaned
he loves this mirror . he stares into it & chats while on his tummy . babies love mirrors & this one didn't disappoint .
very handy to have attached to the pack n play downstairs as our other diapering station . it even fits over the plastic attachment for the bassinet height .
you don't see that too often ! these are great stackers . we have a few varieties of them but these are our favorite . they are pretty sturdy .
this step stool is great , especially if you have a small bathroom . also doubles as a seat while you're bathing your kid !
work great . easy to use . wish i had skipped the cheap plug-ins in the main play areas . my 14 mo old twins can't figure them out .
love these for bath toys - the fish is a great face washer and can be washed in the laundry too !
my now 5 month old loves these flashcards while on tummy time . i feel like it is something that she will grow with
perfect buy for anyone who has a climbing child . they have easy slid straps to make a fast size adjustment .
my 10 month old loves this . its easy for him to grip and hold . haven't noticed any sharp edges on mine .
it turned out perfect ! my daughter is delighted with the practical , spacious and excellent material that is made . good quality !
i bought this for my daughter and she loves it . she has played with this so many times that i surprised it is still in one piece .
we absolutely love them . this is our first child and we chose a monkey theme , so wanted these as soon as i saw them .
they're the only ones i've seen that come with a cap , so i can keep them clean when they're in my bag and not my son's mouth .
no complaints here . basic changing pad . i bought a few covers same brand which are very soft . good for the price .
love this onesie . the fabric is soft and it is easy to put on . i wish more onesies were made in this style .
we use these everyday to feed my son . we love all things boon in our house and these are just another great product from them .
fit very nicely . i was nervous since the crib is smaller than a regular size crib but it fit just fine .
we use this step stool on hardwood floors and it works great . if there's any weight on top of it , it never slips .
we love these bottles ... and so does our 2 month old daughter ! all the parts are annoying to clean , but well worth it .
i've had this on my shower faucet for 2 years now and it works great . no complaints at all and it looks cute
after initial wash to get the factory smell out off the fabric , it already looked super worn . not that great but serves its purpose .
baby likes it very much . also my friends have used it for both of their girls . planning on using this brand .
very soft spout , good for transition from little baby bottles . love colors , good shape . we even picked up next step same kind bottle .
bought this as a gift . my friend said it has been a blessing , it doesn't sink in and she isn't hunched over while feeding .
they work great , and kids have a hard time removing them , but it is simple enough for us . its very good .
my child , now 10 months old , still loves chewing on this toy . love everything about it , and has no wear and tear .
just received these . love them . the quality is really nice and the fabric is nice too . i would recommend these .
our daughter loves these . they were easy for her to grip , the perfect size , and they had a great seal . i would highly recommend .
looks cute but description is false . all 4 pieces made of polyester and i do not like that for my child . also , blanket is very thin :(
they stared to warp / melt ( the tops ) in the dishwasher . the best spoons out there and worth the money for little kids .
this item was very pretty but did crush the corners of my changing pad . i switched to a non-fitted cover .
very useful for storage , mobiles , and coffee , although we hardly use it , but i think it is very important to have .
this fits perfectly over the changing pad , and it has the slits so the belt can fit through it correctly
the sheet is soft cotton and perfectly fits a standard-size crib mattress after several washes . the red is a nice bright red without being too orange-y .
have loved these cups since i was a small child and my mom used them ! will use them forever for my grandchildren !
this laundry scoop is ideal to keep in the laundry room . i can simply attach it to my washer with it's magnetic ability !
easy to use . very comfortable for the baby . it dries quickly . meets all the requirements for baby bath time . i love it
i've been using this pillow for 3 months and my baby still has a flat head . i don't think any pillow is going to help .
excellent ... my baby is happy with these nipples ... i can recommend them a lot ... if you buy them , you will be happy ...
had the chp install and they commented on the high quality and reliability of this brand . easy to use and really happy with the purchase .
soooo much more comfortable than the manufacturer ( medela ) ones . worth every penny and thensome .
very cute and useful . it work very well and it is a cute toy in the same time . nice purchase .
i love both versions of this toy i have an older model and a newer model both great and long lasting . she loves them . would recommmend
love it ! everyone asks where we got it :) i wouldn't hesitate to buy it if you are on the fence
i like this item and so does my baby girl i would have given 5 starts but it is a little tricky to clean
love the product , i use it at all times . the only thing i would say its missing its the android friendly app
it's an okay item . i do not use it much , because the food doesn't sit above the water . it's pretty much submerged . yuck .
kept our newborn from bobbling around in the car seat . held his head up perfectly and made the car seat a very cozy place for him .
my baby loves these ! they are easy to hold & chew . thin & comfortable on his gums . so worth it !
the bottle is good quality and will not eat any air when fid my son , i will buy the 8ounce again .
keeps her off the floor and gives her plenty to look at and play with for sure . easy to move around and she loves it . great value .
this pacifier holder is great ! it's universal , so it can fit most any pacifier brand . good quality and cute neutral color .
i use it in my diaper bag and it contains more or less 3-4 diapers . perfect for an afternoon / morning out !
time consuming to arrange the parts as recommended & the bottles usually fall over anyway . returned it after my twins ' pediatrician said sterilizing is not necessary .
got this cheapie for my moms car in the event that she may need it . lightweight and doesn't take up much space .
i needed a rack that would hold my born free glass bottles and this one works great . it holds up the 9oz bottles with no problem .
nice idea but the cover is huge so it simply took up too much space for my liking . i decided to simply plug the things in elsewhere .
amazing , i still use it now and he is 9 months old . its lightweight and folds down small .
i have 2 of these gates they are super good product . if you need a long gate to confine a space , this is the one . '
seemed a little small at first glance , but it fits our very chunky little guy quite nicely . would recommend and buy again .
love these ! i use with california baby diaper area wash and love the results . no waste and no nasty chemicals .
these are great bottles at a great price for mommas who pump at work and such . its nice to have extra bottles - means you wash dishes less !
these aren't medela brand but they work just as well . i have been using the same set for 2 months now and haven't had any problems with them .
we were so beyond thrilled when we found these and they ship to alaska . it is great having peace of mind knowing your child is safe !
it's okay , cute , but a little smaller than expected and it's pretty wrinkly . hopefully that will just naturally go away in time ?
this is great for when trying to give a baby gripe water or medicine . makes it way easier then a dropper .
my baby loves the vibrations on his teeth . he also shakes it like a rattle . this product is good quality .
this hook works perfect for what i need , is made of very good material and easy to attach to any part of the stroller
satin all the way , my baby falls asleep easily . loved the color . it's cheaper than the store price so its a plus
my son just isn't into this . he screamed when i tried to put him in it . maybe he's too young at 6 months .
love these ! they are easy to clean and are so much more comfortable and effective than the soft ones . i'll never go back .
my baby loves it . it's soft , bright colors , makes some sounds . what else would you expect from that kind of toys ? :)
love this baby food maker ! ! it's so easy to use & makes good thoroughly puréed food . my fave baby device ! !
we have been using this chair from 4 months till now ( 11 months ) . it is a good activity chair and we currently feed him in it .
these are highly absorbent . they are an excellent addition to fuzzibunz , bumgenious and other diapers you stuff . they hold up well in washing .
this thing is great . i cut out the straps . they are unneeded and a possible chafing agent . i just use it on the floor only .
at one point these were very hard for me to find . now they are everywhere . these are the ones ginen to newborns in the hospital .
best bibs ever . easy to wear for baby , sweet to machine wash , still look great after months of abuse … solid recommendation !
great quality , been using them since dd was 5 weeks old when i went back to work.ordered new nipples to change the sizeeasy to clean
perfect fit . it has slits at the sides for the brackets on the crib and is a lovely cherry red .
pretty decent value for the price . easy to assemble . wouldn't put a newborn in it though . rather a infant that can hold up its head already .
my son likes this cup . i like that he doesn't have to break is neck to get a drink .
we love these diapers . the prefolds are thick . have not had a leak yet ! great absorbency . nice fit . would buy a hundred more .
it's exactly what it says . it fits my carseat perfectly . great for a second base for your second or third car .
this works so well with my bugaboo bee ! it's so handy when going shopping or even hanging your purse through both hangers .
we still use changing pads on top of this for convenience ... but this is a high quality non-chinese cover . love it for its simplicity and quality .
these are okay . i have noticed the fork prongs bending , so that is a little disappointing . my 2 year old loves them .
best thing we have found to put in them is watermelon . it doesn't make the mesh all nasty like bananas and strawberries do .
difficult to position in a way to view child , i can only see the edge of my child and the positioning capability is maxed out
these products are very useful when traveling and working ! it makes pumping at work a lot easier and these wipes are of good quality !
terry on both sides making them easy to care for . also nice and bright colors to match any outfit you may have on ! !
i love avent products but they weren't thinking when they made these . they are way too small and way too thick . feels like a maxi pad .
great for toddlers learning how to drink from real cups ! does not leak ! the flip part of the lid is nice for travel .
some of the parts are rather low quality . overall a good gate , but it can be better . works well for our needs .
i like the products of this brand , the quality is quite good , it's super soft , very suitable for the babe
my baby doesn't have much interest in this toy . maybe he will later , he is almost 5 months now .
exactly what i expected . genuine fuzzibunz inserts . very absorbent and fit perfectly . don't leak . i would recommend them to anyone that was looking for inserts .
love these things . both my babies have worn these exclusively the first couple months of their life . love the neck line that keeps dribble off their necks .
we love these spoons . my 9 month old loved them from the first moment she used them . she also loves to play with them
the only thing i can say that needs to be changed is the back strap is to close and rubbing my son's head ..
with 2 babies in diapers we have a full diaper genie almost all the time ! these little discs are so great ! ! they smell nice and clean .
we use this on both medela bottles and breast pumping products and it works perfectly for the standard bottles and nipples and breast pumping flanges .
i purchased this sheet over two years ago . washes well and i love the quilting . highly recommend ! very soft and cozy .
cancels out background noise . can have up to 4 cameras and split the screen to monitor different rooms at the same time . screen is clear .
added just enough padding to my mini crib mattress and helped reduce the annoying plastic sound when moving on the mattress .
finally my toddler can't open my bi-fold closet-doors anymore and empty it all out . very easy to install and sturdy .
made of good quality , very secure for an active baby to ensure they can't climb out ! comes with a handy tray
the elephant is a great toy that baby can hold on to and suck their nuk . gives them both of both worlds .
but they forgot to send us the toys that went overhead . no harm , no foul . love everything else about it though !
great fit for the dream on me pack n play mattress with waterproof mattress protector . it's also very soft and very comfortable .
this is a great deal for how many rings come in the back ! i was shocked when it came in the mail !
i absolutely love this product . i use it every day . it holds all of my many dr . brown bottle parts .
this is the only pacifier my baby will take . picks up fuzz a little too quickly ( vs hard plastic ) because of the gummy material .
it was not used as mush . my sons hands some how always came free :)
cant really swaddle in these because they are too small for it . after washed they are not really all that soft either .
i would recommend this product . this is a great product . no mess and easy clean up . my son loves it .
we have a few different animals from this lamaze collection . my son loves them all . ' nouph said . what else could you want .
great piece for the price . has a great variety of sounds and has decent volume . would highly recommend for any one with newborn .
we have three of these hooks . i love them . they hold tons of baby crap so i don't have too .
easy to install and use throughout the day when plugging in stuff . i liked it so much , i purchased this one for another outlet .
simple mat , but very cute . our little guy loves laying on it and looking in the mirror and at the animals . wipes clean very easily .
i bought 2 because we don't want to deal with take it on and off from 2 cars . perfect fit !
great , cheap squirt toys . my son loves to chew on them . he'll also play with them outside of bath time .
i use this in my graco pack n play under the sheet . good quality , washes and dries with no shrinkage .
this is warm and cuddly for winter months . no worries about putting a newborn in a snowsuit anymore ! super soft inside .
my babies loved this ! ! ! fun music and lots of lights to keep your little one entertained . i actually like the music too .
my grand daughter loves this toy so much that i bought this one to have at my house . elephant rattles and ears make noise when you twist them .
i love this tray because i can easely remove my frozen food without the cracking noise of regular freezer trays ... perfect for my baby's food .
i purchased this for my son when he was two and a half months old - he never showed much , if any , interest in it .
these disks are not the right size for my diaper pail . there is a small place to insert deodorizers but this one justs falls out of place .
i think the shape of the hole could be different . no other complaints with this product ... better than the little tubberware bowl i was using before :)
i love halo sleep sacks ! nice and warm and safe ! i wish they made them in adult sizes too . lol .
it works for the baby ( and me ... haha ... ) i have installed only one and can't removed it . my husband can but i can't .
this product blew me away . i loved the design , features , numerous parts . easy to clean . pump is comforting and easy to use .
i love this product ! works so much better than those useless bulbs . i buy one for every new mom i know !
the book was a perfect gift for a baby . she loves the sounds the book makes and the rhyming story . the cloth is washable .
my baby will not , under any circumstance use this pacifier , we use the nuk pacifier instead because that is what the hospital gave us
my daughter loves these and they keep her safe and they are low maintenance for me as the cleaning doesn't involve anything extra .
i bought this because i dropped mine on the hard wood floor and it cracked . this one works great and looks exactly the same
i love these blankets . they are expensive but very soft . i'm glad i bought them . they are lightweight which is good for warm weather .
great you hear everything . even when she breath , no interference what so ever.you can here your wife mumble too.lol
i'm sure it does what it's supposed to do but it doesn't stay put where it's supposed to stay put .
we used these for our son , and now again like the pink version for our daughter's crib . so easy to change the sheets but still looks nice .
they are thin , small , and not absorbent . i stopped using these since you should stick to 100 % cotton cloths for babies ...
this product is very unsafe . the thick mat keeps the car seat from being in tight enough in an accident .
i go to the beach a lot with my kids and this is great ! it is waterproof ! it feels very soft also , and is a perfect size
i really like these bags and use them almost every day for freezing my milk . i've been using these bags for about 4 months so far .
after one use , i was unable to close both the clasps and the product was completely useless . i would not recommend this purchase .
this bumper is cute and well made . there are enough ties on it to secure it to the bed so we don't worry about suffocation .
i love this gender neutral print and it works great . i also like that this folds into a bag when you are not using it .
i love these . i use them in baby's bassinet at night . they have saved from having to wash the bedding from a little spit up .
i did not find the tray so hard to secure or remove . it is a snug fit but it's a great addition to the seat .
these bottles are so good for my baby becuase it's like the milk is flowing slowly and so they are no filled abrubtly . i highly recommend these products .
they are so soft and absorbent and wash up super easy . they are fabulous . i am so thrilled that i bought them . thank you so much !
this is a great seat for toddlers ! the quality is wonderful and the seat does exactly what it's supposed to
these sleepsacks are the best out there . they wash and wear well and are so comfy cozy ! !
i use it as a straw ans sippy cup spout cleaner , works well since it can bend in any which way . happy with the buy
this is a very handy to have product . the nasal aspirator ( snotsucker ) is surprisingly good . a must have for every mother !
don't expect them to prevent blow-outs . but what will ? the last as long as they need to , then the baby grows out of them .
doesn't fit on all water bottles . it's easier to just teach your toddler to drink from a water bottle . i would not recommend .
this is a very nice cushy cover that fits very snugly and protects the pack and play .
this cute storage provides a useful place to store all the baby materials from the hospital and doctor's visit . lots of extra folders for additional items .
i love these bottles . i plan to gift them to my daughter when she is ready to transition to a bottle.gunner , march , 2014
very nice fabric and color looks great for boy or girl and goes with all outfits well . very soft . washes well !
this product is fantastic ! i used it to divide my living room so i could have a safe area for my daughter to play .
fits well and has many mounting options to suit almost any application . good quality mirror too , not blurry like some others i've seen .
great for breast feeding , bottle feeding and having your little just lounge in general . great quality does the job and she seems to think it's comfy .
this thing is much bigger than i expected and i am still on the fence as to whether i will keep it ...
these spoons are nice and long . easy to use to feed baby . they are easy on their tender little gums and the colors are cute .
it really keeps his attention . he loves making the disks flip around . it is fun for the both of us !
my daughter love it , she feel soft and the comfortable material . i recommend this product , it is safety and the quality .
i gave this to my cousin at her babyshower . it's still in baby's room today and she loves it . very soft and snuggly .
we have loved these ! they are very convenient when you know you'll be on the go . i would recommend them to anyone on the go with young children
easy to clean , portable , like the tray , turns into a booster seat & not pricey - what more can i ask for ?
this brush is great . the bristles are soft and don't spray water everywhere when the brush is removed from the bottle . it cleans the bottles really well .
very nice my baby girl love's them nice size for baby and safe for baby to play with toxic free love it .
the material is cute , but not the softest . ive washed it 3-4 times now and it has softened a small amount with washing .
these are just great - easy to clean , fun to look at , & baby seems comfy with them . the little food catching pocket is handy .
quality is great , easy to clean , but i can't figure out how to use it.food is leaking or doesn't come out .
these are very cute . i love taking pics in these . i wish i would have done it with my oldest .
bought this to use with my infant seat when my granddaughter comes over . washes beautifully and holds its shape nicely
its a good product but i wanted it to fit in my cribs changing station . too big for same .
if you are cloth diapering cj's butter rocks , the spray is awesome so you don't have to rub it on ! i use it all the time for diapering
i bought these covers for my changing table - they're very well made and well worth the money - i recommend these to anyone
best bottles for your money these old school bottles are not expensive and work better than plastic all the time
i totally recommend this bowls , they are colourfull and stay put to the table . i want more !
lids are very hard to close . by the time you finally tight the lid to the ice cubes all the liquid inside is spread over the kitchen counter .
i think my grandson will truly enjoy this little blanket > nice size as a take along blanket to and from grandmas house
i love these - use them as washcloths for baths . i have washed and dried many times and they are holding up well . would recommend .
i picked this one because i thought it was cute and i liked it easy to clamp on to any outfit .
very nice and cute silverware . smooth to the touch and easy for my son to grab . also come out great in the dishwasher
have used it at least once a week since we got it . comes in handy when at the mall , etc . great buy ! and super sturdy !
this set of sheets is soft , very durable , good quality and fit the mattress perfectly . highly recommended , especially for the price !
this feeder is really great . my son loves it and for us it has doubled as a teether because you can place frozen fruit like bananas in it .
good size changing pad that can be attached to changing table . we are using it on the floor for now until baby moves into his nursery full time .
bought as a gift for our new nephew . haven't heard any complaints . keeps baby nice and warm . standard " boy colors . "
i love the fit of these covers but the velcro wears off after a while ( around 10 months for me ) . prefer snaps .
parts seem to be good quality . haven't used it yet but i like the way it was packaged and i like the apparent quality of the materials used
the product was easy to install and reduces much of the bright sunlight on our baby's face , but not as much protection as i expected .
love love love this bag . it is exactly what i wanted . holds a ton of diapers and the smell ! ! satisfied customer .
nice vivid colors these are sure to get the baby's attention , and they will have fun chewing on them . totally cute .
we had our daughter 6 weeks ago and have been using this ever since . we love it and it looks great in the nursery .
just like the name brand cotton receiving blankets , only a difference in price ! so far , these are washing and wearing excellent .
it's a good ice ack , very bulky and takes up all the room n he cooler . wish they would make a slimmer version that was equally effective .
these barely absorbed when i had them in . it was more like the milk beaded off of them . i had high hopes but i was let down .
keeps our plugs covered and our lo can't get the plugs out of the wall which a plus :) would recommend
it works like it should , although sometimes i have a little bit of trouble opening it , but i attribute that to my short fingernails .
those medela tubes fit exactly like the old one , which grew mold after just under 2 months of moderate use .
worth every penny ! we have been spraying diapers since day 1 and the spray pal is great at keeping the mess in the toilet . highly recommended !
our son is 6 months old and still loves this play mat . i recommend this product to all my friends .
they warp , turn all sorts of odd shades and leak like crazy , save your money !
very useful , easy to use , not complicated set up . throw in the water , if the red light is flashing it's too hot !
this is very light weight and soft ! works great for my graco pack n ' play . i would recommend and buy again .
i like these because they are compostable . i've already used about 100 of them so at least i feel better knowing they aren't killing the environment .
super easy to wash . it was indispensable when we were traveling the county when my son was first born . great for home , restaurants , play dates .
my baby loved it awesome book she even took it to bed with her every night perfect fir teething babies
these work very well and are microwave safe . they are great for helping baby transition to eating larger portions bottles
always easy to put on as kid loves the teddy bear character cord is a good length so as not to get wrapped around anything too
my baby cousin love his toddler rocker ... he would sleep soundly in his rocker without waking up at all times ... yes i would recommend it
haven't had any accidents to report on the function . the fit is great and texture is great too .
i don't like having lots of gaudy plastic toys in the apartment so this is perfect . even more perfect because my baby loves it .
this is one of the best inventions for toys , in my opinion . now we have more room and space to put other things .
this support pillow is excellent . it is the perfect size , and it prevents the baby from getting a flat head .
i bought these except mine are trimmed with white satin and not blue . my 5 month old son loves them .
this is a great simple product . its cheap and it does the job . i bought two others in other patterns .
this product doesn't fit all sinks . it didn't fit mine so i couldn't use it . i dont know how well it works
these are smaller than i expected & didn't wash up well . we do not use them & would not recommend .
my little one just loves to chew on this nice big soothie pacifier . the textured bumps and nubbies makes it feel nice on her gums .
this was a gift but they said that they enjoyed it so i suppose it was a success . at least hopefully . :)
this is a very good pump . easy to use , and gets the job done . not too expensive either . i would recommend it .
my 4 month old son loves this ! whenever we play it for him he gets a big smile on his face from the lights and the music .
i needed to have cups on hand for when my greats come to visit and i love turtles so i got these :)
no complaints , although the " belt holder " is highly unnecessary . i really don't see where it would be useful , its just wasteful .
easy to fill and our daughter loves it ! ! ! helps with motor skills and is adorable ! ! !
lasts the longest out of all the bottles brushes we've tried . any other broke within a month and this one will last 6 months .
goes great with our monkey themed nursery . it fits perfectly on the changing pad . it's soft and nice and washes up great .
very large , but they do the job ! very cute pattern and easy clean up . not good for overnight , but will hold a decent amount .
i love aden and anais products , and this changing pad cover is the same great material , cute patterns , washes well .
i got these for my nephew . he's almost 5 months so he obviously isn't playing with them but they're cute floating around in the tub with him !
i bought this one and then smaller one and have converted all my purses to diaper bags ! i'm in love ! works just great !
we've used it a couple of times in the bathtub and it works fine and our son seems comfortable in it .
i love the concept , but in the end it's just a giant water balloon waiting to pop and dump water all over your floor .
my grandson loves this toy ! great for younger babies too . i would say 6 months and up . he likes to walk around with the music on .
this mattress pad is backed with plastic ! it smells like plastic and the " organic cotton " title is completely misleading . false advertising !
my daughter likes this little toy . it's such a simple , cute little toy . she likes to shake it and chew on it's ears . very cute .
i love it , we can continue encouraging our little one to learn spanish at home . not many of these products have the different languages option
works great for hands free pumping with the medela pumps . much cheaper than in the stores . lots of adjustable parts , washes nice .
good idea for a product , but not for every baby . my 13 mo is not very interested in chewing on this thing , at least not yet .
arrived quickly and in perfect condition . we've already used it with my 7 lb son for several walks :) he loves being bundled up tightly in it .
of all her toys , my granddaughter loves her sophie . it's adorable , totally chewable , and safe . buy one and you'll see what i mean .
great for bath time ! i enjoy playing with them ! stick to the walls well and are easy to clean up .
my grandson loves the wubba he holds on to the little giraffe , so cute to watch him with his wubby
very thin material - fit the 3 inch mattress pad right now - but may shrink after wash . may not be very durable after wash .
i never knew this existed ! glad i found them there thin and you can barely tell there on the seat .. the pockets probably wouldn't hold much .
my 12 month old daughter loves brushing her teeth with this ! she lets me brush them and even smiles and when i'm done she brushes them herself .
got these sheets and they are soft and fit just right . the monkeys are cute and just what i expected
great bowl . keeps food warm for a long time . has held up great to multiple feedings and hand / diswasher washings .
we've had ours for at least three years and it is going strong . keeps things hot and happy and easy enough for the kid to open .
i've used both the medela membranes and these , and as far as i can tell , there's no difference at all . save your money and buy generic .
my daughter loves to slobber all over her keys and rattle them around . the ends of the keys are great for teething .
it's inexpensive and glass - exactly what i was looking for ! don't have to worry about scary plastic chemicals . great product ! ! !
does exactly what it says . it has been stuck to my bathroom wall since i bought it . no problems with suction .
yes , battery last about 5 days of playing 4 hours a day . other than that it's a great product and really goes everywhere !
these are soft , and do a great job cleaning our baby's diaper area when wet . do not use fabric softener , as it will hinder the absorbency .
a great product ! babies deserve to be pampered & this is an easy way to make sure the diaper changing experience is comfy ! !
awesome - - my granddaughter loves her baby nemo squirt teether and it plays a little song , it's so cute . good purchase .
works like a charm to get babes and toddlers to stop crying ! ! prefer this model to the fisher price option
we have had a few types of pacifiers and these are our favorite . or , i should say , our baby's favorite .
i believe there were reviews saying that it smelled but we haven't had any issues at all and our son seems to love it .
i love this bouncer - but what's more important is that my kids have both loved it !
já adquiri vários itens da avent e sempre fico satisfeito com essa marca . parabéns para a avent , pela qualidade em todos seus produtos .
these are the best swaddle for babies - safe and great in humid weather . in fact , they are great for all ages ! ! !
these are my kid's favorite binkie - we have about 50 of them around the house ! they last a long time and wear very well . highly recommend .
got this for my son and wife for their expected addition . they love it . matches their bathroom perfectly . awesome and within my price range .
the tray was hard to get lined up and it did not work well to feed my kids with . i ended up selling it at a garage sale
the sheets are okay to send to daycare . they fit fine and are a pretty pink . they just aren't very soft .
perfect for my 6 mo old to get in her mouth . easy to clean and soft rubber it won't hurt anything
still using this three years later , my kids love it and still sleep with it every night !
very charming mobile . i love the fact that it moves when the air conditioner blows air on it . not a bad deal .
the buttons are easy for the baby to find and the music isn't super annoying for the parents . definitely a good toy .
i use this all the time when i store my milk in the refrigerator . it does its job .
this is exactly what i needed , now if only my child would have slept in the pack-n-play the hotel provided .
exactly what i needed , prompt arrival with all the necessary parts to work both sides tandem if i wanted to .
my son started getting his teeth just before 5 months . we purchased this and use it as a part of his bedtime routine . he loves it !
it is what is described on the web . don't know yet about the quality as i haven't use it yet .
he likes the drinking sound and likes to chew on the yellow corner of the star it's many colors that are different textures
this pillow is pretty small and the material is really stiff . it hurts my side more to sleep with it than with a normal pillow .
i tried a bunch of locks . magnetic are the way to go , no pinched fingers and it is not obvious to children how to open it .
great for busy moms who need to multitask and still pump . i use it as a supplement to my double electric pump .
now the baby isn't born . the first for the baby . see , from 0 to 4 months of use , so before buy it
they did hurt less than others ... but i don't know what kind of a difference they made on my production . only used one size
i love this changing pad cover . it fits our changing pad from target very well and it's very , very soft .
it ` s fit perfectly and works so good too . and look as good as seen on the internet , so you will love it
nice and softlike it says , kind of like cashmere . definitely easy to wash stains come out easy and looks like great quality because it is .
horrible quality - love the animals.might try to get it laminated as it was so so expensive for a place mat !
hands down - best blankets ever ! worth every cent - trust me ! my son even loves playing with them - they are the best !
i love these drop-ins . so easy to use ! much easier than traditional bottles . also , they do seem to cut down on the gas .
i needed this to make sure the door stays locked from the little ones . it makes it easy for me .
cute bedding set for my 2 year old . colors are as pictured . so fair it has been washing nicely with no fading .
i wasn't expecting it to be so fluffy-like . it is a cute addition to the rest of my owl themed bedroom .
without swaddling blanket i might have died from exhaustion when my kid was a wee little baby . the fleece is super cozy and soft .
the handle is contoured to be easy to hold . the colors are appealing , especially to a six-month year old . a well designed product . recommended .
it fits all carts , even the large costco carts , it provides a nice cushion , its easy to use and easy to clean . great product !
this has been a great camera , i was skeptical because of the previous reviews but i love it and it works great .
we bought it and used it once . what a waste of money ! the middle part is too flat and my baby was uncomfortable with the bulky sides .
so versatile ! he make old toys / play areas new n fun again with creativity !
we used this pail with a diaper pail liner & it worked great ! trapped the stinkies in it & held a lot of diapers !
one of the best products that i've bought for making and storing my own baby food . would for sure buy again .
i got this to keep at my parents house and it's great . nice price and my boys loved it . folds up nice too .
i love this , it's exactly what i was looking for ! works wonderfully in the bassinet or on the changing table .
didn't fit our oven because the handle was in the way . it would help if the product description included something about this .
love it ... this is my 3rd one , more cars , more kids , more seatsavers ! ! ! definitely a must have to save your seats !
using to keep favorite stuff animals attached to stroller . love the high quality of this item , was worth every penny !
i've used these many times and they are great for travel plus the bags have a nice clean scent which helps
my son loves the parts that sprinkle water . he puts it over his head and loves to watch it sprinkle really fun bathing toy
makes your nipples stop burning and takes down the swelling . best part is you can use them for almost an entire week !
the design is great for training a baby . quality is good , design is useful , price is great . will recommend to buy .
i bought these for my grandson who is just 1 year old . these are cute , durable and easily washable and best of all my grandson likes them .
works perfectly with a basic tall white step can from target . it's the perfect size for one load of diapers .
read how these were better than many of the other plastic-y ones for infants . works perfectly . our babies are 13 months and still doing the job .
okay , but i found that the colours fade after washing . also this product could be bigger , its a little small
my son loves playing with them specially the one that makes rattle noise . they are small and can easily fit into the diaper bag .
these are solidly constructed and quite durable , able to withstand long use . the nipple works perfectly with squeezing . altogether , a great product for new mothers .
bowl is made from a clear light blue plastic and is very tiny . this bowl in the picture is totally different .
it's great quality , and i really think it has a great wipe-able material . i am very happy with this purchase .
purchased for my 10 month old . he loves to push the car around the house . the popping balls make a great sound .
they shade and stick is great . i do wish they were a little larger to cover more of the window .
light weight and saving water design . my kids love to take a bath in it . and it is good for home use and travel .
so cuddly soft and pink ! i cannot wait to use these . i am impressed with the quality and the packing .
barely stayed on after a month or so . worthless . was too busy to return it and now definitely too late
according recommendation for all my friends that have babies ... it's the best brand to our babies ... i love it so much
our son likes to play with this because it makes a little rattle noise . he doesn't really chew on it but he sure likes to play with it .
my son loves to watch the water come out of the hippo's mouth and has saved his head several times . highly recommend .
it is not easy to clean , and usually pacifiers need to be cleaned several times a day , but this one is attached to the duck
this pattern is awesome ! very cute ! i have always been a fan of the paci holders ... sort of keeps things cleaner .
i always make sure this is in our baby's diaper bag . sometimes she gets fussy in the cars eat and playing this for her soothes her to sleep .
this is a great potty for infants.pros : - good size-gender neutral-unadorned-easy to clean-easy to storecons : - none
i tried it twice be gave up . i have sensitive skin and get rashes easily from plastic . end up getting the lansinoh ultra soft pads .
the blanket is soft and warm and we use it on our toddler's bed she likes it a lot . we have washed and it still looks good
this really helped out when we went back to see the parents . my 30 lbs 3 year found it comfy enough to sleep on .
perfect for on the go no mess very sturdy screw on top plus pop on cover perfect for toddlers love it
my son loves these . we played memory games and will soon learn the numbers and letter during tubby time .
i could not have survived nursing / pumping for the first 12 months without this . it was a life saver . comfortable and cute on top of functional !
this sheets are beautiful . soft colors , soft touch , comfy for a baby . they fit nicely in my nook pure mattress .
my 7 month old daughter likes this better than the solid balls as she can still this in her mouth easier . good toy .
i like the price of these as compared to some other stroller straps i saw online , so far they are holding up very well and doing the job .
but cuter colors and not free . in any case , these are straightforward pacifiers that do the job and doe it well . bpa free . love it !
fits perfectly ! this was perfect for my needs . i'd def buy another one if i needed it , but i'd def recommend this .
i bought this for my son when he was a newborn and it worked great - he always broke out of swaddle blankets .
looks stylish but it's too deep and not wide enough so it's hard to find stuff at the bottom . i loved the style but the practicality was not perfect
i love the pattern and feel much safer putting these in my daughters crib then a regular blanket . they're soft and small and just perfect !
got these for the daycare portable cribs , and i have no complaints . they are very soft and hold up to several washings well .
like most toddlers , my son does not keep his blanket on . this was the perfect solution for cold michigan winter nights . very warm and cozy
we like this a lot . it matches all the happi tree bedding . it puts out a dim light and its pretty .
its hard to assemble and doesn't stay put . would not recommend it if you can afford something better . i cant
my babe is exclusively breastfed and after trying other , expensive nipples , this one worked like a charm ! no further explanation needed !
need a place to dry all of our bottles . this does the trick . we are able to dry a ton of bottles on this rack .
could not even try it it didn't fit on our crib . looks like a good idea .
after i clipped it once pinched my baby's neck with this " pearls like " clip , i never used it again !
i works well in the dekor xl pail to contain the odors . it's great to not have to open the bag when you remove it .
this diaper bag was exactly what i was looking for . it is huge and holds everything i need for a toddler and cloth diapered infant for day trips .
the box is nice , good color , roomy and closes correctly but the hanger is so soft it is easy to loose it , pacifier and its box ..
happy with it , very easy to attach and can fit two drinks ( i suggest closed bottles ) and your phone and wallet or small toys .
we had one and i purchased a second to make my life easier ... vs . running around and constantly searching for the other one .
fits the summer infant changing pad a bit loose but overall it will work fine . soft material with a bit of a sheen to it
the quality is very good and easy to grasp , it is very suitalbe for new baby . the design is very good
want to solve all of your problems ? open the box , remove the bottle , throw bottle into trash . problems solved . refrigerator .
these membranes work as well or better than the medela brand ones . for the difference in price , it was worth trying them . so far they're perfect .
if you are mobile and always on the go and your child likes to throw and spit things , this is a great thing !
didn't use it as much as we thought we would . my daughter didn't enjoy them and they were kind of messy . the rubber stained easily too
this is a great , inexpensive item that does what it says it does . couldn't ask for more . just bought another one for my second car .
perfect for walks with my granddaughter easy to use easy to assemble good value for the price i would recommend this stroller
lots of little things in the packet . some rather cheap looking though . it was a nice surprise to the mom .
hola , espero esten bien , quiero compartir con ustedes que me encanta el producto excelente material , muy lindo diseño lo recomiendo
and durable - used this for our first kid and now the second one nuzzles perfectly in it too - very very durable and easy to use
great stroller toy or when you put them in the cart at the supermarket . he likes to move to the music .
fits nice and gives a new look to an old item and easily removes when it is time to wash
my go-to baby bath wash clothes . these are soft and gentle on baby skin . there are reasonable priced and super cute .
these did not fit on either of my standard size door knobs . i was unable to squeeze to turn the knob when they were installed .
not a great fit for small sinks . wideness leaves less room for my and my toddlers hands to be in sink at same time .
i cant get than many wipes with that size but its ok for traveling that you was to go lighter you can carry these as emergency wipes
i can not figure out how to use it . my baby was not comfortable in it . the price is too expensive . returned it in the end .
this $ 20 cup holder falls apart all the time . i've taken pliers several times to try to squeeze the links together to keep them from falling apart .
decent but not as roomy as i had anticipated . i cloth diaper and there really isn't enough room for everything i cart around . but it works
i like the cover with the bowls . you can store the food in refrigerate ， since the cover is closed . my daughter loves it too .
so easy to install and overall the best car seat base , the lever makes it even easier , so love it
pretty , soft blankets that don't shrink with washing and drying . i have four and love them for my new baby . would recommend !
baby loves to chew on these and i've had no problems with any of the other toys from green sprouts . washes nicely .
this lunch bag fits everything that my kid needs at daycare , match his backpack and got my home super fast .
it is what it is a drying rack . perfect after washing bottles & nipples . very convenient for moms , dad , nannies & care givers .
this tub was great , it is perfect for newborn to 6 months or more ! it is made very well too .
this feeder is difficult to clean . also i don't think my daughter cares for the mesh material . i think i'll try a silicone one instead .
i didn't use the flange part b / c it didn't fit in my hands free pump bra . i did use the tubes .
these are great for attatching to a stroller or high chair to keep toys within reach of you baby . they attatch easily and are washable too .
the gate is a little harder to install than some but is very easy to open . it is a good buy for the price .
i bought this blanket for a baby shower and it's excellent like all carters products . i'll buy more for next gifts .
my daughter who is 17 months does not mind us taking her temp with this . it is easy and quick to use .
this fitted sheet fit perfectly on our 3 " playard mattress . it is also super soft like jersey knit , t-shirt material .
these are great for when the baby spits up , you don't have to change the sheets in the middle of the night .
washable is amazing but i leaked through at nights when my son started sleeping more between eating . i'd recommend these 100 % still because they save a fortune
one of the best purchases we made ! my daughter loved to hold these and it helped with teething , linking , everything
like this car seat because my son looks very safe in it ! it is a little bulky for those with small car .
never thought i would get so excited over booger tweezers ... then i had a baby . these things are great - a must-have !
already bought 3 of them ( one for my 1mo baby and the others for friends ) and i am going to buy 2 more for other friends !
i guess it is okay but i haven't asked the person using it . it looked like it was of good quality .
not too loud.there area lot of songs , a little too short but a lot.not too loud as expected.my son loves it
what can i say about these ? they do what they're supposed to ... hold diapers . they're refill bags . what more can i say ?
my 14 month old daughter took to these perfectly . she loves to show off on how she can feed herself . perfect .
it's adorable , the perfect size for grandma to carry in her purse and easy to update with new photos to proudly show her friends .
i had a hard time finding fitted oval bassinet sheets . these ones are made of a pretty thick material , are very soft and fit great .
my daughter absolutely loves these keys . she loves to hold them , eat them , throw them . great quality ! good colors . great teether !
my son loves loves loves this pillow ! ! i had to buy two more for back up . its lightweight and comfortable . very soft ! great product !
love the halo sleepsacks but couldn't find one in store that was for a girl and not pink ! love the colors on this one
easy to use and clean and love that they are reversible . they def accomplish the job was hoping they would
we've used many many sippy cups . this one leaks everywhere . i would definitely not recommend it and will not be buying more .
i recommend this item . it is super cute and great for bath time . you won't be disappointed ! buy it and try it ! ! !
easy to carry room to room . she loves the vibration . the toys keep her eyes busy and it's easy to clean .
i thought this was going to be a lot smaller . my daughter doesn't really care for it and prefers to suck on her fingers instead .
cute looking sleepsack . great for a girl . fleece is heavier and warmer than the cotton version , so we bought it for the winter .
i bought this for my travel guava crib , and it works great ! very soft and thick for comfort ! love it !
i loved it but it wasn't as useful for teething . it was useful for my daughter to squeak and play with .
installed easily , works well and protects the leather of the car . didn't really want it to do anything else . it hasn't shifted or moved .
my doula recommended these and we love them . we have ordered several more including glow in the dark ones ! ! a great buy .
it worked well while it worked but it broke within about 2 months . there seems to be some leakage in the pump . disappointed .
it's very cute and modern but spout was just too hard and didn't carry enough liquid for long days at park or in car . never used it
my son loves these balls ! and i love them because of the different textures and colors . great set and great prices !
love this - the most organic changing pad i could find that's also padded . the sides help keep baby from rolling off
the blanket is very soft but every time i use it i have to get thefuzz off the baby . it sheds on everything !
it fits pretty much all types of cups and bottles ... from a water bottle to a coffe cup . a must if you have the explory stokke
great grovia diaper shell . we absolutely love the hybrid system . the pattern is great and looks good for any gender .
these are very handy for freezing and measuring snacks however the lids break easily . they lasted about 6 months of everyday use .
we've only used this for tummy time and love it ! it has the perfect color combination for young babies . it will grow nicely with my son .
does not help at all . too small for the car windows ( tried in two different cars ) and too clear to stop the sun .
great color and looks so cozy i want to sleep on them ! goes nicely with our white crib . good buy !
a gift that has yet ti be used though living in florida they assured me it would be very handy to have in a few months .
this is a great , small , secure and lightweight stroller . the price-quality ratio is great . i'd definitely buy another maclaren if i needed to .
if you are looking to decorate in dr . seuss theme , i definitely recommend this shade , it is super super cute !
the color is lovely . it is soft and easy to clean . the lid is tight and no leak . good product !
this is a simple hamper that works just like we wanted it to . the pattern is nice and not too flashy . holds a good amount of clothes .
i like it . it is very firm and fits my washable play yard very well . i can also use it on my floor for baby tummy time .
works as expected , and the clip to attach to things is sturdy and stays attached . i have a booginhead clip too and i prefer the ulubulu .
good durable bag and dries quickly , but it kept falling off the wall , no matter what i tried to do to get the sunction to work properly .
bg diapers are some of the best on the market . they fit well , are made of excellent material , and have an awesome resale value .
my 11 - month-old can easily remove these protectors , making them worse than useless--they're actually an additional hazard . buy something else instead .
baby loves the mirror ... i wish i got it sooner because she grew out of it shortly after i got it - she was 7 months already !
i love the shape , color , non toxic paint . it works great for our baby . it is sturdy and also easy to move around .
my daughter is a preemie and she does very well with these pacifiers . they are easy to keep in and soft enough for her to use .
the plastic is really hard . i was hoping it would be a little rubbery but it is not . the different textures on each key is nice .
don't bother buying this . it wouldn't stay on my toilet or keep it closed . it just kept falling off . pointless .
this is an attractive color and doesn't show any stains when the baby spills on it . slight chemical smell which faded .
i love these spoons . great prive and quality . soft so it doesn't hut my baby gums and i love the temp indicatior
this is a basic crib sheet . it is just as the picture shows . it fits the crib mattress we have just fine . no complaints .
fits great , great stability ... currently using as a boost on our vintage high chair because she slides out ... fits perfectly under the tray !
everything perfect , i love them , they came both of them and they are very nice ! i will buy more ! thanks
very sturdy hardware , easy to use , everyone should have these . thanks for the great reviews for helping me see these straps were the ones to buy .
i really appreciate being able to pump directly into the bottle . i didn't notice a decrease or increase in gas . i would recommend it .
son loved this bag , carrying this bag is very appropriate , carrying back home , ha ha , i feel this bag can also be done better .
these work great for keeping prefolds on . they are , in my opinion , easier to use and safer than diaper pins .
fabric is really thin , but soft after washing the first timei keep these in the kitchen because they're great for wiping baby's face after meals .
my baby is so entertained by this . he will lay there and look in the mirror and play with the hanging toys for quite a while .
i thought parents were crazy when they raved about the wubbanubs but they are a lifesaver and a must have !
my lo loves this little guy . there are several different textures to keep her interested and soft enough for when she tries to eat him .
a high quality jersey sheet . we only used them for a few months , but not because of the quality ( we coslept more often than not )
durable spoons . hold up well in the dish washer . easy to feed little ones . i would recommend this product to friends / family .
first couple of days it was constantly falling down , but something happen later on ... it doesn't fall anymore , keeps all the toys inside .
our 4 month old loves this . she if stares at it with amazement . i think it feels pretty well made so i'm happy overall
high quality mattress compared to the crap i've seen out there . i want my infant sleeping on the best and it seems to be that !
the only issue we had was the powder formula getting stuck to the container but other than that it served its purpose .
tubule dangerous for a child ! it can bite and swallow e . comfort ceases to be unnecessary when overtaking danger . no buy !
i bought this for my grandaughter - its her favorite teether - its very soft and well made - i'd recomend this for all teething babies
it holds socks , mittens and bibs . really usefull good product . i just put into my laundry and dryer . it can be holded from anything
super comfortable and fits the body perfectly , every little nook and cranny was considered in the design of this pillow .
i do not like this product . i thought dr brown's makes good products but i am disappointed with this one .
granddaughter loves ' em . colors bright , plastic is soft , and they fit easily into her hand.would make a nice baby shower gift too .
this is a must have for any mom . love it . i bought a chevron cover with minky on one side and it is perfect .
my baby loved that ! sleep on that frequently .. good to rest your arms after hours trying to make your baby sleep .. good product !
it is large , but seems stabile and sturdy . easy to adjust the straps , and take off the cover to wash .
great product . i dry it in the drier and the sheet still fits the co-sleeper mattress .
my baby boy play with it all the time without any danger ! he enjoy the brigth colors and its form .
my kid loves it she crinkles it in her hands and loves to pull the string and chew on the spine . all around favorite soft book .
bought it for the first time . me and my wife are very happy with our buy for the price we paid .
i love them . they make using prefolds a breeze . where are my diaper pins ? ? ? lol ! i appreciate this creation . ,
great buy . size is excellent , taller sides are a wonderful safety design . the nojo changing table covers fit as if custom made .
my wife and i , love the onesies.for my new baby born im so happy . thank you so much donna
these have a very strong odor . i like the disposable option but i feel like you have to air these out especially as they're touching your baby's skin
these swaddles are soft and baby responds well to getting snugged in . one is solid pink and the other , flowered print . highly recommend these .
it is very good quality but i have bought others and they do the job for half the price . it was more to make it match with the plate
very good , again after the will . like baby , my family and i are very happy . thank you for such a good commodity .
these are nice but they look like they are used slightly . the patterns are adorable as displayed in the picture posted .
i would use this while not pregnant ! it is considerably large but there is still room for husband in the bed . its easy to get comfortable .
these go on in two seconds , and are easy to slide over or remove . they are very effective , and don't scratch the wood .
the toy is very colorful and fun . my baby like the balls much . not the stand . he is playing with them everywhere .
i absolutely love this pillow ! ! it is super adorable i have a few months to go , but i cant wait to get to use it ! !
hate them - they are way too wide for my baby band he won't eat with them . they sit in the drawer
these rubber pacis are the only ones we use .. since two months old ! he loves them . he won't use any other kind .
works well ! i just wish it held more parts . i would get more use out of to that way . thanks !
nice changing pad . easy to wipe and clean off the surface if anything leaks through the cover . i would buy it again .
baby love , heat preservation performance is good , is worth to recommend ， high cost performance ， beautiful patterns for female baby 。 this is a fantastic product
love it ! at home , on the go - small babies to my 2 year old ! i recommend this to all my mommy friends :)
item as described . like having a 6 pack of the super soothies - since my baby loves to throw hers on the ground so much .
good quality and thickness . doesn't quite cover the entire side of my crib because of shape of ends . does stop baby from chewing though .
these are the cheapest i found these and they worked just fine with my medela pisa ! replace regularly to keep your suction up !
this is great for a chunkier baby ! the bumpo didn't last very long with my daughter do to her thick thighs .. this works great !
this was a hit . fun ! i ordered this for a little granddaughter visiting . sesame street is a great theme for grandchildren as it is gender-neutral .
fits our trash can perfectly and is easy to clean for those loads of dirty diapers and washcloths . no hassles !
they work great ! not much to say about outlet protectors . they are easier for adults to get out than the old style plug protectors .
it was very easy to put on the b-agile stroller and works very well . it is not too bulky and the stroller closes easily with the organizer .
great ! i was pleased with this purchase . as expected . nice and sturdy . does exactly what it's supposed to . not really much to review .
within 1 week the timer quit working . the unit still works fine , i just have to set my own timer .
bought for a friend who recently had a baby ! she has let us know many times how much she and her baby love this item !
tons of room . easy to just throw stuff into it.lots of pockets to keep things . worth the price but around $ 40 would have been more reasonable .
both daughter and daughter-in-law received this item as a gift from me . both were very appreciative and after months of use , not one complaint .
talk about a lifesaver ! fits in my purse and i always have it with me ! this has been a huge help during this potty training time !
i love these i usually use it for oatmeal . they come with lids too ! i also like the colors they come in .
exactly the same as the set that came with my new pump , so easily interchangeable . came pre-sterilized and ready to use !
lo recomiendo 100 % , buena calidad , es antiresbalante , apropiado para niños , recibido a tiempo y en excelente estado . buena compra , satisfecha
i love this for my baby . it plays great little tunes for her , is cute , fun , lights up and plays long enough for each song .
one of my favorite bibs . i have it in purple and pink . very soft and easy to clean . highly recommend .
i recently ordered this high chair for our six month old daughter . i like the colors as they blend in with my home decor . very great value .
the wipe warmer has been working great for a few weeks . our baby really enjoys the nice warm wipes . a must for cold weather .
this temperature reading on this camera is about 3 to 4 degrees higher than the temperature actually is in the room .
really just an ok thing . our kid never really got into it . i'd probably go with a sound machine , something that doesn't go in the crib .
these were a much better fit for larger breasts than the 24mm ones , and even the 27mm . i am an e cup .
ive only been using this for four months and it has held up well . it is very soft to the touch . which is important for a baby
this mirror is a life-saver - i love checking on my son in the backseat and making sure he's ok .
but a little small . i'm afraid my son migth actually try to swallow it if he can get the whole chicken wing in his mouth
i really like this but it does not fit my graco day to night pack n play well . it makes the middle bunch up a bit .
very firm . good quality . the only drawback is the mattress should be a little bigger minimizing the amount of space around it when placed in the crib .
this toy plays several tunes . the toy lights up with various colors as each tune plays . it is easy for an infant to hold .
it does what it says . my avent bottles are travel ready with these discs.if you have avent bottles , these are a must .
hands down the best bibs , the neck catches spit up and other messes saving you from changing outfits at every feeding .
this is most helpful if you have a toddler who likes to pitch items when something more exciting comes along !
es buenisimo , super comodo para bañar a mis nenas , lo recomiendo 100 % . no mas dolores de rodillas.esta bueno que se cierra con unos imanes.calidad muy buena
i have been using this for a year now and keep purchasing them . they are strong and big enough to even fit a couple of wet diapers .
my daughter wont use pacifiers , so i clipped this to my calendar , tied a pen to it , instant great new use !
this is a huge bug net and is big enough for a bob stroller . snags easily but does its job .
product is as described . this one is made in the usa vs switzerland.shield is flimsy , but easy to use
we liked the feel and the firmness of the mattress . our baby sleeps well on it , so happy with the product so far .
my baby loves it , it squeaks no matter where you squeeze it and it is very soft and easy to old .
i switched these from the basinette , to the infant carrier to the stroller all the time.really cute how my son would focus on them .
my 2.5 month old daughter used this toy constantly to grasp ... its attractive and long enough . teh colors are nice and its a tall toy ...
these bags worked just as well as any of the other brands i've used . the were easy to open and close , plus they didn't leak or spill .
i love these . they are very easy to use . they are extremely soft for the baby's face and provide nice padding . i would recommend these .
our pediatrician recommended this brand but the colored ones ( pink ) are harder plastic than the original green ones . i'd purchase the green ones instead .
i just love this mat , sturdy and easy to clean . i recommend this to any parent .
very easy to use and you don't have to bake them ! very please with this purchase . i gave them out as gifts
love the royal blue color . maybe it shrank a little ? i'm not sure , but it's a great fit on our baby's mattress .
we use these in the drop-in and ventaire bottles . the faster nipples caused baby to choke . we wash them in the dishwasher and they've held up well .
a little too wide , have to fold it over a little , but man do they make it easier to wash the poopy cloth diapers !
this set is very good . great price great quality . perfect for my son's hair . makes his hair manageable . i would definitely recommend it .
my son loves this thing ! it took him a second to figure it out , but now he carries it around all day .
i bought this along with the memory book happi baby girl .. they both are great quality , cute awesome designs so i would definitely recommend this to anyone :)
i'm so happy to have extra parts ! it makes pumping that much easier and take the hassle out of having to clean up after each time .
this is the easiest solution for keeping your stroller seat clean ! it looks very nice and modern and is way easier than removing stroller seat fabric .
three stars because these diapers work . however , the same size , unbleached diaper from cottonbabies is a lot softer and less expensive .
this is very handy and practical . i can strap it anywhere easily and attach toys to it for my little one .
these things wear out so fast for some reason - so this is absolutely a must buy , and it's a great deal !
this is a must for your boon lawn countertop drying rack . it helps to hang pacifiers or nipples for drying .
great base that goes with the baby trend expedition infant car seat . car seat snaps in and out of this base with ease . great product !
very well made ! i have washed this twice ( laid out to dry ) & it has not faded or come apart in any way .
i bought the duck towel set . its very nice and a great product . i love how my little girl looks wrapped in it .
love this highchair and love the brown seat .. way more modern than the traditional looking stuff and this is a breeze to clean . so easy !
somehow it is a bit tricky to fold ... otherwise , it works great ! we use it for high chairs in the restaurant ! easy to wash !
this is the best sippy cup to start with . my 9 month old started using this around 5-6 months old .
i put it in the freezer when she is teething and it works great !
a babyproofing staple , these outlet plugs stay in there . they are hard for even me to remove , which is a good thing .
too small . it felt worthless for what i wanted . i ended up buying a 12 " 7.5 " tall wedge with memory foam that is a lifesaver !
does the job . helped us get gates mounted at the top and bottom of the stairs so now everything is secure .
it is a great bowl ! my favorite from all we have . it is a bit pricey but worth it . i probably will get another one .
i love thirsties ! especially how the inserts just agitate out in the wash . i also love the gussets on the sides to keep things in .
bright starts license to drool teether , pretty in pinkgreat for your little princess who is teething .. keeps them happy
stick pretty well , fits well , would seem to protect any injury if someone were to fall against the corners . definitely recommend
my daughter likes this because it's easy for her to operate but my wife doesn't like putting it together . not too bad for the price .
i use these on my madela pump with no problems ! they are a good bargin compared to the name brand ones .
was a gift for a friend for her baby shower .. she was happy that they are bpa free . she loved them .
the price was right and the toothbrush works as described . the case sometimes breaks , but at the price , i don't mind replacing it every 6 months .
i love my boppy ! it has been my friend many nights nuzzling my wee one . my arms thank me for my boppy .
these decals are cute and easy to use . there is a lot of variety , which is nice . our nursery is going to be adorable .
the gate does not swing back , does not close by itself and only the bottom lock works
i used this everyday , all day , everywhere ! i recommend this and have purchased it for all my friends that have become new mothers .
great if you are making your own baby food ! the sizes are perfect and fit in the fridge so nicely , love them !
the cups we use are very similar to what is in the picture and the band works perfectly with our cups !
equal quality if not better than other more expensive brands . but this one , dont even look elsewhere ! cheap in price too !
these little gadgets are perfect for keeping your kids toys on their carseat or what ever mobile devise that they r on
this has been a great addition to our baby gear . it mashes pretty well and is easy to clean and is well designed .
my son loved to play and teeth on this . it had different textures and was easy enough for a 5 month old to hold .
this is the best excersaucer ever . so much to do and keep them busy and very portable ! ! ! worth the money
he loves these and if we lose them , which we do , who cares ? the price is right and i an keep some everywhere !
great inexpensive high chair . easy to clean and i like that the top has an insert that is easy to remove and clean .
my baby loves to chew and chew on these as she's teething . great for on the go used with the link a doos .
this worked very well for us with our newborn as a changing table and also a crib for naps during the day .
this hamper is very cute and good quality . it looks great in my baby's room and goes well with the matching sheets and lamp .
my son has several of the lamaze toys cause he loves them ! lots of colour , textures and things for him to play with .
the product was much softer than i expected and it was the perfect fit for my mattress that fits into a mini crib .
great ! it keeps my cats out by being too narrow and too tall . perfect for owners of small animals . kittens would still get through .
makes it so much easier when you can pump both sides hands free . it fit great and was easy to take on and off .
our daughter really liked this one . it is well made and kept her entertained . the clip is well desinged and we like it all around .
it is kind of ordinary quality . sometimes by baby plays with it , but i would not recommend it for a mom to buy it .
they would be useful if the size of the cubes would be twice bigger and deeper . 2 starts for the idea only .
great matress for crib or toddler bed . second one we've bought and absolutely no regrets buying for our two girls .
i actually put this in my 6 month old's room and he likes watching the stars , generally distracts him enough to get him to sleep .
bought this cutie for our little girl's stocking this holiday and we love it . this is the softest doll i've come across . she's perfect for snuggling .
these musical toys are easily moved from stroller to car seat to bouncy chair . entertaining to all of the baby's senses .
these nipples aren't as durable as i thought it would be . the nipple doesn't seal very well and the whole where the fluid comes out gets clogged often .
not bad ... but not as good as the firefly and the vibrating bug . i think these are all a matter of babys taste .
my son never really used this he wasn't a huge fan but it s was of good quality and other babies who came over get enjoyed jt
light beautiful design we have used it in many different locations and it is very easy to set up . another great bjorn product
it grips well on both ends , and the length is adjustable . it does it job well . i have no complain .
ive never seen the label on the bottom change . and ive tried it in extremely hot water ... waste of money
i really loved this and it really helps them learn . my kids both loved that blue frog and would just stare at it for hours
grandson grabbed it and played with it when he was in his early months of life . even now at 19 mo he'll handle it occassionally
both of my kids love it ! i just get nervous because my son ( 6 months ) keeps trying to eat it . :)
love it ! ! ! i do not have much to say about this product . it fits perfectly around . color is like the pic shows .
i love it when you buy something and it has multiple uses ! these nipples can be used with medela bottles as well !
these are the typical rubber replacement valves . it's good to have a few extras on hand . i appreciate that i don't have to replace an entire cup .
they are soft and light , great texture and small little bell inside , overall great buy for the little one to munch and throw around :)
this is really great and has saved me from having soiled bedding . high quality fabric , very absorbent , with a super cute design .
looks cute and keeps him clean . a bib my little one doesn't mind wearing and can be thrown into the wash .
soft , cute and keeps baby happy and occupied for a while . i wish these were arouns 7 years ago when my firstborn was a baby .
the tubing i have for my breast pump were kind of old so bought these to replace them . they work great and were pretty cheap .
clip works great ! great color ! booginhead pacifier holder , blue green stripe.will definitely buy more soon , just wish they had darker colors .
love this monitor , have been using it for 2 years now and still works great .
i got this for my arms reach bassinet and it fits great . its really soft and the animals are fun .
it is as described and much cuter in person . i cannot wait for my son to use this . would make an awesome gift as well ! :)
love this car seat , it is quite bulky but is easy to install and adjust . seems to be more secure than other seats i've used .
as a scarf its too short , as a nursing cover its not great . i'd just assume bring a traditional cover along .
my daughter is 6 months old and loves this toy . it keeps her occupied for quite a while and is easy to clean . great baby toy .
love it . fits comfortably around my baby's neck , no itchy areas . keeps him relatively clean . washes easily in the sink after each meal .
works great on both my babies . fits my 6 month old and 1.5 year old . makes bath time easy and tear free .
my 2 year old loves her dora step stool . it's the perfect size for getting on the potty , or washing her hands .
i thought this blanket was just ok . it is very thin and i don't think that it will hold up well in the laundry .
this is so cute ! feels good , doesn't look cheap and works really well ! my son will enjoy this product for a while .
this was great for when we brought our newborn home and weren't good at blanket swaddling . it was easy enough to use and sometimes she really loves it .
simple bottle , but heat preservation is good , son of the first hand is love , also recommend it to friends around , say good
we've been using it for a week and so far , he hasn't soaked his back like he used to . i think this is a keeper !
stores away when not in use and easy to bring out and set up . love the gate opening makes it real easy and accessible .
i bought for my grandson and it is adorable . nice base and well made . arrived in perfect condition . i would highly recommend this .
works well in making the edges of the play mat smooth and doubles up as a teething toy for our son who loves to remove them
i personally like this boppy cover , i don't use it under another cover and it works well for us and our needs
this has provided the intended use for which we purchased it . it is not complex to install . it also is rather sturdy .
for installing with gate that its not flat . its a soso product . because u cannot adjust the length . maybe i do it in wrong way .
this is a very trendy blanket for my little grand-daughter and her mother . the whole bedroom and baby accessories are in those colors.she loves it .
nice and roomy ! i love this keepsake box ! can fit a lot of memories to come ! def good buy ! would buy as a babyshower gift !
i found i liked other product designs better and we really didn't like the aquaduck color selections . just not my favorite product .
these are smaller than the munchkin ones but about the same price . they're fine , i use them , but i'd prefer the larger ones for my money .
it is a simply , fun toy for my baby to play when he is in the water . i bought another one for my friend !
its cute & baby likes looking at it , but it doesn't lull him to sleep & the material just seems cheap .
these are excellent burp cloths and general rag options . we still use them to try our daughter's little bum at one year . good purchase .
this mattress is great . it's nice and firm for my baby and will fit nicely into his toddler bed when he gets older .
i love the quality . i have not used it yet but i'm sure i will love it when i give a bath my little boy .
such bright colors with a happy star face on this soft blanket . it is a nice hand held size for baby and washes well .
what were they thinking ? the tray is so high it blocks my baby's view . duh . he can't even see or reach the snacks .
decided to try these out after a recommendation from other mommy friends . these have been a lifesaver for soothing my teething daughter
bought this for my wife , seemed pretty cumbersome and the baby didn't fit in real well . so , i don't know , go ask my wife .
beautiful octopus for babys to enjoy . my baby loves it ! it came with songs and both languages ( spanish and english ) . nicety done ! highly recommend
easy to assemble and lots more room than our previous one so able to fit all bottles and pacifiers . looks good and love that it spins .
well made , i'm confident it's a good mattress . couldn't beat the price - living in alaska this same mattress is almost double .
it seems like a nice seat cover but it did not fit my graco car seat . i have the my ride 65 converitiable car seat .
this thing rocks . if you are questioning the purchase of one - you will not be disappointed . very happy i found this !
i should have bought the bigger one because my baby scootches off of it . other than that , it does catch bathroom debris pretty well !
this is so soft and cute . can't wait to put them on our little girl . and the print is adorable .
cut 2 holes out of old sports bra . voila ! a cheaper , better fitting , better looking alternative to this overpriced product .
easy to hold , right after i ordered them someone gave me a nail / grooming kit , so now i have extra , but that never hurts .
very soft and fits the crib perfect . she loves the texture and sleeps like a baby on it as she is one .
i just have to put it in the tub ... for some reason my boys just wanted to play with the balls outside of the tub .
needed this gate for french doors . i was not able to directly attach a gate to the wall so this tension gate worked perfect .
love the . catch everything nicely , thin enought to fit on the diaper without habe to fold it between there legs . favorite brand by far .
love this simple item ! like i said very simple , very handy and keeps the water hot for long time . would definitely recommend it to a friend !
love these blankets . they are so soft and our baby girl loves being wrapped in them . plus , they look nice , too !
its very nice product , i love because its like a real whole its not heavey weight and good quality , i recomemded
i love this changing pad cover , the colors are true to the picture and it is very soft to the touch .
my daughter loves this ! very high quality , she pretends to eat and loves taking her food out of the bag and then back in .
what are you waiting for ? if you have a bunch of baby bottles ore sippy cups this thing is great .
it is too hard . my baby doesnt like it . the comb is of cheap quality and scratches , i guess you get what you pay for !
these are great . keep in mind that you should replace these every so often . just order two or three at once .
nice size towel and rags but after a wash in the washing machine the towel still left little fuzzies on my son .
i really love these spoons ! they are perfect for little mouths because you can " scoop " the food into their mouths !
i love all avent products , so easy and wonderful cant go wrong with them.they are just the best.highly recommend to all mommy out there
this is our second blanket ( for our second fussy baby ) , and it is the most important part of our baby accoutrement arsenal . hands down .
great cups ! ! i bought several ! ! they can withstand anything my 2 year old destroying maching can dish out . buy several !
of course boppy is the best pillow , but this is a perfect cover for boys . it has two sides as well . doesn't fade in machine .
the cover is a must have . not crazy about the pillow but if you get the pillow it would be unbearable without this cover .
love this product ! we use it at least twice a day and is very useful if you don't have a dishwasher
like all this brands products i am impressed on how well they work and the quality of the product at a great price .
i ended up switching to disposables unfortunately since these don't have a liquid proof barrier they are too easy to leak through .
needed cover for cloth covered dining chairs for toddler seating . found it's great for all chairs . just cleans right up . thanks .
they are very padded and easy to put onto the table . they feel very secure and i feel much more comfortable with baby being around the table .
wonderful product for washing babies in the tub - - holds quite a bit of water and is soft so can't hurt baby or break if dropped .
two of them crinkle and two of them rattle ! great colors , tags and corners to grab , and easy to squish .
i love the nuk bottles . just ordered the medium flow nipples to use with my existing bottles . they work fine .
this product does the job just fine . it also seems to be pretty comfortable . its easy to clean as well .
save yourself some loads of laundry and just change out this instead . keeps your crib bedding clean longer and super soft !
perfect and save you nights ! ! baby can sleep and breath.this is fantastic ! ! ! i have bought more than one and as a gift for my friends
i really like those . they are soft , have the perfect size for babies mouth and are easy to clean .
it was very cute giraffe prints . it is perfcet very well with colthes diapper no leak . easy to washed and dryed fast .
comfortable seat and nice design . not much else to say ... my boys love their seats and they do the job !
i love this wrap . it is super soft , fits great , and it looks great too . much more attractive than the rubber or plastic rail guards .
part of the problem with dr . brown bottles is all the extra parts . this basket keeps all the small parts safe in your dishwasher .
i had bought this for my daughter who is 20 weeks along and after trying it out i may order one for myself ? ? ? worth every dollar !
important to have this product . it is incredible usefull , it is easy to carry anywhere .
great product , as expected by aden by aden . i was a fan of its swaddle blankets , so this was a no brainer .
great sleeping bag for the summer months . nice design and easy to use . i like how it zippers down v . up the sack .
our baby had colic . we switched to dr . brown's and presto , no more colic . great product . thank you dr . brown's .
got this for my 3 month old . it fits great , still a littlebig , so it should be perfect for this summer . super cute !
turns out i was wrong . it's bulky , doesn't fit a standard wipes bag and the wipes dry out fast , only holds 3 diapers ... just blah .
my daughter loves this potty seat and it has really helped with out training . it folds up so we can take it everywhere we go .
my local babies-r-us and target stores did not carry size small . this is great for smaller ladies , since the medela pumps come with size medium .
... of elevating the co sleeper properly . beware of using too many to bring the co sleeper up higher because you will lose stability .
the bumps on the teether seem too sharp , my daughter doesn't like this teether at all . we generally refrigerate it .
my 8 month old likes them a lot . she likes to touch them and looks at the different patterns . very colorful and soft to touch
got these for my cousin so i will give them at her shower ! we do not yet know gender , but they work for either :)
nice little teething toy . not sure what else to say except its a nice little toy to keep our 6 - month old busy for a few seconds .
they are just the perfect size to fit under baby without being bulky . match sheets and blankets perfectly . soft and wash easily .
great for eye development . catches baby's attention . easy to grab . makes a pleasant rattling noise . also ... apparently fun to mouth while teething ...
these were a great alternative to regular bumpers - a bit pricey but well worth the investment - no more head bumping and no worry of suffocation
these are great . they are durable and can withstand many washes as well as doing their duty in keeping the mattress in pristine condition .
i like the contour style . this size fits my space well . it's soft and seems comfortable . so far i am very pleased with this pad .
the only issue is that i wish it could be pulled up when not in use . i love that you can adjust the length .
this was an absolute hit at my daughters baby shower . great price , great quality . a must have to make mom to be feel special
this little doll is way cute and just the right size for little ones . the skirt feels like chenille and my granddaught adores it .
this is super handy and fun to use . my preschooler and i enjoy making food together for his baby sister .
my 8 month old loves playing with theses toys both in and out of the bathtub ! great products great price !
perfect fit in the graco pack n play . soft material that washes well . it is a tad transparent , but that's its only downside for me .
purchased these for a friends baby shower , she just loved them . can't never have to many towels or wash clothes .
i don't use these as a security blanket since my baby has a lovey . however , these make great burp cloths . small , portable , and absorbent .
the design is simple but quite good enough to protect the kid studying walking , will lend it to my brother's girl .
my bottles weren't quite drying by just sitting on a towel . this is cute and does the job . love it .
if all you want to hear is static , buy this monitor . everything interferes with it . one of the worst baby products we've purchased
strong pacifier holder that never comes off and does not indent clothes . wish we would have had it from the beginning . buy this one !
i love these brushes for cleaning out baby bottles . i have tried many other brands and they don't even compare to this one .
the sheets are very soft and fit my standard crib mattress perfectly . i have added them to my registry because i want more of them .
fisher price just recalled this product for mold related problem . check consumer recall site . don't buy it before you check .
it holds everything and is very comfortable to carry . the attachments for the stroller are awesome and the built in wipes are very handy !
works well most of the time . sometimes more than one wipe comes out but overall it works well . love the look of it .
i am disappointed with the quality if this item . i have two and they both looked old , faded and worn after the first wash . not happy .
my daughter loves these bottles . she can drink from them easily and has had no problems with them so far .
these are the only pacifiers my breastfed son will take . i think the shape is easier for breastfed babies ' mouths to make the transition .
ideal for family with limited storage space , or those who often travel . i use frequently outdoors , easy to set up .
my grandson loves the owl . so many textures and colors . his room has owls as one of the features . this fits right in .
i like these a lot , my only complaint was that they didn't come with any screws so it was irritating to have to go and buy those .
i love the design of this changing table . i used it with another changing table i saw recommended on another review , and it is working fine
we didn't try it yet , looked ok but came broken so we had to return it . quality looked good otherwise .
love these bottles so much ! zero complaints . very durable . my son , who is very picky about his bottles / sippy cups , loves them !
i bought the wrong one . i was supposed to get the stainless steel one . therefore , this is a wrong purchase .
great hangers , especially for the price . received 1 - white , 1 - blue , 1 - pink , so a good mix . thick and sturdy .
these things are ridiculously large . it looks like parachute underwear ! i'm sorry to say we never ended up using them .
i use it all the time it is awesome so soft and washable . i will buy more , love the quality .
we had a normal spout and this thing just slid right off so didn't really serve its purpose . it was cute floating around in the bath , though !
keeps my baby warm no matter which way he turns . i absolutely love this product , and my baby does too .
functions as described . very durable as what you expect from oxo . i would definitely this buy again for my son .
i did a lot of research to finally find an infant spoon made in the usa with soft-bite tip free of toxins .
theses bottles leaked pretty bad . so badly that i sent them back . i read great reviews and the bottles were heavy and the tops leaked .
adorable stripes , fits two pacifiers inside , the little handle lets you attach it to other things , great pattern , would buy again .
this changing pad fits wonderfully on my ikea changing table . our son is a fan also he will lay up there and kick and play .
baby fingers stick between ball and the frame :( ( watch out for that ... i did not know why she was crying ... he fingers got caught
the quality of the crib was great ! ! ! but it did not come with instructions and alot of the screws were missing ... terrible
i thought this was cute . it doesn't have a lot of special stickers and things like that , but i liked it .
this fit just perfectly in our stairway space . did order the larger one and realized it was a tad too big . quick shipping as well .
i bought this when my baby was six month old . she is 13 month old now , using it as a feeding chair . totally worth the money
this really comes in handy when its not possible to use a stroller , or for some extra excersise or warmth for your baby
this is a great drying rack for bottles , and other items that are related to bottle products . it looks good and is the right size .
i bought this blanket to match our baby room deco - the blanket is a little thin but cute and matches without having to sue the comforter . .
this wasn't on her wish list but every new mom needs a bottle cleaner and this one came with a handy nipple cleaner too .
my 1 year old son got bored of the regular pyramids but this one keeps his attention for more than a month now - he plays with it daily .
i use these with evenflo , dr . browns and medela . they work well . no fuss over the lids and the little poker chip thing .
this is the only teether my four month old likes ! we've tried different ones as well but this one is a home run !
i bought this for my husband because he likes the print . it was a perfect little gift for the ' dad ' to be .
these are so great adjustable to make shorter or longer and so soft and easy to wash . and not to mention cute
without going into explicit detail , i will say they worked for the issue that i needed them for .
i bought this for my husband who was in pain just using a towel . it serves its purpose but i just wish it was little bigger .
even so i am not nursing , i got this pillow and will help a lot when holding the baby because of my incision .
i love these bottles and these discs work just fine . i had the wide mouth bottles but apparently it doesn't matter because they are all the same size .
this bed rail does what it's supposed to for my son who rolls all over the place ! it keeps him from falling off and is sturdy .
a lot of fun ! cute , soft and educational ! a must have for any little boy or girl ! ! ! highly recommend this ! !
great product at a good price . i tend to use my large lifefactory bottles for pumping and storage . my daughter prefers the born free for feeding .
we love this teether . our daughter loves to chew on it . she bites the little ends . worth the 5 bucks .
this fan works great and serves its purpose but don't let your baby get to it because the paddles must rip right off .
love that there is no " wrong way " for baby to put in his mouth . also love that it is made in the uk .
works ok . doesn't always stay on windows . fallen off a few times .
i've been using these as an extra set for work . i can't tell any difference in performance between these and the oem medela parts .
i'm very happy with the changing table and found it very easy to assemble . we got some nice baskets to put on shelves to store stuff .
so cute in my son's nursery and the handles are terrific . a little when he gets older but perfect for now .
these were the same as the ones the hospital issued , only in pink . that is what i wanted , that is what they sent . perfect .
i read all the reviews and was very excited to receive this , but when we got it it leaked everywhere !
works exactly as it should . takes less than a minute to snap on .
my son is 5 months old and is the perfect age for this toy . he loves it and you can't beat the price !
i love lifefactory bottles . the reason i'm giving them 4 out of 5 is because the original cap broke really soon after my son started using the bottle .
love the look . it's very comfy and cushioned compared to most car seats . reinforced frame is what sold this to me .
machine washable and a cute way to keep her sucker with her . i'm glad we bought it and recommend it .
i love these , however the measurements are inaccurate . make sure you measure the water for the formula separate . other than that i love the convenience !
there's a 10 pack from a 3rd part seller that equals to about $ 2 a pouch after shipping . this isn't a bad thing to have on hand .
i cannot imagine trying to clean a nose any other way . this is easy to clean and only requires tissue paper-no buying of little foam thingies .
i love that these bottles feel so retro ! easy to clean and sterilize . plus they are compatible with the nipples / collars of the plastic avent naturals !
i exclusively pump breastmilk , and these make it a more pleasant experience . i use 36mm regular flanges and use size xl for my flang with pumpin pals .
great price easy to clean and fits great on full size play yards not just for crib mattress best pricing around
i like that this has more room than the standard rectangular graco pack ' n plays . it's easy to set up and works well .
thin but functional . i use them for both my son and myself . they are cute and they serve their purpose .
sturdy and flexible bristles , comfortable handle and i love the fact that my face doesn't get sprayed with water while bottle washing .
i liked these liners rewashable but take it from me do no dry they totally melt . i did like them though
my daughter loves these cups . especially the ones with the faces . she loces animals so these are the way to go . a big hit !
i love this , i have two thristies snap duo wraps and i use them very often , they are durable and adorable !
the soundspa works well in our room for the baby at night . it gets pretty loud and has a good variety of sounds .
this is great to take along . the music isn't annoying and has two sound levels . baby ( 5 mo ) likes the sound and lights .
this is still a fun toy . the only thing i didn't like was that the pole actually comes unscrewed very easy and doesn't stay snug in the base .
one of baby's favourite toy ( and mummy's also ) . good quality , fun , and cuddly . baby likes to chew on the feet .
attractive , easy to hold , feels good to chew on . very good beginning teether for infants . i have given it to several grandchildren .
this product it is ok , but from 6 months and up.cover until my newborn neck.material and quality are ok .
perfect for daily light use stroller . love the tray for toddler and cup holder for parents . very light easy to open and fold it .
great basic change pad - sturdy and durable , which is exactly what we were looking for when it came to a change pad .
i bought these for my 6 month old who loves the bath and she loves these toys .
my 8 month old grandson loved this toy especially . it's very well-made and reasonably priced with lots of colors and textures .
it's perfect for cold or raining days , i recommend this product for those windy days , cuz the baby is warm inside
if you look to attach toys or anything else to the stroller car seat or else this product is your friend i just love it
we needed an extra base for our baby's at seat . this is just what we needed . it's the same base for all the baby trend car seats .
looks pretty good quality and that it will hold up well . but a little bit pricey . would be great if they sold a bigger value pack ?
nice colors , good quality , ironing easy , love it , i am so happy with this product , and i use it alot
these soak up pretty much any spill or spit up very well , and i really have no complaints about them . just find them a bit pricey
quality was above my expectations . very colorful . material soft and easy to care for . would recommend to others . thinking of buying for a gift .
these swaddle pods are a lifesaver ! we love the velcro sacks for older babies , but these are perfect for newborns .
i've been using snappis since i started cloth diapering . they are a must if you are using prefolds . they are easy and durable .
this is such a fun toy . my baby has a blast playing with it . it is great to have when you need / want a quieter toy .
darling pacifier ! it is functional as well as precious ! i think every little , " princess in training " should have this pacifier !
so easy to use . absolutely perfect for pacifiers or even toys . a must have accessory simply because it's so practical ! highly recommend !
love this so very thick and plush and nice and large ... dries little one quickly very absorbent , we love it !
i love these sleep sacks ! they are perfect for my son who hates having his arms covered . we have two in each size !
we love these spoons as they are less messy than any others and fit baby's mouth perfectly . a must have !
great noisemaker that will rain in several different ways . love the ball portion that makes it easier for baby to hold onto and to chase around .
good to have when cleaning baby bottles , toys , pacifiers in the dishwasher . keeps them from falling to the bottom of the machine .
we never get any smell and we keep it just for pooped diapers . it is easy to use , practical , compact and nice .
we used it to link small toys and dolls to everything from their car seats to walker . i also use them in the closet to hang items .
i tell all new parents about this product . it is simply they best item out there for swaddling . every parent needs one !
i love the ability to travel with each jar . i take my son to the nanny and its so easy to carry . i love this product .
great can't beat it . never a cold wipe on baby butt . will recommend to family and friends . just love it
for breast feeding mother this is a must . lifting baby without pillow will cause you lots of arm pain and numbness so well worth it !
it is good mobile .. i was expecting maybe a couple of lights at top ( moving part ) but is does the job ..
this is good for my boy . i love the rainbow color . but my boy doesn't like to wear it . it's a little tight for him .
we basically just use it around our christmas tree and it does the job . keeps the baby from pulling the tree down on herself .
my baby was a swaddle houdini . thought this would work but she hated it and it didn't help at all
our baby has a lot of fun on this . he likes to chew on the end peices also . good investment .
this does what it is supposed to do - keeps my daughters fingers out of the extra outlets in the power strip . that's a win in my book .
this was exactly what i needed to replace some of the solid lids where i've dropped full bottles of milk and only broke the lids .
these four ounce bottles were great . they are easy to clean , and they are a great value . i recommend this product to any parent .
i must be stupid because i could not get this thing on to lock ... it is that simple . maybe someone smarter then me has better luck .
easy to assemble on crib and looks nice as well as offering more safety and reassurance to myself and baby . love it !
wonderful product , super cute , and fits a days worth of formula . so much better than the munchkin one and so much cuter ! :)
we use these with our son , he guzzles down bottles with regular nipples and these help him eat a little slower .
this is my sons favorite blanket . he cant go to sleep with out it . i purchased several to have spare ones
if you want to preserve your mattress i highly recommend this product by a name you can trust . perfect for baby
this fits nicely . i also use it on my bob sport utility stroller . it doesn't fit the same on that stroller but its better than having two .
works as expected ! easy to install . would buy again . can fold stroller with this on as well , which is convenient .
i really like these liners , they fit perfectly in my gdiapers and so very rarely leak .
too small , didn't work on any of our cabinets . i returned them and replaced with better universal locks from buy buy baby .
its cute but my baby ’ s hand doesn ’ t fit in the monster mouth . she gets frustrated . it is still very cute .
can say anything more . my baby just loves it and i can get some break time to go to the bathroom or organize the nursery .
with my first baby ergo had an insert that was flat and more customizable than this 1 . i will be looking for that 1 on craigslist
cute little hamper , seems sturdy enough for what i use it for ( baby clothes ) . can't hardly beat the price , so i'd buy it again !
my wife love it.is exctaly what she wantsfor my new baby born im so happy . thank you so much donna
simply necessary to have this and this one is sturdy ! i have 2 !
this is perfect for a toddler and much better than just a nap sack . even my nine year old slept on it the other day .
i returned this item . maybe i didn't give it enough time , but my son couldn't get any milk through the nipple and became frustrated right away .
this is the best thing to purchase for packing babies ' powered formula . it is convenient and comes in handy when on the go .
these are super waterproof ! they contain leaks so that you don't have to wash the whole crib sheet after a blow-out . perfect !
this is a very helpful accessory for my stroller . i have two as i feel two hold my shopping bags more steadily .
accurate description , fast shipping , looks like it will work well . good price for the product and just waiting for my babe to arrive to use this !
these are ok for a new born theyy are small and thin . but they're priced cheap .
i had to buy this as a replacement for the one i left in a hotel room . it's so soft and a year size for my toddler !
this didn't fit my sons car seat so its pointless . we have a diono radian rxt which admittedly is a monster of a seat height wise though .
it fits in our summer infant changing pad great and the color is super cute - it brings character to the nursery
we love these when we are out and about . we even use them to cover the hotel toilet seat when we are away . great purchase !
it works well for my baby most of the time . she looks at it for a long time . seems very interested in it .
perfect for cleaning inside the tommee tippee bottle and any other bottles for that matter . great brush for any bottles
perfect pajamas for summer or winter . when its hot she wears just the sleepsack . when its cool she wears a onesie under .
we like the mattress and the fact that is eco friendly . easy to fit and take out of the crib .
the nuk is the only pacifier my son likes - he didn't like the fancier and more expensive ones . and the price is great !
have not put this bag to the test yet but will keep updating . it feels and looks great . very nice changing pad .
i so in love with this bib ! so great ! ! ! i recommended to buy ! you love it . . very easy to use !
the pages are a little more generic than i was expecting . but i still love the book and all the memories it will hold .
there's not much to say . it's a great product and i haven't had any problems with it .
does the job ! there isn't anything amazing about this item but it does the job and we're putting it to use with our newborn daughter .
i have purchased a few of these , including some that cost much more , and these are my favorite . easy to use .
works great . love it and the pattern . doesn't leak liquid . washes up in a breeze in the washer . also , withstands the dryer .
this is definitely one of the favorites . there are a lot of different textures , colors and some parts make crinkly noises as well .
my son loves to grab and teeth on these toys ! they help his toys stay in the stroller , car seat , and from his activity center !
as you can imagine babies are messy , so in order to save our boppy we invested in a protective cover & boy am i glad we did .
great way to make a soothie even better ! i wanna buy some more of those . pricey tho ! cute , fun and baby loves it !
infant granddaughter loves this ! ! so easy to hold and chew . very good beginning teether . would be a good baby shower or new baby gift !
my baby enjoys to kick it for hours ! ! ! nice music , lighs and ok volume.good price vs quality . i highly recommend .
color was very light and hard to see on the inside cover of books i placed my grand-daughters hand print .
i purchased this set when my son was 5 months old - and he is now 14 months and i am still using them !
love the color . very soft and looking forward to using it once the baby comes will order more if it fits the bassinet .
live these blanket , they are soft and thick just perfect for the canadian winter and soft natural color . i really love them !
i would say it is a must buy for every mother . wonderful product . i am so happy i bought it .
this toy is much fun ! so many different things and feels on one toy ! its so colorful and interesting ! def recommend
rubber is natural and feels more natural and this is too fast for a 2 month old if breastfeeding . nuk rubber orthodonic nipples are the best .
not happy with the quality . it feels cheap , low quality fabric . i am returning the item . i don't not recommend .
baby is happy in the bouncer while mom sneaks in a much needed shower . it soothes , keeps baby interested , and frees up my arms . :)
i love this mirror . makes seeing both my girls so much easier without having a separate mirror for each child .
my newborn did not care for this pacifier . then again he did not like any pacifier . i think it depends more upon your individual baby's preference .
fantastic product . this saved my husband and me from sleepless nights ( besides the baby waking of course ) . highly recommended for all parents !
these are very nice cups . i just wish my little boy would use them . i haven't found a cup yet that he likes .
although very basic my little one really likes this ball . easy for him to hold , and he loves the noise it makes .
this item works perfectly as intended . what else could i ask of it ? i righly recommend it . real good buy .
i love these bags ! they are economical , and environmentally friendly ( biodegradable ) . they also stack nicely in the freezer . highly recommended !
it works perfectly . can't complain about this product . keep my son in safety .
my little girl loves this . she can play and build her neck muscles while she can watch you do activities around the house .
my son loves them because they are fun and they bend 180 degrees to accommodate for his first eating try outs .
what to say about a changing pad ? it seems to be sturdy and the price is right . we are happy with it .
has quickly become our favorite crib sheet , will definitely order more . wish more colors were offered at the time i ordered .
i like these bibs a lot . they are soft and are good quality . my dd likes to chew on them .
very cute . very engaging too . my baby plays with it for a considerable period of time . the toy matches the product description completely . i love it
we got lots of use out of this one ! my little guy gets restless quickly but this kept him entertained . he would go nuts jumping in this .
i really like the one-piece breastshield because it's easier to rinse off while i'm at work . i keep the multi-piece breast shields for home use .
my little guy is entertained when i wear this necklace . i wear my hair up so i don't have a problem with it pulling my hair .
these are the best blankets for summer babes . we used them to cover her stroller , car seat , and for swaddling !
i purchased these so that i could pump directly from a medea pump to my avent bottles and it works perfectly .
looks fantastic in the nursery . good quality , easy to install . it was perfect for what we were using it for !
very large . very useful . recommended to store breast milk and reuse . you can use it directly with the breast pump .
the comforter is much softer and thicker than i thought based on the photo displayed . i am very happy with this purchase and highly recommend this bedding set .
my son loves playing with balls and this is just perfect . we stuck it to the patio window and he just loves it !
its the best night light i have used , and my child loves the wave of lights . look no further , you found the one .
we use this with the soothie pacifier and its been doing its job well ... a little on the long side and overpriced i think !
as other reviewers have noted this seat is small ! ! but works well for reflux babies who need to sit up after eating !
these bottles really help our little guy ! he was able to drink better from these bottles and spit up and burped less !
have just tried this brand and really like it.this toy has a lovely gentle bell in it . would recommend .
recommended to me by another mom and i saved almost $ 10 ordering it here ! ! ! it arrived just as hers did and as stated .
very nice frame for your little one's prints . larger and better quality than i expected . you shouldn't be disappointed if you order this frame .
nicest baby mirror we've had .. we've had 2 others from other manufacturers and the quality here was the best we've seen .
we used this for the first time this weekend . it is kind of hard to fold up , but it works great at covering the high chairs
my 2 year old keeps asking me to take the top off , finds it harder to get the food out than the snack-trap .
these are cute but very hard to get on . not stretchy around the ankle and no velcro or any type of opening .
made in china , don't want to trap my baby in her stroller with all those chemicals , looks cheap like it would rip quickly anyway .
this fits on the baby jogger city select perfect ! you have to use the biggest adapter that comes with it and it's a very secure connection .
gave as a baby gift . well received . really fun grouping . wish i had gotten one for my baby too ! lol
granted i am still pregnant and haven't used it this is my third pregnancy . i know a good carseat . it looks just like photo . d
so worth the price . i put mashed bananas or frozen baby food in them and let her chew away . it really helps with teething !
i bought this for my nursery . it looks great , was easy to assemble and i feel it is very comfy .
it's great for travel as long as it's just pee . luckily that's all my daughter has done in this ! very economical .
this has been the best thing ever . we have five different ones . highly recommend . one for all floors and cars . safe and adorable
the fav toy of my baby boy .. it's the one he can spend long time playing until he fall sleep . .
this pacifier clip is really cute and is not easily pulled by my baby , it's also easy to clean and seems to be safe
these are my favorite liners ! i have tried all different brands and these are the best by a long shot !
these are really nice diaper changing pads and are easy to wash . i recommend buying 2 sets for a total of six .
there is just no reason to make these items gendered . they are sexist and offensive ( to both genders ) . totally lame .
ball is rubber like and he loves to chew on it and clear ball has spinning thing he loves to watch it
this fits my chicco pack and play perfectly . i wish they were a bit thicker though . they don't really protect the mattress from spit up .
this is the cutest shape sorter i've ever seen . my nephew loves it !
we use this for diaper changes and naps . clip thing is hard to open , but we removed it and put a carabineer on instead .
this item is a good quality and i would buy it again . my one year old granddaughter plays with it a lot .
these labels are great . i put them on our bottle lids back in september and they haven't washed off at all ! great quality product !
the spoon is shallow , but the scald proof design to do good , not to hurt the baby , the price is very affordable
this is what you get in stores and again i got a deal online and this one fits perfectly and as described .
it is not safe when being made in china ( lead , pvc , ... found in product before ) . i will go for " made in usa "
good size to tuck baby . love the softness of the blanket . highly recommended for fall and spring time , when weather is moderate
colors match good . my baby loves to rip it apart . good price for something that covers a lot of space
does exactly what they're supposed to do and it's easy enough for me to pull them out when i need to get to the plug .
very easy to use and will make things very convenient for us ! electric does not seem as safe or convenient as microwave !
perfect for our needs . it has been used over the holidays . i feel ready to receive my grandkids . very glad i bought it .
this bib is especially practical with the plastic cover . it seems to protect well and washes easily . love those bibs .
i got this for my 4 months baby , and he loves it ... he keeps jumping and playing in it until he gets tired
this changing pad fits on our changing table snuggly . my baby seems really comfortable in it . i wish baby mattresses were at comfy as this changing pad .
love it love it just what my daughter needs for when she takes my granddaughter shopping with her . would buy again
covers nicely , but a little warm for my liking . love the color and boning . couldn't they make one out of muslin ?
we can't get enough of haba toys and this one is no exception . my infant daughter loved shaking and clacking it .
really like this , got for my grandson , he is potty train , but this helps him for sitting on the big potty and he loves it
this works great . i am afraid i don't use it as often as i though , but when i do , it does the job great !
i love these blankets . they are not too warm and are very big . they are perfect for my newborn who kicks his other swaddle blankets right off .
these are so sweet looking and very gentle . i wonder how well they will work when she has more hair .
it's a plastic , expandable toy holder for the bath tub . it works . it holds toys . it lets them drain . bada bing .
nice liners - they work great as a liner over the diaper insert . they help keep baby's bottom dry and comfy .
these were great for my newborn . she couldn't fit most cloth diapers , and this did the trick . these are 100 % better than the gerber brand .
this has decent sound quality . the noise reduction works well for filtering out unwanted sounds . the vibrate and beep features are also quite helpful .
baby's love toys like this from the front to back it's something to just stare at for baby's good coordination .
the rattle is not really a rattle to me but the different surfaces for my 8 month old teether is really good .
this is one of those useless baby items and i have bought many . i went with a container with a lid instead to hold my baby bottles .
love the thick cotton . washes very well and is nice and bright white . very pleased . i have 2 moses baskets and these are a must
i just received this bag . i'm so excited . there are tons of compartments and added pockets . i can't wait to use it .
did absolutely nothing for me , other than make my breasts more sensitive . they are too big to wear in public anyhow
this is the best bottle brush i have used so far . good quality bristles . have used for 3 months so far .
she really needs something with a wire so it's not laying on her face .
was hoping to get both yellow , green or blue . but ended up i get one red pacifier for my baby boy .
its very hard to put on the stroller and some strollers you cant fold them with it don't recommend it
works great and what a cool design . my daughter loves it and is very excited to wash her hands with it ( for now at least ! ) .
horrible ! ! ! it ripped at the seams the first time i tried to use it . disappointing ! manito sun shade is perfect tho ...
as grandparents with visiting little ones this was perfect . the sound clarity was excellent . we could all enjoy our time during baby's nap without worry .
this is a nice little rattle but ultimately pretty boring . my son abandoned it quickly and never really went back to it .
i purchased this for a pack and play that i bought second hand for my granddaughter . it fits perfectly and is plenty thick for infants sleep .
it was a great fit and worked perfectly with my medela breast pump . i have had no problems with it at all .
works very well with the momma bottles . reaches the entire interior and cleans them well . would definitely purchase this item again .
this is a great car seat . my son loves it . very comfortable and easy to install . seems to be very sturdy and safe . good reviews .
the best thing ever . omg no more crying from my son when he closes the door and can't get back in . my husband and i love them .
this mat is comfy when leaning over the tub but the suction cups don't suction . stopped using because i kept slipping .
does what it's supposed to do . son loves it . helps him with his gerd and in regulating his feedings . thank you very much .
we use cloth diapers exclusively and have only ever used this detergent and never had any problems at all .
these bibs are incredible and very absorbent . my daughter in law loves them . i have also ordered more of this product such as the hooded bath towel .
like this dishwasher basket - - fits quite a bit - nice that the nipples can go on the top . been pleased with it .
this is great as a diaper organizer . this is the second kind of organizer we bought and i can't say enough about how well it works
got this for a shower . don't know if they work . baby isn't even born yet . guess they will do the job .
we bought these 2 extension panels to go with our superyard wood gate about a year ago . we desired more room than what the superyard offered .
i use these on the changing table under a cloth diaper ! it works great . totally saved the covers . the material is sturdy and very waterproof .
they work well if you trifold them and place them with a cover ... but they are too rectangular to work well with pins or snaps
this adapter is very easy to use . it clips in and clips out of the baby jogger in one step . this makes transport very simple .
i find it very useful when i have to take milk or liquid with me that i don't need right away . fits gerber bottles too .
bought this a while ago and i am still using it today . works well and keeps the bath tub tidy , great buy .
this works perfect for the nursery and the organization . the only thing is that you cant pick the color you want .
this playtex 3 pack bpa free ventaire 9 ounce wide bottles are for my grandson and according to my daughter are perfect for him .
they are cute but they are small and then when you wash them they shrink . one of them warmed up the baby last night .
it is good enough for the diaper bag . it's small and convenient . i would recommend getting a baby nail file with this as well .
very sharp and easy to use on tiny finger nails . it has worked great on my 6 month old . i would highly recommend these nail scissors .
perfect for my twins ! ! ! wish there was a larger storage underneath but overall this is perfect . wish it never got discontinued !
comb has pliable bristles that are not hard . the brush is nice . i am sure it will feel like a message to my baby's head .
9 month old boy is a wild man in the tub and this toy helps to keep him occupied during bath time .
i got this and no matter what temperature the water is , the word " hot " shows up and doesn't go away .
i am not nervous giving my newborn a nail trim using this thing ... the hardest part is not cutting her nail but unclenching her fist ! ! !
adorable book … my three month old son loves when i read it to him – the colors are so cute !
i have the non-deluxe one and i bought this one for a friend . it certainly comes in handy . they both work just the same though .
if the adhesive actually worked , these would be great but they never stay stuck on anything ... bras , nursing tanks ... nothing .
she loves massaging her gum with this all the time . wished it was more pink than purple .
my daughter hate pacifiers but she love this . she just chews every part of it . and it makes her super happy .
excellent for curious babies ! he loves the bright colors , it form , the sound and everything.excellent for hand wash !
best bibs ever . love the pockets , love the washable material , love the sleeves . overall , it's great ! plus it comes in really cute patterns .
saved a ton of cash $ $ $ by going with these vs disposable.used between 2-3 pairs a day so this 12 pack is plenty.would buy again !
what can one say about anything baby einstein except you love & wish you'd thought of it ! simple , sweet , & engaging . exactly as expected .
my daughter had no idea what this was and now that she is 2 and knows about stars and the moon she loves it .
narrow bottom design tips easily . the cups themselves are nice and durable , but i'd look elsewhere because of the narrow bottom .
it's perfect to cover for modesty's sake , love the neutral color , and very handy for my stroller cover . and it fits in my purse too !
it works perfectly ! ! ! we use it upper side of the stair . and we love it . i can feel huge difference after we install this ramp.thanks
it's do the job but i'm so disappointed the products look different than the pictures . the plastic isn't clear at all .
our daughter prefers this potty over any other ... and it's easy to clean and not so bad on the eyes . definitely recommend !
we used these from birth on and never had any accidents . only problem is getting baby to hold hands still !
i gave this as a gift to my niece who is 11 months and just loves this toy . great gift !
my baby loves these and it was on of the first toys he was able to grip . he grabs the side of the cubes and shakes them .
my baby kept wetting through his diapers and clothes . the pad stayed dried with no wet spots at all . highly recommended .
great play yard gate . we use it to block off the tv area and kitchen so my baby can't access those areas .
this didn't fit our coffee table and we returned it . other than that , there really wasn't anything wrong with it .
i hate pumping so i rarely use mine , but it does what it's supposed to . this is asking for more words .
serves the purpose well . soft and smooth to the touch . baby like it . i bought 2 of these but should have bought another .
haven't used it for diapers yet but it fits my pail perfectly ! i like the elastic top and how large it is .
it is a great simple product for my baby . i stack them , and he loves to knock them down . fun to use in the bath .
amazing mirror ! the light isnt really bright but it is an awesome mirror ! my son loves it , i love it . great buy !
it'a very beautiful product . a good product for my baby i think , he like the color although he cannot use it .
i love this bath chair . it is compact and easily set up and taken down . the head part is nice too to keep your babies head stable
very soft , seems safe for baby to put in mouth ! pictures are cute . baby loves playing with them . teaches him how to grab !
so far so good . i have been using this bag for the past 5 weeks and so far it has worked great . i would purchase it again .
the only advantage to this pail is that it has a charcoal deodorizer in it that works pretty good . other than that it is a glorified bucket .
i love that this mirror has adjustable straps which were easy to adjust . i bought a second mirror for my husband's car , too .
love this sound machine for our daughter ! been using it since she was born and we have one in every room she sleeps in ! !
not only are these storage bags cheaper than most of the other options , but they are extremely well made . i haven't had any complaints yet .
we use this out of the bath , he loves to run around and collect random things in the net . keeps my busy boy entertained for ages !
i recieved this yesterday ! it's good quality fabric and absolutely adorable . i'm happy with this purchase and amazon had the best deal .
perfect replacement tubing for our medela breast pump - no need to buy name brand . worked as it should , no issues .
these tubes are completely compatible with my medela pump and have worked out well . i've been very happy with them .
good price and easy to use . very convenient storage . i could only find this on amazon . i highly recommend buying this product for your nursery .
this is a nice toy . it's like an all in one . my son has a lot to enjoy on this . this is good
these are really cute and a good idea if they actually stayed on . it falls off 2 seconds after i put it on .
we needed two of these for our house . they work great to keep the dogs and and baby in their place .
this is the only way i feel comfortable bundling my little one . it is perfect for cool temperatures without having to break out heavy and hot sleepers .
6 month old ripped the fan blades off within a few days a getting this . this fan is safe but just did not work well for our child .
i was really excited about this mat as a solution for eating out with my little one . unfortunately , she spent more time pulling up the sides .
really practical and indispensable to prevent toddlers stain clothing . very easy to clean and good quality material . uses them each time you give food to your baby .
must have for all new parents . its the only thing that really works , it gets out all the mucus , your baby will thank you .
the actual color is darker than the picture shows in the page , so i don't like it so much , but the quality is okay .
love these liners have been using for many years with all my kids . never had a problem with them .
this is great for soothing sore beasts . especially if you are experiencing engorgement from being away from baby after work .
perfect accessory for pumping on the go ! it has a very long cord so you can use it anywhere in the car .
this was a gift and the baby is happy with them . he likes to take the squirts when go to bath .
this attachment works great with my stroller and car seats ! it is very easy to attach and take off . definitely recommend this !
i have bought several packs of these , and they are so worth the money . they wash beautifully and double as mini-blankets when baby is little .
these work just as well for me - - but they are hard plastic , not the flexible material in the shields that came with my pump .
the bumbo chair is a wonderful addition to child raising . the tray allows for more versality . i only wish i could have had one
love these bases . we bought just one infant car seat , and then two extra bases that are easy to keep in grandma's and husband's cars .
i love this chest . it looks expensive and sturdy . the espresso color is beautiful . i am very happy with this purchase .
i keep these in my diaper bag wherever i go . these are small enough to stuff anywhere in case you need to throw a smelly diaper away !
i bought it , my friends have purchased them ... and we all recommend them . these are great and fit cars without worry .
great item ! loved it ! ! ! the fabric is a little " rough " , but not so bad . recommend it , couldn't be more satisfied .
we have the regular steam / sterilizer as well . this is just quicker with less parts to clean and put away after . would recommend and buy again .
this training cup is perfect for the price.my baby is too young to use it , but i like it . it is great for learning how to drink
my daughter will stare at this and loves watching the see through balls roll around . also like that its very simple to break down for traveling
i wasn't able to get a comfortable fit , even with the enclosed zippered insert , so i haven't used this bra but for a couple of times .
purchased this for my son . he has not started using it yet but it seems to be good quality and i am sure he will love it
we love this bottle warmer . we use it to warm bottles as well as to sterilize binkies and baby tooth brushes . i would highly recommend this product .
the metal holder sticks out too far and could poke a baby in the eye and the string to hold the bink is very flimsy
my daughter is almost 11 months old and i'm still using this daily . this makes my nursing life so much easier .
my son loves these spoons ! he is a 2 years old , and these are easy for him to maneuver . they make mealtimes very pleasant .
these are the easiest and best way to keep prefolds on , even while the baby is squirmy on the table !
we have 2 and they are both great for us :) . i have one for our 18 month old and one for our two month old :)
this is a very nice gate that is very well made . so far it has stood up to our child and three 100 ound dogs with no problem .
this does a good job of containing the smell and you can get less expensive refills to fit it under the brand name " baby trend odor grabber " .
if you have an oeuf sparrow crib , these rail protectors are too small . not sure how they would work if they fitted !
my 6 month old loves this ball . it's not really bendy but it's great cause she can actually hold onto it through the holes .
highly functional , sturdy and simple . only complaint is i wish the tray was a bit bigger . great buy for a simple straight forward seat .
i love it , everyday my baby look at this beautiful thing , smile and smileit think she is happy to own this one
i used these with plain prefolds on diaper wash days when i would give them all a good once over they did the job !
these covers are not as thick as some others on the market , but just as functional . definely worth it to skip the pricier ones .
just not my favorite diaper cover , but doesnt leak . didnt fit our 6lb baby over all was too big even on the smallest setting .
i use this for when i pump at work or while i am doing my homework ! i can now multitask !
this is my little girl's toy box . it is sturdy and doesn't get dirty easily . i love it and want to get one more !
i think it's great to have an extra base - much easier to swap kids and cars . we just appreciated the convenience .
i am happy with this purchase . helps keep my little ones head sturdy in the mamaroo until he gets a little more control over his wobbly head .
i have a standard tub , it does not fit . i love the idea and its a fun bath toy for my 9 month old .
i am giving good reviews because i'm sure it does what it says and it's soft but i personally havn't had a use for it yet ...
the voice is too low that baby can only hear it when the surrounding is exactly in silence , which is very rare .
easy to change sheets . fits very tight in my crib . i really hate spring mattresses so this is a nice alternative .
i would be lost without this ! it was perfect for me to feed my son off the side of our bed .
my son used this teether often . i liked it and didn't mind wearing it . great for traveling .
best toothpaste i've found . organic blueberry flavor is great . this is my second time purchasing it , i bought the raspberry before and loved it too
soft , washable and can be used from newborn for visual to toddler age . i bought the hard cardboard visuals too which are good only first three months .
exactly as described and got here in 1 to 2 days ! functions exactly as needed to keep solid waste together so i can just toss in the toilet !
so glad i bought his bottle warmer . late night feedings have never been easier . easy to use . no complaints yet .
these work well so far . they do not completely cover the seat but they keep it pretty clean . we have a mini van .
it works great . glad it can be completely removed and you can't see the attachments . instead of just folding it up .
just a little weight cover but they know they can't get in and that was what i was going for no sleeping cats in baby area .
we have had the mobile for three months now and my baby still in love with it . it was a good buy .
the box keeps my little guy from pulling the cords out of the walls . i have 3 of these all around the house . they are great !
i could not use the full insert , just the pillow insert.it worked great to swaddle too . i would recommend to friends and family .
its a nice size for kids , doesn't leak and appears to keep my son's food warm each day for daycare .
this is the best bottle brush i have tried . you won't be disappointed . it's very good not only for baby bottles but also for water bottles .
my daughter loves this tooth paste and always wants more ! it helps to make brushing her teeth more fun and not a battle .
oh em geeee this gate is awesome ! very easy to installmy kids cant break it like the wooden onesyou wont be dissapointed
love it . we use the avent sterilizer and dry them on this . works great .
we bought 3 of these ! we love them and they work perfectly ! so happy we got them to keep the stink on the inside !
we love this because it is so much easier than dressing our infant in winter outerwear for quick trips in the car .
easy to install in my toyota yaris and made of thick durable material . goodbye muddy seat backs ! a good purchase .
i love using these bags to steam clean all my daughter's bottles and pacifiers.great for if you need to sterilize in a hurry
aboslutely fantastic bag . it looks great on the black stroller , not as many pockets as i like but still fantastic
really comfortable and convenient for young children . very lightweight , easy to clean and good quality material . it was very good acquisition !
totally worth the steep price tag . my son chewed on sophie from about 3 months to 9 months . we got a lot of use out of it .
use it as our main wipe dispenser at home . the weighted plate keeps you from pulling more than one wipe at a time . love it .
when this came we thought it was so darn cute . a nice , colorful toy for baby . easy for infant / toddlers hands to grab !
baby likes it but not among the very favorite books . i do like fabric books because they wash and are easy and light to carry .
tis cover fits the graco pack and play we have well and sits smoothly under the sheets too . s far we are very happy with this purchase .
these are super soft , and awesome inserts for cloth diapers . but they can be irritating for sensitive skin babes .. beware !
my baby loves to use this nipple and ring since birth . i've tried using other brands but he prefers this one .
love this product - no smell - easy to change the bags - i don't have any complaints .
the sheep is lovely but the music box came broken . we did not open it until our son was born , so too late for returns .
great changing kit for on the go . 2 zippered compartments on the inside and 1 more on the outside.very happy with it .
love the colors great quality pacifier and love that the little one breast feeds and takes to this just fine
these bags definitely work . there is no smell coming from it , even with a lot of poopy diapers in it .
these are great burping clothes . they are durable , cleans up the mess and perfect for small spit up or a big barf !
i like this cup . my daughter likes this cup . i would give it five stars if it was really leak proof as it claims .
teething is a difficult time for baby and everyone around . my daughter enjoys the unusual texture of it . very soft and great for easily breaking in teeth .
these bags work great ! they stand easily by themselves in the freezer and don't leak when they tip over . a definate must have for breast-feeding mothers !
thrilled i found this product . my daugther loves it . it works great and she has fun using it . recommend to others !
the product itself is beautiful , and sturdy . it was easy enough to put together , but much smaller then i had thought it would be .
one less thing to juggle and try to keep off yucky floors when at a restaurant or out and about .
it is roomy so it actually keeps your baby covered . i have several covers and this is my favorite . the structured neckline is really nice .
my baby had nipples confusion and nuk was the best of all easy to clean and last long and the box is a plus to store it
adorable ! ! it holds up really well to frequent washing . very soft fabric . bright colors and a cute gender neutral print .
mine came with a missing part . i sent an email and got no answer . this was to months ago . i am desapoinyed with munchkin .
our kids love these cups , and mom and dad love ' em as they're the easiestto clean valve we have ever found .
i love these for my newborn . they are so soft , very absorbent and have sweet prints . the loop to hang them is handy too .
looks good but the clip is really hard to open . it is also not very easy to attach the pacifier .
the gripper doesn't get too cold and the design allows for placement on both front and back teeth . would highly recommend .
they fit in tons of different types of cups and keep them from leaking , what more could you ask for ?
if you are looking for nice quality and at a great price this is perfect dont pass it up , buy it ! !
lots of coverage and easy on and off , baby can't take it off which is a huge plus , easy to wash and absorbs a lot of mess .
i get many compliments on this pacifier clip . very durable and it does its purpose .
i use this of course on a daily bases it is very easy to store out of the way to get off the counter
these nipples are great ! thankfully i discovered these y cut bc i ruined plenty of perfectly good nipples cutting them myself !
this changing pad cover is too cute . i got it for a friend who is expecting a baby boy in april .
it comes on a very cheap string basically and the teether part is very durable but my children just ignored it .
perfect fit as expected from britax . if you have the travel system , you must remove the car seat connector pieces for the stroller to fit properly .
i used it everyday from about week 16 on . i've now passed it on to a friend . great product , great price .
fits nicely . my daughter hasnt complained about it so i believe it must be comfortable . very easy to install .
i always love dr . brown things as they are a step above the rest . very nice and well made ... nice colors too .
worked very well for when my son began walking at around 12 months and would fall into everything . i purchased the colour that best matched our fireplace mantel
soft and comfortable sheets for my son's mattress . they are sturdy as i was them a few times a week :)
this is used every day and is still working very well.cute design and holds together.would recomend and buy again .
this is a high quality blanket . it will make wrapping baby up a snap . nothing else really to say . we love it !
love the new design of the dr . brown bottles . easy to grip for parents and babies . i highly recommend dr . brown bottles .
not to pricey for an attachment and fits like it is supposed to . if you have the britax strollers you really should order this too . well worth it
im not so impressed because the paci cannot be removed . the stuff animal always go to my son's nose when his using it .
these are a must have for any parents . no more falling toys at the restaurant while feeding your kids in the high chair .
this is a cute hamper . it looks great in a blue / white / grey themed nursery . i am happy with the quality and would recommend it .
this is a changing table necessity , and a must buy . it is so much easier to clean than the whole changing table when accidents happen !
these fit fine , but the terry is not very high quality . it keeps having loose strings come off of it after laundering .
exactly what i expected . right size and great quality . easy to assemble . love the features that can accommodate my baby till past toddler stage .
i really like the look of these vs the square ones . they are pretty hard to get off but i think that is kind of the point .
i buy it for my little baby , the appearance is very cute and easy to grasp . hope my baby loves it too .
toss this in the freezer and they go to town on it ! also get the one for front teething . durable and no worries about leakage .
easy to fit into crib . love the character and design . machine washable with cold wash . we were happy we got this .
used only a couple of times . after i got the hang of the temperature that was needed , no longer used this .
this toy is a favorite around here . the baby just loves it . i would definitely recommend it .
i've had to replace the nipples once during my babies 4 months of use . medela is a great product overall .
my daughter loves to chew on sophie . it is easily gripped by babies and the squeak is such a surprise as they chew on any part of her .
it took a while for them to use it from a straw cup but they got it . now they enjoy using them .
use it with my granddaughter's carseat and it is great to just be able to take it out of my daughter's car and snap it into mine .
this is a great bag . not only does it look great but it is has lots of space and the side pockets are very useful .
these bottles are made of a very cheap plastic . one of the nipples was missing when the product arrived . i would not recommend them at all .
we loved it so much we bought two for both residences . highly recommend for parents who desire natural fibers / materials . nice slope and size .
this looks amazing in my sons room . its great quality has has great attention to detail . we can't fault any of the 3sprouts purchases so far !
my friend cracked her monitor and had to buy a new system . this will save your monitor ! just like a phone !
my son doesn't like . when he's very small , he's a little afraid of it . and when he grows old , maybe it's boring for him .
i bought these as summer blankets for daycare kids . they are very soft , not overly babyish , and the kids were happy to get them .
i love aden + anais . they have amazing products . my daughter loves this blanket , especially the silky edges and i love that the fabric is breathable .
my daughter hated the nose bulb that most people use and does not seem to mind this nearly as much !
love this ! ! ! leak proof , good size if you go out . easy to clean . and it doesn't need so much energy to suck it
while the nipple compartment has a difficult time holding my playtex drop-in nipples .. i still don't know what i'd do without these little things .
so many uses linking toys together , or to strollers , to bouncy chairs , to car seats and to high chairs . hook together easily .
i bought a few of these , but one didn't hold up for long at all - - it ripped around the edges . the others are fine .
my little guy has loved this for months . we ended up ordering a second one because it is one of his go-to items .
my baby totally loves this toy . it's safe for him to chew on and it's colorful and fun . i highly recommend it !
works great ! lightweight so it's easy to move from room to room . i would recommend this product to any parent looking for a white noise machine .
holds a lot of nipples and rings , the best part is it does not take up a lot of counter space .
these nipples are great for standard size bottles , are easy to clean , and have held up nicely after many rounds in the dishwasher .
not much to say . its colorful , soft , and everything it says it is . fits fine , and has held up fine .
to short for the baby to play with , and difficult to get to make noise . not a good buy for us .
my son at 3 months loves to look at and hold this rattle ... but it's still a bit big and bulky for him .
my daughter is 14 months now and loves this " big girl " chair ! its cute and cozy ! very cute too ! :)
fit perfect , a nice baby blue ... baby and momma are / were happy with it ! :) soft fabric and easy to wash .
this bottle drying rack is big enough for my baby's bottles and breast pump items . good quality , easy to clean ! ! !
we love this gate and have been using it for nearly 2 years now . exactly what we were looking for and blends in with our decor perfectly .
like all my lifefactory purchases , great quality and works very well . stage appropriate and they hold up very well like other lifefactory products .
worked great for a cake topper and to float punch at a baby shower . i would definitely order again for a party .
these are of really good quality , small and let air around the mouth . i am happy to recommend this product and would definitely purchase again .
great rattle , does not make much sounds but looks great for baby to see . would recommend this item to buy .
i loved this product so much , i bought two ! great quality , you need two so while you're using one you can wash the other .
these worked exactly as i needed to cover sharp edges on my hearth when my grandchildren are visiting . i recommend to everyone .
this product seemed to scrunch my baby into an uncomfortable position . he is only 10 lbs but somehow it seemed like this was designed for a smaller child .
i thought this looked awesome just based on the shape and all the different textures , but i cannot get my baby into this one .
these are perfect . we take them everywhere we go . gave some as a shower gift too and new mom lived them
good use and will last us awhile . the potty itself is awesome and portable . together , a great tool to keep in the car .
my baby just loved this product ! he loves watching the waves move and just to be honest so do my husband and i :)
my son loves that they stick to the side of the tub , and he is starting to learn the letter names .
this was a way better price than the bob brand caddy and it fits it perfectly . it stays firmly attached and is of good quality .
i love the aden + anais products . the muslin is a great material , however , it compares nothing to the bamboo blankets that is also available .
exactly what they are supposed to be - - and they work , what more could i have asked for ! nippleiffic !
this is a durable mat that covers a good area . it does exactly what we need it to do , which is to protect our carpet .
this pattern is much darker then it appears . i had to return it because it didn't match my color palate . i would exchange it for another pattern .
nice soft print . another lifesaver product . i have 3 different prints that are always in rotation and laundry . this one doesnt pill up , always soft .
although the shape and the color is nice , but the size is too big for guard , not so suitable for us
so far toddler refuses to sleep in it . it may be a waste of money since it is not that comfortable .
this is a very cute book for our daughter's memory book . it has everything we'd expect to put in it .
this cover was exactly what i expected . it ran a little big , but it is soft and colorful and my child loves it .
this brand is always good quality , this works great for breastmilk or formula 8oz is great i highly recommend it
love it ! must have ! it is ok for summer but not ok for cold winter days . you have to buy another for winter .
i did not use it yet , but it is looks not cheap and well made scissors . i like color and design .
one wash in the dishwasher and it warped - it won't close properly now . rather disappointed - i had really hoped to use it .
a must have for cleaning your bottles . good for many brands , not just dr . browns .
this is great for our temporary apartment that is bath tub-less ! so far after 3 months it is still going strong .
we have a davinci mini crib that was sooooo hard to fit sheets for . these were perfect ! so so soft and great quality . highly recommend !
fits all of my cords ( even my apple cords ) perfectly . works exactly as advertised .
the lids don't stay on . which defeats the purpose . i don't want air to get in there so the food stays fresh . i returned them .
these are the perfect size for little toddler hands . i like the height and the width of them . they're perfect . cute , bright colors too .
my babe only likes lifefactory silicone ring teething toy and they are fantastic for fastening those to him , his car seat , and stroller .
if you have kids and a nice car , buy this . that's pretty much all i can say about it . it's amazing .
it's convenience to take out and easy to install . we don't need to worry whether the restaurant we go : have or don't have clean baby chairs or not
these caps fit medela bottles but are significantly cheaper than the medela replacement parts . a great buy if you have medela kits .
after a while , things just don't add up with the multi-part dr . brown bottles ; pieces go missing . so it is good to have the extras .
made in the usa ! ! ! it is easy for baby to hold and is good for a teething baby to chew on .
very sturdy , vibrates , lays back or sits up and rocks . the bar has toys to keep them busy . very happy with this purchase .
product is exactly what we wanted for our granddaughter's changing table pad . it's soft , very comfy and washable . exactly what we needed !
this worked perfectly with our eddie bauer travel system . we got 2 of them , way better price than buying the manufacturers ' coordinating base .
our baby had a hard time sleeping in the pack and play until we bought this mattress .
another baby shower gift . i wish these could be grouped together so i didnt have to type the same thing !
easy to put on , easy to open for using your stove top knobs , and impossible for our 14 month old to remove .
i love this product - highly recommend for the mommy and daddy who have busy body babies that cant stop touching everything !
after trying a lot of spoons i find this the best because of the shape of the spoon the food doesn't spill
i purchased two of these , one for my carseat and another for the stroller . they support my babys head very well and keep her from bobbling around .
works ok , better than not having anything at all but still does not make carrying a car seat an easier
great for traveling . our soon loves the silicon head and loves chewing on it . great for holding the spoon after it has been used .
this are cute , hip , great price ! they fail to tell you that they have no inserts . so make sure you buy some separetely .
adorable , cotton , perfect size for swaddling ! ! my daughter sleeps very well in these and i couldn't be happier with them ! ! !
this bag is perfect for any wet or dry item what you want to store and transfer in the diaper bag .
baby loves pointing to her whale every bath . no more accidental bumps on the head . this whale really does the job . a must have !
my 3 month old loves to chew and crunch the feathers on mr . peacock ! an awesome toy for a growing boy !
a handy rack for bottle / breast feeders . i mostly used it for drying my breast-pump parts . plenty of spots and easy to clean .
i have used this several times now and it is still working . it is very handy and i love it a lot .
this little electrical pump works well . it's only problem is that it's really noisy . i have twins and this pump works just fine .
i purchased this diaper bag for my husband and he likes it . great compartments and the style is perfect for a man .
so far i really like . this product has not leaked and since my baby girl is growing this is perfect for water and formula .
i just love these cups . my grandson loves them as much as my children did . bath , play chewing it works all day long !
very sturdy plate set . adorable owls . love the big plate because its got 2 sections . would definitely recommend this set
they are easy to put down and does the job . my son was slipping around in the tub without it . it's not scratchy or rough surface .
fits on the crib mattress really well , works well , washes and dries well , and is free of pvc and phthalates .
love it but rating it lower because i got a different color then i ordered . ordered green n got a teal blue .
we received this crib several days ago and it was a cinch to put together . it looks great and half the price of the oeuf baby cribs .
our 6mo baby likes the sounds it makes when she handles it , she's teething and likes to massage her gums with the figures in the ring .
love how this has lids so you can stack the baby food while making it ! great product !
boppy pillow with slipcover , sports star is better idea . thanks . my wife loves it and my son too . love it .
love this frog ! suctions great , going strong for 2 years ! cleans very well , but isn't big enough for two kids .
my son adores these bath toys , their perfect for little hands and he likes to chew on them when he takes baths as well .
between the three of them , you can get into just about every nook and cranny you would ever need to .
after got this one we are less worry about the baby to get her sleeve dirty or the entire arm full of food . easy to clean .
this product was a great price compared to most in store versions . yet to use it on a regular basis but it a good deal .
these are a perfect bath toy . the animals are expressive and brightly colored , easily float and stick to the tub , and dry quickly .
this mattress is firm enough for baby to stand up on . it fits snugly in an older graco pack and play that we have .
my little one seems to enjoy it but i wish the height would adjust so that when your little one gets taller it can grow with him
lovely colours and shapes . my granddaughter gets excited when she knows we'll put her in ti . she loves it . so do all of us watching her .
this works great with the planet wise diaper pail liner . smells are contained in the pail , size is just right . great buy .
my son loves this ! this is a bright , good quality baby toy . the picture really does not do it justice .
we will be using these seat protectors for a long time . great quality product and material to help save vehicle seats !
i strategically placed these all over the house so i know when baby wakes up & starts crying . i can even bring this outside .
this fits well and is so soft . i haven't found it to be the best with waterproofing , though .
my baby didn't hold much interest to this panda , but its a beautiful panda , i still show it to him every now and then .
i am very very thankful for whoever invented this . put the diapers creams wipes and little things i use for my baby . i really recommend this .
the fabric / vinyl is thick and wipes up well . this bib is not flimsy at all . it has held up well over the last year .
it is a good product for its price , helps pretty well to organize baby food and the base does rotate
the quality of the bottles and the sterilizer is great . and it works our cheaper if you get the set . highly recommended .
good for night time , but i noticed that the poop gets stuck and you'll have to spray it off vs other inserts i use .
this item works well . i found my lost brush after i bought these , still they work well .
i have been breast feeding , but had to go back to work anf my son had no trouble swiching back and forth from the bottle to me
i recommend this teething toy because of the ease of holding ; the ability to refrigerate for cooling ; and the colorful design .
this stroller is wonderful and rides easily and does weigh much . it's so much better than the bulky graco i had . i made a good choice .
this fits my tall 2 year old very well . the pattern is cute and the pockets are a nice addition .
nice size and good and smooth fabric i like it overall , i am a first mom so i did not know what to expect
i needed child size hangers and that's what i got . i got them quickly and in good condition . happy with my purchase .
a bit too large for a newborn but would be great maybe when a child is older than a year .
my 3.5 month old son loved these rattles as soon as he saw them . the bright colors get his attention while the rattle part keeps his attention
this is awesome for little kids who can't quite reach the faucet . it diverts the water a few inches forward so they can reach it .
what can i say , it takes time . he does tolerate the potty sitting better with the button to play with .
me encanta el material , son muy lindos los diseños , lo recomiendo debido a que puede usarse para mantener al bebe abrigado y fashion
this item was purchased for a baby gift it was highly recommend by a friend for the mother to give a baby a bath safely in a tub .
this crib mattress pad is a good price and very durable even if washed frequently . it is waterproof so it makes cleaning up accidents very easy .
this was the only bottle my breastfed baby accepted . she won't take any other bottle , but momma . love the style
you can sip out the last drop of liquid in the cup . works great , unlike others where the straws are too short ...
baby has plenty of room to roll around and play . easy to pop up , and wheels make it easy to move . sheets fit safely
these things are the greatest thing ever invented ! they are a momma's best friend for a toddler . and my daughter loves them too ... can't go wrong !
it's a good spoon set , i recommend it for age of 9 months or older , because it's a little bit big for younger ones .
i was hoping to keep this in my car as an emergency potty but it is so small my son won't even sit on it .
good quality but it only covers the top part of the corner so it is still dangerous for baby to get up .
i absolutely love my breast friend pillow , so was really excited to find this travel version which i will be using for a forthcoming trip home to england .
my son absolutely loves his wubbanub ! he falls asleep with it every night ... now i can finally sleep at night
expensive but excellent quality . i use this everyday on my baby's nursery nd it works very well even under explosive nr2 . it is waterproof .
sunshield was bent in the box . bummer dude but i don't have complaints about the overall use of it . i would recommend .
well made , soft & durable ! it holds up to use & washing perfectly with no sign of wear yet . the sage color is vibrant & beautiful .
cute and well priced . easy to reach inside for the little ones . my grandson loves to move the arms and yell " roar ! "
it does what it exactly says . there is not lots of cushion but it prevents the baby from sucking the filthy handle on shopping carts .
my daughter has made a great use of this rack since baby was born and her daughter is 2 years old and still going
these have an awful smell so i decided to return them . i didn't want the baby breathing that in every night .
my 15 month old daughter was able to pull this thing apart with little effort . i would not recommend it .
i bought this for my granddaughter . it is very well made and easy to attach to the baby carrier . would have pay more at walmart for it .
wish they were bigger so they covered my entire shoulder better but they work for their intended purpose . needs lots of these .
worked well enough to last through the infant years . music box started to give out after 8 months which was kind of too bad .
these are great pacifiers ... baby likes them and they are easy to clean . dog chewed up one ( oops ) but it didn't hurt him .
great set . awesome price ! the photo book at the store was almost the price of this whole set . she loves the piano .
this is a great craddle mattress pad cover and fits but with the pad on the mattress it makes the sheets are to fit around .
awesome hands-free pumping unit . now my wife can handle emails while extracting milk ! no spills . no shrills . just need a few more words .
this item is not intended for the normal size pack and play . i didn't realize this when i bought it . thankfully amazon had great customer service .
this is a great plate for my little one . very sturdy , and i love that it has 4 dividers . would definitely purchase again .
i purchased these for my twin granddaughters . they love the hello kittys . i should have ordered another package , because they keep loosing them around the house !
love it ! baby gets plenty of entertainment and the product is big enough for him to really move around .
just like other reviewers , yes the baby can pull on it but it still does a very good job at padding the table edge of our rectangular coffee table
my 9 month old son love this toy , the quality is very good and the colors are beautiful , he plays with this everyday .
great sunshades for a great price . they stick perfectly to my car windows and work really well to keep the sun out of my babes eyes . highly reccomended
these blankets turned out to be nicer than the description . they are a very soft flannel w / the satin trim . good price for a quality product .
pros : everything works as described . well designed and looks pretty.cons : very less cushion on the seat .
i think a pillow case would work just as well as this , very thin . the fit is great and it works but would not buy again
i was invited to a baby shower so i got a set of cloth diapers because i have been told they will be what will be used ...
great spoons for toddlers - dishwasher safe on top rack - deep enough for food to sit in the spoon .
nice to have extra spoons around the house for the grandbaby ... price was excellent , colors are vibrant , soft spoons so as to not hurt babys mouth
it matches the grand baby's decor perfectly . my daughter also got the shopping cart cover and is very pleased with it .
i so in love with this mattens ! so great ! ! ! i recommended to buy ! you love it . . very easy to use !
once you get these babies stretched out and flexible , they're a breeze ! ! do not get your finger under those little teeth though ! owie
i personally haven't used it , but any person i know that use one , they just love it ! i can't wait to use mine !
we always keep this in our baby's car seat unless he i need the elephant ears because bought don't fit .
love to swaddle my baby in this . her older brother has also started taking one to bed with him . lol !
soft , fits my graco pack n play's mattress well , and is a nice , understated color . very happy with my purchase .
nice pillow for my 2 year old . no problems , he sleeps very well on it . it washes nicely so far .
my daughter uses for her 6 month-old son and he loves it . he only has two teeth and teething . it was very good deal .
this worked perfect on the plane and worked well to travel with . very quick inflate & compact for travel ..
material feels soft and good . i like it . it is far better than expensive crib sheet in the bedding set .
it is an excellent medical kit . it's not rough , has delicate size , noi eliminates odors and has good sized practice
thicker sheet to cover the play yard floor . we use it on our chicco play yard . it is a tight fit , but it does work .
i like the rack a lot . it's very useful . but the small pieces are hard to wash .
this blanket is very soft and very cute . my little guy just loves these plush blankets ... they are warm and soft !
bought this as a gift . the ganddaughters love it . it keeps them entertained and amazed . they have had no problembs with this .
these bibs are super absorbent and i like the colors . they fit my son realy good and does exactly what it is supposed to do .
bought these because my lactation consultant recommended ... i am a d cup and these are definitely more comfortable than the standard ones that came with pump !
a great idea , but the adhesive is weak and falls off easily . i stopped using them after about a month .
i like how it's battery operated , but i wish there was an auto shut off feature and i wish it didn't play so loud .
these brushes are great for hand washing medela pump parts , reusable straws , and water bottles with small nooks and crannies .
very durable and love the bright colors you get . we have the mataching bowls as well . they are the perfect size for our toddler .
these are great to have if you want small wash cloths for a baby , but they're not for big clean up jobs .
my baby boy love it ! the plays with it all the time and enjoy the colorful and the sound !
it holds the bottles very well , i used top rack for nipples , bottom for bottles , it totally serves the purpose ! totally suggest it !
this sheet is soft , thicker flannel materiel . it fits well on the crib mattress and seems to be pretty durable so far . i would buy again !
fit our pump-n-style perfectly . could not find our old tubing for the new baby and it is impossible to find this anywhere else .
very cute and is as pictured . the size is great , the handles are sturdy and adds a great little touch to a baby's room .
very soft fabric and looks great with the happi tree line ! the pink is actually a shade or two brighter than the picture but it looks great .
came just as described . for some reason i wasn't expecting more bottles ! ! i'm so happy i got extras though . they are really user friendly .
although it only entertains her for a few minutes at a time , our 9 month old seems to enjoy this for a little while .
we tried several teething toys , but this is our baby's favorite among them . i feel safe for the materials . highly recommended .
awesome for cleaning bottles and baby items on the go . will take this with me everywhere as it is so handy .
these are sooo adorable but for some reason , i thought they would be bigger from the pics ... these are tiny ! ! i mean , infant tiny !
used it when my grand-babies were visiting , couple of times i forgot to empty it after they left , but no smell :) !
sufficient enough for me to not go through the hassle of returning , but i still wish it was just a bit thicker .
looooove this thing ! i had a regular one for my daughter at first , and then i discovered this one . so much better ! ! !
i have had a few different versions of a carseat mirror like this and this seems to be the biggest and clearest one .
enabled us to install a baby gate at the top of our stairway without damaging our railing . stained the wood to match our dark railing .
works well , and you can't beat the price ... would have been better if they came with some kind of storage container , but really can't complain .
my one year old son loves this triangle . he can play with it for a long time without getting bored .
i ordered this for my grandson's changing table and we all absolutely love it . it's so soft and very reasonably priced .
these are exactly like what was given to us by our doctor and work great - no issues from baby and they make the doctor happy .
these bags are great , seem to be a little improved over the other honeysuckle bags , it's confusing why there are two listings and they look slightly different .
this print is super cute . good diaper , haven't had any leaks or issues .
these are adorable and well made . happy with the organic material . not worth the money for babies lack of interest .
the bottom zipper does make this so practical . it makes changing so much easier . we also like the cute pattern for boys .
my baby loves the walker and i am very glad i bought it . the toys on it are very entertaining and made very good .
i've used several of these , and they always wear and break at the flex by the closure after about 2-3 weeks .
really cute teether . bought for my grandson and it is just what he needed . very colorful and well made for little ones . would definitely recommend .
these prefolds are wonderful . im definitely buying more . they are really well made , thick and soft . i use them in our flip diaper covers
this is a must buy for anyone that is breast feeding and has to pump for other people to feed !
my dd is satisfied with these , they are easy to hold , clean and use . i started using them to avoid using bottle liners , works great !
some babies don't like to be swaddled and this is . great alternative for a wearable blanket and the pattern is unisex - perfect ! ! !
my grandson comes to my house and has this fun plate set to use . cute and good size for younger children .
they're easy to clean and light enough to take them anywhere with you . also the designs are super cute .
well made with plenty of room for kid's food . seems to keep things cold enough . easy to stand on end if you need more space
this was the main reason why we purchased it . it is still better than nothing but it doesn't quite do the job entirely .
i needed a safe sturdy teething toy that can be bitten and rattles and i am very happy i highly recommend it it's was excellent
the light didn't make a big change for me . i still need day light to cut baby's nails properly .
my daughter didn't spend alot of time in the bouncer , but did like it for a change of pace from time to time
this keeps my daughter's attention for a little while . she is 9 months now and has used it for a few months now .
thought the bottles worked really well and baby has definitely taken to them easily . bottles are easy to clean and maintain which is a big plus .
i would have preferred the " string " kind , but i'm sure someone out there is afraid kids will get hurt somehow .
the only truly leak proof sippy cup we've found . tossed out all the rest after we got these . happy boy , happy mama .
works good for kids the ages that they suggest . cute cups very happy with them . always replacing cups so good for the price .
this is a simple comb and brush . works just as well as any fancy brush set . great as a backup . very affordable .
these orthodontic pacifier work great , our 1 month old grandson did not like the ones from the hospital , but he loves these ..
this is the only crib sheet i've purchased that doesn't shrink ! it is soft after repeated washings , i will be buying another as a backup .
i'm sad because my girl is about to grow out of it , it is the best little chair for a baby in small spaces and travel !
these are adorable . using them for a first birthday , so they can be dressed in style and still enjoy the birthday cake .
this was easy to install and does not get in the way at all when using the oven . it seems sturdy and has held up well so far .
not for a young infant ( 13-15 lbs ) . the swaddle option didn't work , maybe when he gets bigger ?
it is very soft and perfect size and it is not leak . wash many time still good and use more .
it does what we need . the tray is easy to clean and the back reclines . 5 more words required ?
so bright and colorful my son loved this bouncy seat . it washes very well and was really east to put together . i would recommend it !
my wife and i , love the sheepfor my new baby born im so happy . thank you so much donna
these are great to add as a second layer for over night diapers or as a spare insert . these are very soft on baby's skin and absorbant !
works great . nice soft brush for the baby's hair / head . i have not yet used the comb . a a a
this is a wonderful product and works exactly as described . i bought the larger size for my 5 month old and it worked perfectly .
my sister introduced me to this perfect little travel bath tub - i couldn't live without it on our vacations to the shore !
i ordered this for my grandson's changing table . my daughter and i both love it not only for the safari design but it's so soft .
very hard to assemble after cleaning , unless you want to clean it assembled which is not a good idea .
it's super convenient . everything's light so they are easy to carry around as well . it's even better because the liner is recyclable .
no complaints ... just as expected . fits my pump and style tote . make sure you're choosing the right connection or you'll have to return and try again .
these work great came on time . will recommend to all mothers . the best set ofbaby bottles you can ever use
this sheet is a little loose on a standard crib mattress . it has held up well after a few washes .
my three month didn't play with this and played only with the o'ball rattle . now baby is 6 months and plays with this toy .
this is great . folds up well for travel in my purse . wipes clean . the only problem is that the baby likes to play with it sometimes .
i haven't used this one but i like that it's really compact & fits my diaper bag .
these are so thin and cheap they are virtually useless . they aren't even worth even the few dollars they cost .
i love these ! they hold their shape , absorb well and don't shrink too much . i don't have anything else to say .
we also have a diaper genie and while this is smaller / less capacity ( not a bad thing due to smells ) it does a better overall job .
this is hard plastic that has sharp edges ... my little one was very uncomfortable in it ... i returned it .. good idea put not a good product .
awesome ! ! this mirror is the exact size i wanted and couldn't find a plain one this size in any store !
good product except one of them the stitching started unraveling first wash . otherwise they are great and i would absolutely get them again .
good quality , cheaper than medela brand and my pump works more efficiently now ( original tubes were aging ) will buy again next time i need new ones
another brand was purchased and returned and we kept this cover because it wasn't too heavy and it lined the entire car seat perfectly .
i used this once . i thought the tray part would have been sturdier . other than that it really would have been fantastic .
needed a second base for the graco click connect carseat i got with my travel stroller system . works perfectly for that and is a great carseat and base .
this cup is very easy to use because with the little handles the baby can hold tha cup with his little hands , is easy to clean there's no mess
game changer ! bought it super late ( baby is 4 months old ) and wish i had known about it sooner !
not comfy , not so absorbant , better to just use a piece of flannel , the milk dries and hardens on the pad
great bottle drop ins super easy to use highly recomend them to all people using bottles for sure buy some youll luv them
thought it would be a nice gift for his baby shower ! thought it would be better than clippers , so you won't cut there finger ! thank you
this cup has very easy to grip handles . and no leaks ! for little learners :) the soft rubberized spout is also easy on littlegums and teeth .
the design on this sheet is really cute . it fits the mattress perfectly and i am very pleased with the value for the price .
adorable and really helped the transition from rocking to sleep . but we use the heartbeat sound exclusively - and the 3rd one just died . i'm so disappointed .
awesome seat , however when you wash the tray and toys in the dishwasher they fade .
build quality = 5/5 work as described = 5/5 product material = 5/5 design = 5/5 ease of use = 5/5 reliability = 5/5 overall = 5/5
love this jumperoo--nice middle-priced item . lots of flexibility for jumping , light-weight and easy to move around the room . i like the different noise and volume options .
this works great on the maclaren stroller . holds water bottle and holds a travel coffee mug . makes me very happy .
they basically work but on some of them the bottom piece succumbs to gravity when you remove the top piece .
my 4 month old loves to slap at it and loves when i hold it and she watches as the balls go through end section to the bottom
this crib is a sturdy and functional , but also beautiful bed . with its adjustable height , it can be used for a long time .
the shield is great for the winter and for the rain . we used it all through the winter and easy to put on and take off .
good size for a child , but not quite as soft as i hoped . okay for the price .
i love these monthly stickers . they are perfect for my little boy and match most of his outfits . so cute .
the best baby blankets ever ! love the fabric and soft colors / patterns . loved them so much that we bought a second set in other colors .
sad its a bit small but its cute nonetheless and my niece absolutely goes crazy over it . not a bad purchase .
works great . my fiancee drops off our daughter at day care but i pick her up . so we needed an additional base . would recommend !
so easy to put on baby and he loves it ! at first , he thought it was a jumper , but caught on !
i love these inserts . our son is a very heavy wetter and these are super absorbent . i love the best bottom diaper in system .
durable , well made , easy to fill ... i love how they are clear so you can see the remainder of the contents .
all in one is the way to go with a newborn . these didn't leak like lil joeys . bought 4 of these and wished i had more
the pocket holds it shape it is great for catching anything that drops . i will be ordering several more of these .
you will need to have a big car , but once you set it in , is very good and comfortable for the child .
love , love , love these spoons . these are soft and flexible for babies . i very like it . it is nice . .. .
great cup never leaks ! however annoying that you can't choose the colors . my son now has pink and purple cups . oh well .
these baby burp clothes are unique and cool , very nice , strong and i love ' em even when a little pricey .
this is really convenient & it fits my diaper bag . i'm using it all the time when we go out .
i bought this a few weeks before having my baby and i loved it . at 5 months old he still uses it
love these for swaddling . one thing i like the most is that they are plain white . i'm a plain white kinda girl .
pricing was good and the size was just the thing i was looking for.it was just for the baby and i can also use in other reasons as well .
these make great overnight doublers because they're very thin and lie flat , so they add less bulk than plain cotton and hold more .
only an inch or so short , but it works . keeps my baby from chewing on the crib railing , and seems to be of a nice quality .
this is my son's favorite food pouch . he really likes to squish the silicone body of the pouch and i love how easy it is to clean .
cute idea but the diaper storage is ok the side so when i would pick up my dtr from the changing table , this would fall on the floor .
great price for 3 replacements . love the fact that i can replace these whenever . very sterile idea for kid's sippy cups . love nuk products .
my baby loves this sleeper . she sleeps more soundly in theis sleeper than her crib and basin . when she moves , it rocks .
it is just perfect to dray my grand son's bottles . it will be most useful for his parents now that he is taking bottle milk .
texture is great and he loves to chew on it.minus one star for not getting to pick your color . we got pink . for our son . cool ..
i love this cover .. so soft and plush . i have washed and dried it , and it has held its shape beautifully
not sure there's anything you could do to make your pump / pumping more stylish , but as a whole it works great and worth every penny .
the opening that fits on the faucet is silcone-like flexible material so it should fit universally and the product does the job of extending the water for easier reach .
very well made , sturdy mini crib . easy to put together . great crib for a small room or grandma's house . recommend purchasing a better quality mattress .
i bought these to replace my old ones and they worked perfectly . a great replacement item for my pump .
would recommend to anyone with small children . works great even with cats who love to chew on cords.need to order another one .
works as expectedkeeps baby hands out of the kitchen knobs .. fits almost any size knob ... ( its made of plastic - dont expect it to live forever )
better than anything i could find in the stores ( ie , target ) . heavy plastic , not cheap-o . recommended - worked for our twins !
this was a baby gift and it is amazing . to be using something so natural for a baby is a great thing !
my daughter registered for this diaper pail and it looks good and sturdy . i'm sure she will find it very convenient to use .
small , but just the right size for diaper changing when i don't feel like taking the baby upstairs to the changing table .
so incredibly soft ! i love chenille blankets for babies because i think the feel of them is so nice . my baby loves this blankie !
to be honest i did not use it , but believe it is a very good product for those who travel :) ! ! !
warms a 4oz bottle in 3-4 minutes . super simple operation ; just add a little water , put in the bottle or food jar , and wait !
great quality , great color . no complaints on this one ! i like the velour type covers for changing table over other stuff .
bought it for a friend's daughter and she really liked it . not much else i can say about it since i never used them .
i strictly use prefolds and i love my flip covers ! they are so easy to use and roomy . they are my favorite covers for prefolds .
much better than the graco brand sheets which were coarse and don't have elastic . these are soft and fit my graco pack n play perfectly !
little man was teething on the boba straps .. with these on , all i need to do is wash the pads instead of the whole carrier !
i love that it's a space saver . seem pretty well made and the baby seems comfortable in it . i love the pattern .
my daughter loved this paci as an infant and when she started teething it helped her a lot . it is a teether and and a paci :)
really like this spray to use with our fuzzibunz wonder wipes ! would recommend for anyone , if those who don't use cloth diapers !
it's a good product , but it didn't hold my daughter's attention at all , and she favored other teething toys over it .
easy assembly and good for drying bottles . serves the purpose for the cost paid . the plate underneath it to catch the dripping water is a good idea .
very goo toy for exercising your kid's thought process . the ease at which the child uses this toy is a good indication of their development
this is a fun toy that my baby enjoys very much ! it is engaging and sturdy . it is brightly colored and hours of fun !
it's not real fitted and wasn't as unisex as i thought . it's more of a pinkish lavender and i thought it was more lavender blue from photo .
my daughter is fascinated by the glowing ball . nice price point for a toy that has a lot of features . good quality .
i am glad i got these and love the price . i think this is a great quality product and we are happy with these bibs .
my child is 3 and half and we still use it , best purchase ever !
these links are very fun - most of the links have little animals on them . my son is 11 months old and still loves them !
love the design , great quality , full of different textures for baby , can be machine washed , fun little doudou ;)
i love this highchair . comfortable , easy to clean , easy to use and folds easy to store . looks great and is very sturdy .
these spoons suck . the cheap walmart spoons are even better .. food doesn't stay on the spoon . they aren't soft like i thought .. hate them .
love love love this my kids are loving this they can reach everything now . it's very well made sturdy and they love cars . i will recommend it .
great little play table ! lots of different activities and fun music and sounds . very cute . not too high so it's easy for babies to reach .
work exactly as they are supposed to . i always have one stashed somewhere , so i do use all 3 from the pack .
my peanut loves this toy ! just looking at it makes her smile and giggle . this toy has to be with me anytime we are out .
glad they made a protective cover . will help keep the pillow clean through all the mishaps of a baby's life !
pretty much useless for mashing foods but my child loves to chew on the masher ! and he likes to eat out of the bowl too .
great crib for the price , just be aware that is scratches easy . be careful putting it together and moving it .
i can't wait to use this bath . it is so different from the others . i can't wait til my baby is born to use it .
i love these clips ! they are easy to use , stay on the pacifiers really well , and don't leave any marks on the clothes .
nice sheets for the money , better than i expected . soft cotton material i have washed it twice and it has held up great .
my two month old tends to chicle on the milk when to much comes out of a regular nipple this doesn't take away the problem completely but reduces the occurrences
then of course , you'll love these ! they are adorable , soft and a good size for my 4 month old . very happy with them !
i use this bag for my twins and do like it . however i wish the pockets that zippered where a little deeper .
love the ju ju be designs , and this one is no exception . it's functional and compact , easy to use , easy to find .
this crib is gorgeous . easy to put together . looks fabulous in our son's nursery . we get complements on it all the time !
great product.we had to raise it up since he is getting taller but he loves it so much . worth every penny .
prevents our toddler from opening the toilet . we do have to tell guests how to use it because it's not intuitive to open .
they work so well on all different table surfaces in restaurants . they really stick but also peel off nicely at the end .
looks great in the nursery , fits a standard changing pad . has held up well with multiple washings . it's pretty true to mint green , beautiful color .
love it . fits perfectly in our changing table and really snuggles our daughter into its center .
i was impressed with these bottles and loved them ! but then the nipples started to get moldy and we were forced to throw them away .
works very well . audio is good . easy to use , rechargeable batteries included . covers a wide range . recommend product as you will not regret it .
it's softer than your standard pack ' n play sheet since it's quilted - it matches the pack ' n play that i have as well . good buy !
easy to handle . my baby loves to play with the ball . it is a well build toy , colorfull , entertaining and fun .
nice to have because of green ness but really stiff and loud . it's an ok toy but prefer other tethers than this like silicon rings .
one is fraying a little bit already , but overall , these are great bibs / burpcloths . they are nice and soft and absorbent !
my son didn't like how this fit around his neck . i guess he prefers the ones that are not so rigid .
great product , works and practical . it easily turns and i can sort different parts of our bottles on different level .
colorful , lightweight , and easy for a 6 - month-old baby to hold and play with . it's sturdy and looks like it will last well .
i bought this for my god daughter to wear on her christening , and her mom almost started crying . it looked cute and is a very thoughtful gift .
i love this ! perfect size to fit in diaper bag and to just grab and take without a diaper bag !
item was as expected works well with our standard tub size holds all of babies shampoo , bubble bath and toys .
this was great . very easy to use , good securing mechanism , 2 positions for the handle height . make airport travel really easy .
super cute and i love how the sides creat a nice boarder especially since you can't use bumpers anymore . sos very soft
these are very easy to use and great for teething babies . do not over wet the material when freezing or it will cause issues .
daughter liked the toothbrush , she is their own using this toothbrush , brush your teeth and they are active , no pungent smell toothbrush
i used the heck out of this tub , until my son out grew it ! it was great and the best part was that it was recyclable !
cute , and works great with any kind of pacifier . attaches to clothes well and is washable if it gets dirty .
very nice heavy flannel sheet . very soft and a good quality . i love the pattern . i'm glad i ordered it .
great crib , easy to assemble , hopefully my daughter will sleep in it someday :) looks great in her room , coordinated well with her other furniture.well built !
great product . helps me feel safe . also , keeps the kids in .
simple and good . difficult for little fingers to remove and , perhaps more importantly , they don't attract his attention because they are small and neutrally colors .
easy to use . nice addition to stroller for drinks and extra items you want easy access to .
so thin they're practically worthless . i prefer the edutile mats because they are almost double in thickness than these ones ! smelled when they arrived too .
if you are looking for well crafted toys ... these fit the bill ! they are simple , open-ended , well made and the colors are vibrant !
this is so wonderful . it sections off for different foods for your little one . my child loves this . i recommend to others to get this .
and smell good , definitely water proof . just wish the price was a bit better . we reuse these until they get dirty
i have received compliments on the smell from friends , but it is really pricey for kiddo shampoo . if you can afford it , go for it .
it does not hog that much room up in the freezer so this is a life saver for me . really enjoy them !
i love the look of this bunny brush and comb set . it is simple and very cute . looks great in the nursery .
it does sip a little but i don't bug me he still drinks from it . will buy more ..
beautiful baby blue color , very soft , washes well , easy to put on and take off , i have few other ones in different colors
i had no problems with leaking . they were soft and easy to wash . could not notice them through my shirt .
these hold up great wash after wash and save us from having to wash the changing pad cover when there are ultimately accidents and huge messes to clean up .
i use this to mix my protein shakes in the morning . removes all the clumps ! small , simple , cordless , works great !
gift for my new grandson . his parents love it and say it is very good in resolution and keeping track of their new son
it does it job ... good quality , doesn't fray around the sides , buying more , love the pattern , they many styles to choose from .
perfect match with the botton & nipples and harmless so that could use together with the glass botton for safe feeding .
we couldn't be happier with this spout cover . it fits well , looks adorable , and my son loves it . five star product !
those colorful bowls can let my baby focus on the food and they are portable.proseasy to uselightweightportablesturdy constructionwashes easily
easily contains our power strip and multitude of plugs behind the tv . not the most attractive solution , but it works .
this is a great , simple bag for our tub toys . it sticks well on our bathroom tile . good price , too !
i have used this bag for my daughters diaper genius cloth diapers . cleans really well and makes things super easy .
leaky bottles , i using them for milk storage since all plastic storages stink like plastic ... and cost the same or even more
when you're traveling , out and about , or visiting a friends house its really nice to have these bags ... especially for poop diapers !
super soft and has remained soft and in great condition after machine washes . this is the perfect weight for my daughter to use for naps at school .
great spoons & price . i bought these for my daughters twins & she loves them . you can never have enough spoons with twins .
this is a great product if breastfeeding and your nipples are sore . keeps clothing from rubbing against and irritating your nipples .
i think this is required with the north states superyard , without it , the enclosed space with 6 panels is too small.good quality extension .
great car seat except my daughters head falls forward if she falls asleep in it and i have to keep adjusting her head position
very fuzzy and soft . great sleep sack for our little one to stay cozy . little warm for summer , but great for winter time .
my daughter loves it ! its flexable , soft , safe and fun ! its so real looking at first she thought it was real food .
it's simple to use and understand , and i picked up on how to use it very easily . baby fell asleep almost instantly on my first wear !
although i haven't used this much , when i have it has worked fine . no complaints . love the bob and most of the accessories !
this is a great tool when bathing your lo . it's sturdy but light and safe to let your baby play with it .
we use these on top of our changing pad which has saved the expensive cover from many a mess . great product , also love that it is organic .
these cups leak and the lids pop off ! try the munchkin click and lock sippy cups instead , they work way better and are toddler proof !
the little red keyboard didn't work . not worth the hassle of returning though , my lo will still probably chew on it and stuff .
another great hit from lamaze . the makers of this toy really have child appeal down pat . this book is colorful , well made and fun .
hard to find a pack & play this large anymore and with the twins coming it will be great to have .
this product works as intended . the plastic looks a bit cheap and flimsy , but it gets the job done . overall i'm pretty happy with the purchase .
it does it's job as a sheet very well . what can i say ? as usual it is hard to fold a fitted sheet .
much softer than the pack and play sheets you would buy in the store but they are a bit thin .
i like it . it is nice . it sticks nicely . and soft . not worried about baby's head hitting the table anymore . thank you .
i like this design of this and my daughter did use it a few times , but not as much as i thought she would .
easy to use ... just pump right into them and freeze or take along with you . i like that they are small and compact and reusable .
i've tried two brands of these piddle pad and this one is much better as it stays put and doesn't move too much with a squirmy toddler .
like others have said , it is very heavy and quite bulgy . my son just doesn't even bother with it anymore .
these are so cute in person ! kinda pricey but worth it imo , since they are so versatile . i bought 3 sets .
i got them for the frontroom , and both kids rooms closets and they work great ! and for the price you can not beat them !
give me much more time to do other things and my daughter likes it because she feels she can go anywhere she wants to go .
great little pillow - the satin cover should have a zipper or something because the case does come off very easily .
my daughter absolutely loves these ! they are great even when she is not actively teething . highly recommend for babies and toddlers .
very affordable and now we've got all our outlets covered . these are easy for us to remove but not for our child .
i bought it in conjunction with a munchie mug and had them tied to the car seat . love it . buying more .
our baby loves to carry this around and gnaw on it . not only is he relieving his teething discomfort ; he's also cleaning his new teeth !
bought this ornament for my second daughter who arrived 12 days early & was born on christmas eve . it is beautiful !
works perfectly . so much better than the battery adapter , which always seems like its struggling to power the pump .
my little girl ( 7 months then ) loves this . it rattles and she eats them like they are so delicious .
cute , organic and safe ! great to bring along as a stroller toy , super teething toy ! takes forever to dry in the dryer !
i have trouble opened this container , and i think the brush is also little too big for my 5 mouths old baby
i love i get the opportunity to record every little thing on the day it happens . the pages are so cute and colorful !
my now 3 month old has been loving this since he was 2 months . it's the fist toy he has really showed a lot of interest in .
my son really likes this toy . we've stopped using it since i realized it isn't bpa free . over fun toy
adorable . great size for a small shower , seems very well made , we sometimes have trouble getting it to stick once wet .
this is the coolest man diaper bag i have ever seen ! i recommend this to any guy in need of a diaper bag .
the packaging says not to boil or steam-sterilize . if i'd known that i'd've spent the extra money for the name brand .
i love the mellow music that this bouncer plays . not the typical loud nursery rhymes . it is very soothing for my baby .
the fabric on these is a bit disappointing . the price is good and they work ok but are not my favorites .
i use these for dry snacks on the go . fruits and other snacks that aren't dry leak through the zipper .
my son loves when i brush his teeth with this cute brush . it's soft and gentle for baby's first teeth . would recommend this product !
bought these for my 2 year old granddaughter . i am now a hero with my daughter-in-law . they really save her clothes & the carpet .
great diaper organizer ! it holds a standard wipes box , a row of diapers & still room of creams , etc.quality construction too !
we love this bib and are on our second one we loved the first so much :) easy clean up , not too bulky
this toy is the first toy i gave my daughter and she enjoyed the music and lights of it . and is very affordable .
we've had this for six months . it is a darker color than pictured but fits as to be expected and have no complaints .
my baby loves this gym . the lights and music keep him entertained . the toys are engaging and he loves looking at himself in the mirror .
these are fantastic they work very well and we have no complaints i would definitely buy these again and i highly recommend them
this has been great to keep in the back of our suv for use when we are traveling or somewhere without a high chair .
this was a gift but the mother really liked it ... she said it was very cute and her son enjoyed it .
this cup is hard to drink from - couldn't get my 2 year old son to learn to use it . don't waste your $ $ .
i owe 3 of these . kids get bored of it don't like it as a teether . i wouldn't recommend - there's better teethers out there .
fits sink faucet well . toddler able to wash his hands without difficulty reaching the water . we like it and would recommend it .
love the boppy wonderful for nursing , at times a bit bulky but all in all works well .
very cute packet . take the kids to go out , take this meal package , very convenient . very light . and lovely . i love it .
this bras fits right and allows me to multitask while pumping . it's came just as described . i love it - great product !
my baby loves too chew on metal objects - i guess the cold feels good on her teeth . so although this teether is expensive , she loves it .
pro : - cheap-east to wipe offcons-smells like plastic - plastic cracks after about a year - springs start poking through after about two yearsgreat for short time use
we bought this to cover our oval coffee table . covered well and was the perfect size . recommended for anyone with a little one on the move .
really good quality material - will last a long time . easy to adjust fit it car seat . no slippage . easy to clean .
great tool , super practical and helpful . although it seems it doesn't last 20 uses per bag you can easily get 15 to 18 .
prompt delivery , great product . a must have for baby's diaper bag . we keep only what we need in it and use it all the time !
my wife love this botles.is for a better way of feeding our new born . i cant wait to use them .
we have a few of these baskets , i am not sure it is significantly better then another dishwasher basket , but i liked the colors and the quality .
my granddaughter loves the flashing lights and the music and she can easily hold it to put the handle into her mouth .
we love how easy it is to use this product . works very well and gives you time to distract and cuddle a baby waiting impatiently for his dinner .
the product is well constructed and feels like a good quality sprayer . it comes with everything you need to complete the installation except for wrenches .
great ! suction sticks great . haven't had any problems with that . the basket scoops as expected . great product . no problems so far . would recommend
it has room for diapers and all your extras like lotions , powder . also has a slot for diaper disposal bags .
havent used it yet , but the quality seems top notch and better than other higher priced items . highly recommend this product .
after i ordered this smaller size i started getting a lot more output with my pump ! what a difference having the correct size made !
definitely a good buy . 6 months later , my daughter still loves it and play with it from time to time .
soft tiny bristles & the guard make it a good combination when toddler is learning to brush . easy to clean and my toddler isn't scared of it .
the shape and quality are good as i expected . very modern , simple and pretty . very happy with this purchase
my son does not care much for it but it's worth a shot and i bet most babies would . so far he just does not like teethers .
this really works and i wish i would have bought in sooner . best naps on the go especially if you combine it with the kids earmuff !
we love these sippy cups and prefer to replace the valves every couple of months once they start to turn yellowish .
keep it the baby / diaper bag - so have a nice smelling bag to put a bomb into so it is not as offensive . works great !
haven't used it yet but seems it has very good quality and the design is really nice ! the gift cake packing also was nice
they're easy to use and easy to clean . i love them and will be re-using them for my future kids . :)
works great on our joovy stroller . definitely keeps cell phone and anything else handy . so soft and durable . a must for joovy stroller owners .
very basic netting that does its job . i like the little portable carrying case it comes in .
i love that it comes with a case so it can be kept clean . my baby likes this pacifier a lot
i really like this cup . it is easy for my daughter to hold and drink from and it doesn't leak much when it's on it's side .
love these . they are my perfect fit and i am able to express milk very efficiently . i will buy again !
i use these on the changing table they are great and washable , they are soft so the baby does not mind laying on the table
i use this every single time our baby was out with us . it is really useful and durable . i will buy more for grandma's house
this is economically sound . i love that i am able to have sippies around and dispose when necessary because of the efficient cost .
i used this tray frequently to freeze baby food for my daughter . the cubes pop out pretty easily and i like that it has a cover .
cute and serves its purpose all kids mirrors llok like fun house mirrors so based on that this is one of the better ones .
i like that these are slightly bigger than the bummies but they are so rough . i would use them again if i needed to .
this cup does not leak even though my daughter has thrown it around quite alot . the cup is scratched up , but still does its job !
we lost the originals and we were very happy to be able to find the right replacement . my son has tons of fun playing with them .
great mobile ! it is a little quiet but it's for helping a baby relax and sleep so it really shouldn't be that loud .
i was nervous about using prefolds but this snappi is easy to use . good quality and my husband is even happy with how easy it is to use .
i used this as the gift bag for a baby shower ... and it's very cute and functional ! gotta love things that you can use in multiple ways !
i ought it because it was cheaper than other activity centers . it seems to be cheaply made , definitely not a high quality item .
these inserts are super absorbent . a little bulky , though . overall , i'm really pleased with the best bottom system . great diapers !
this backpack is unisex , comfortable , lightweight and versatile . the only issue is that it is rather small . wish it were more roomy
love this for new baby . monkey is so cute and very soft . great idea and pacifier isn't falling onto the floor all the time .
i would recommend this to anyone purchasing a pnp or play yard for baby to sleep in . it adds comfort and yet still the solid foundation .
this is a super soft warm towel . my kids love running around in it after baths growling at each other . rawr !
i don't think it's cute but i like the convenience of it fitting in the corner and it hasn't fallen off the wall once .
this set of tubing works every bit as well as the medela branded ones . love the quality for the value !
my only complaint is that is takes a little more time to remove the paci to wash . otherwise works well , easy to clean .
amazing a must have to prevent and also treat flat head ! wish i had this as soon as my son came home from the hospital !
nce carrier , easy to use , easy to put baby in and out , durable , easy to clean as well . reasonable price .
cool to take along to grandmas house or for a trip , they are very spacious and it is great that they are reusable !
great set . easy to clean . baby loves it . wish i bought it long ago . also very durable and makes it fun too eat .
i was a bit worried , since hallmark's quality seems to have gone downhill in recent years , but this was a nice item .
i can tell he likes the way it feels , he just has a hard time trying it by himself for some reason ...
when the spoon is almost empty it splatters in the baby's face . there is stil several spoonfuls left . otherwise a good product .
while these are liquid resistant and fit well , they melt is accidentally put into a dryer . the nylon version is superior for this main reason .
pretty useful to hook some toys to the dining chair . length is just enough for baby to reach but not too long that will cause strangulation .
these are great products . you stroller gets to the destination and isn't dirty from skating around the airport . folds away nicely .
my toddler loved this so much she bit through it to the ice .. we are on our third one ... little biter ! lol ! ! !
the design is good but i don't like its phosphoric colors because its very light . also the size is very big .
i've found that with this version of the munchkins formula dispenser , the formula is much harder to completely get out and it's bulkier than the original .
size is larger than most portable changing pads , folds up nicely , this is a great item at a great price !
this bottle warmer is slow and seems to accumulate some guck at the bottom . it does get the job done so i gave it three stars .
this was a cute diaper with a great fit but stained after the first use . so disappointed ! love the blackbird design .
nothing special at all and not soft ! feels rough but did fit my mini crib . wasted purchase , will not be using it .
it does what a net should do ... we set it up on our balcony . nothing more to add here as it's a net .
they are a great shape and size - incredibly well made . i dig these out and wash them by hand instead of using the others in the drawer
this was one of our favorite outfits for our son . too bad he doesn't fit in it anymore ! it's vibrant and pretty good quality .
these were the only pacifiers that my daughter will use . the were a perfect fit for her and she really enjoyed them .
these work great for the evenflo bottles . affordable and they fit well so the bottles vent but don't leak . my daughter had no issues with these nipples .
great for transition and good handles . i like the design ! easy to use and no leaking . i really like it vs other cups .
it was bigger than i thought it would be which is great . it is also machine washable and seems durable .
they are great , nice size and absorbent . they wash nicely and dry nice too . i like the colors and they look good too .
holds toys great and has a lot of space ... but it doesnt stay on the wall . it continuesly falls off the wall ...
even when my son spilled gatorade in it and i didn't know for several days , this producted cleaned up awesome . i love skip hop zoo products .
elves it's purpose . my only complaint is that the suction cup doesn't work at all . minus a star for that . otherwise , no complaints .
i use the medium flow for my 6 - month old baby and it provides the right flow for her succion ability at this point . i recommend !
small , portable and convenient . it is not cumbersome like some other monitors . i wish the battery lasted a little longer .
i love this set . my twins love to eat with them and then play with them . so great . should have bought it earlier .
this cute photo album is nice and squishy for baby's fingers . i only wish it had more spaces for photos .
i bought this to replace the weirdo arm that came with my little one's mobile . it works great on both her crib and play yard .
love love these . so cute and super easy to clean . just rinse off squeeze and then leave on dryer rack .
sometimes a little vibration is all he needs :) wish i would have know about this with my first son !
my great-granddaughter is a bit too small for this ( 4 months ) but she has learned to make the lights flash & the beads tumble !
i bought these and the grovia cloth wipes . these aren't necessarily rough , but definitely not soft . also , they are quite thin .
great for my medela baby bottle . this brush cleans them well and easy to use with the bottles . i highly recommend .
these dont spill , and i have been using them for 5 mts , not really tossing them :) straws are thick and durable . colors are nice .
it does its job but stopped breastfeedon so i no linger use it anymore ... which sucks . but its good . looses suction power after a while though
love the fact that i can keep the pacifier clean and in reach in the diaper bag do not have to worry about it being dirty .
our magic bullet bit the bullet so i needed something to make baby food . this is a staple in my home now .
i missed that this was for a contoured changing pad but i made it work . i love everything else except it does not properly fit my changing pad .
these fit just as well as a bg . the insert fits inside the lining well . softer than the bg inserts .
bought this for my wide doorway . this gate is good quality and much cheaper here than i have found it to be in stores
we have this on daughter's crib and she sleeps great ! had this product for about a year and no complaints .
very easy to carry , light weight in comparison to other car seats . very sturdy , strong . love the color . good buy !
if you have twins , don't leave home without it ! i use it with graco snugride 35 seats and works beautifully .
really hard to take off , which i guess is the point . not so good if you need to use the outlet pretty often like for vacuuming .
we have these around our fireplace and our media center . they are super sturdy and they have an auto-close door .
nice snug fit . soft to the touch , and washes nicely . we are happy with them . will be buying more if necessary .
no problems with smell or leaking . easy to wash and dries really fast . it fits perfectly on my short pail .
this was a gift . i look forward to playing with my grandchildren for many years . thanks very much . great product .
your princess will love this toy . its just sooo cute and makes a melow sound when turned on , or use the rattle when turned off .
it does what it suppost to do which is the most important , however it's pretty cheaply made , it looks pretty flamsy .
the straw in this cup reach all the way to the bottom . my grandson likes to sip from the cup and these don't spill .
doesn't really hold the cloth diapers , child complains its to tight , two of the clips have already broke with in the first day would not recommend .
link them together , use individually , easy to take with you , attach them to almost anything . grate basic toy to start your little one on .
has all the features that the more expensive beds have for a much better price . very good quality . cant wait to use it !
love that this folds / converts to use with lawhere forward facing car seats .
our grand son likes it a plays with it a lot . works well in bath and out of bath as regular toy .
good price . good quality for the price . adorable designs . i would definitely buy more of these in the future . overall , satisfied customer .
i bought this for my son when he was a few months old and he still loves it at 18 months old !
do not leak like the smaller , clear spouts on the stainless steel bottles . these were great for weaning off bottle nipples for my son .
very mild incline , and comfortable . worked nicely , and easy to insert . we were overall happy with this . just the right firmness , i think
it is so cute and soft we love it . my baby is 3 months she love to chew it and love the squeaking noises !
thank . now my son is happy with these . he has no care whoever when he works on it . love it .
this is a nice bag . it keeps the smell contained from my cloth diapers , and washes nicely as well . very happy with this purchase !
i like it . comfortable . keeps baby safe . easy to change cover ( bought separately ) . comes with screws to secure it . works .
i use this as a burp rag and it's good because it doesn't look like a diaper rag . quality is good even after daily washers .
i love their shape and color . my 11mo uses them to eat everyday , he learned with these spoons and isnow doing a great job .
these bowls are great for my 16 month old with a healthy appetite . they are the perfect shape and weight .
i think we got this for her at 3 months - she never seems to get tired of looking at it or playing with it .
love it ! works awesome at night ! gives me lots of comfort to see what my baby is doing without getting up at night .
it all depends on your kids if these bottles work for you or not ? if the kids don't like them neither will you
way to much work . way easier just to get cover for kids and basket in a sense that way . tricky product
this is a good cover . the cotton is soft and comfortable for the baby . we like it much better than the polyester covers .
not much really needs to be said , they are baby leg warmers , super cute , made well . 2 years later she's still wearing them .
the baby loves to kick and make music makes him laugh and giggle.he has a smile all the time he is kicking .
we bought this as an idea to keep our kiddos separated in the bath and avoid fights ! it works great and makes for easy bath clean up !
too big . after using a friends , i'm going to buy the kalencom instead . its way smaller and is really easy to use
super easy to use and washes up nicely in the dishwasher . i use a bistro chalk pin to label the containers , which washes up easily after use .
adorable ! ! ! extremely high quality . 100 % recommend this and this brand . we love them ! :)
my baby loves looking at it . i like that it has two sides with different images . i switch sides time to time .
this is perfect for our needs ! you just scoop all the toys directly from the water into the scoop and hang ! it drains itself !
purchased the lamaze play & grow freddie the firefly take along toy as a gift ; the exchange is this coming week !
washes great . i did hang to dry . fabric is comfortable , soft , cute , and fits great in the restaurant high chairs and store shopping carts .
color washed off within one month of use and its a little too bulky for a newborn . recommend trying " baby buddy bear pacifier holder " love them .
got this for baby shower , adorable tub that i can see being used from baby to toddler . easy to set up and seems sturdy .
my daughter loves this jumperoo ! ! it's adorable and lots of fun ! ! very easy to put together also ! ! highly recommend it !
i am a little disappointed , it is very very small . i use it to clean my baby's face.soft but too small
everybody that comes to our house asks where i got these , they have saved all the kids from so many pinched fingers ! ! !
i like this product , the only thing is that it does not stick well in bumpy surface .
i didn't notice in the description of the item that these have 3 holes , so i cant use them unfortunately yet .
they have a lot of useful features . the baby likes them and the different colors keep her entertained i think .
it does get limp after some time , but it's a great , versatile buy for your child . i would recommend it .
this works as indicated , but the white color is more of a grayish white and not a white , white as indicated in the photo .
follow the instructions and these bags work great . never had a problem with this diaper can or the refills . best purchase !
it's a spoon . functions as a spoon . wish they had clear cover colors available too , but wasn't available when we made our purchase .
so far , the best i have found to keep my baby a little cooler , wish there were some kind of craddle blankets ...
my baby boy is 15 months old and he still enjoys this mobile . its so bright and colorful . i would recommend this mobile !
very nice and well made very happy w / it ... i will glad raccomend it . is worth the price and servicevery cheap
nice product but just as easy to buy the generic store brand at a cheaper price .
love these spoons - great colors , wash well and very durable . my son loves throwing them everywhere and they have withstood some serious chomping !
this is great for keeping the bugs off and the uv protection is a bonus on hot summer days ! 5 stars ! !
not only can our daughter roll it around on the floor , but it is also easy to grip and shake .
my mommy hook broke and it seems like it isn't made very well . if i were mountain climbing ... i would die !
i am really happy with this product . fits as expected , very warm and cozy and looks good , better than a picture in my opinion .
i wish i had read all the reviews . these are frustratingly impossible to open . i hate them and am throwing them away .
soft texturestay in placesized to the car seat beltbaby loves it - sometimes to nibbleeasily washable
i feel like my child doesn't have to suck it hard to drink out from his bottle . will buy more .
our kid could always pull this one up and then toss it . the suction parts just aren't that strong . it's ok .
it's cute , with nice textures and colors . a shame my daughter never really got attached to it .
my baby loves jacques . very entertaining toy , colorful and if you shake jacques it's almost like you're making his wings flap , which my daughter really enjoys .
best play mat . it's gel like plush and very comfy for babies . very good price too . my baby loves it .
great mat ... it keeps my son happy during his floor time . interesting toys for him to focus on and you can't beat the price .
i like this drying rack . it works fine , plenty of room to put things to dry , i like how the hooks are different sizes .
best bib for toddlers . this bib cleans so easily and works great ! it snaps in the back so child cannot take the bib off .
we bought glass bottles because we didn't want to constantly re-heat plastic bottles . these are great , nice and heavy . they get the job done .
these are carpet savers . i love these sippy cups . my carpet and i are much happier . click lock 2 is all we use .
we have 3 of those and rotate through , they are small enough to easily pack and dry really fast ! makes mealtime and cleanup easy !
i received this yesterday and my great grand daughter just loved it . so i have it to mommy to use in the car set.love my grandchildren ! ! !
i am using this for the " dream on me " portable crib . it's excellent for that , and exactly the right size . i highly recommend it .
fit the changing pad mattress just right , easy to put on , and looks just as described . i really liked how you get two of them .
my son loves it and we turn it on every night . i have even started buying these for his little friends for their birthdays .
i love fuzzibunz it's soft and not bulky . i want more of these ! they will be my # 1 go to diaper !
forget to see the model , it can only be used for 3 months . but it is still very useful.it is very soft .
the colors in this were more blue less blue-green . definitely only for a boy in my opinion . i sent them back .
this seems pricey , but it is so convenient and knowing that my baby's things are truly clean is worth it .
such a cute pacifier ... loved the protective case it came with too ! ! the colours are exactly like what is shown , and the size too .
best baby purchase ever ! we have so many areas and places our baby goes to , and i love that i can attach this to just about anything
very happy i decided to buy this for my daughter to wear on her 1st birthday . the material is durable and it's super cute
best detergent for cloth diapers ! i have used it for 2 years . love it ! i dont really mind the scent , they are all good .
my baby likes this but would get frustrated when she tried pulling at the toys . maybe better for a calm baby .
these worked well for the first two months and then he weighed too much and could no longer wear them .
this stroller worked wonders but it was recalled due to finger amputations with the folding mechanism do not buy this item
my youngest has always been a fan of elmo . he was delighted to have these to eat with . great set for kids to learn with .
these do the job but they look very ratty after washing and show some stains . i would recommend other inserts that wear better .
baby quickly outgrows these ... they are ok to line a car seat , but not for much more than that . ok value .
appropriately soft , but still firm enough , inexpensive , and i love that it keeps my baby from rolling off of it ( for now ) .
this is a wonderful product ! it goes great with a clip on chair . i only wish there were a few more styles and materials .
feels quality and comfortable . i'd recommend this seat to all of my friends , good for both at home and travel .
my baby loves these toys on her carseat . it would be nice if they came in more girly colors or were a little more general neutral .
i was looking for a rain stick and an oball for christmas , and found this ! my six month old loves it ! !
i was nervous at first to use these reading all the books about cutting your newborns flesh , but it is virtually impossible with these !
at the pond crib set , so it worked out great . good quality & well worth it . it gives the finishing touches to the nursery .
i bought this for a grandchild that isn't born yet . i just like the breathable bumper pad . my grandaughter had one and now her brother will .
got exactly what i wanted in this product . very easy to use , divides things nicely , and is a good quality product .
my twins both loved this ! especially kicking the piano . the mirror stimulated them so much they couldn't get enough of it .
blanket is very soft , washed well - ( still very soft after initial wash ) and is gorgeous ! glad to have this in our blanket arsenal !
the bag holds a lot of toys and it stays in place . i've had no problems with it . very satisfied .
doesn't soak through , cleans up well , still looks great & fits great even after a handfull of accidents and washes . plus it's cute .
our daughter doesn't like this mobile as much as her full size tiny love mobile , but it works well for her pack and play !
this product is useless , uncomfortable and unfortunately they sent it with no receipt so apparently un-returnable ! save your $ and don't buy this product !
better then disturbing your baby . this way you don't have to disturb your infant but just place the baby in carseat into stroller
love , love , love sophie the giraffe in our home ! she is a favorite & thinking of getting another just in case she goes missing !
both my kids love these for teething . the handle is great for little hands and / or linking . you can freeze them also .
i bought two because i have twins , this warming plate really work . my daughters are one year old and recently they are trying to open the lid .
i use this product daily . they are great to lable bottles or cups . they are durable and reuseable . would recommend
we use this every day for our bottles . my only complaint is that it can't be fully taken apart to pack it down flat for storage .
they shrunk after the first washing so they no longer fit the mattress . we are now using them to cover the top of the christmas tree
i like the long handle and the fact that it is made out of safe plastic for baby . works for my baby's first time eating cereal !
almost perfect , but too tight at higher weight limit and a little difficult to get the right coverage around the front waist .
these prefolds are too thin . there are better product on amazon ... something like indian cotton prefold diapers ... dont remember the ones with blue edges
i can slide the cover open with little effort , so i believe my toddler could do it too if she played with it enough .
great slip cover , very nice to have two on hand in case of spills or spit up accidents . color was true to picture .
i bought this bc at one point , i engorged so bad that i couldn't use my regular size . the price wasn't too bad .
i have enough dishes for three small children now.yeaaaa ! my current plates are too big and how many paper plates can a mother buy so it's good now .
great product and funny for the time of the bath , your kids will love it , it's a little bigger than these pictures .
found mam on a trip to florida . bought one bottle and loved the design ! ! my daughter likes it too . great shape nipple .
this pacifier is very nice and helps keep baby from losing paci on floor . also doubles as a cute little toy monkey .
used these only for after giving birth since i didn't breast feed but they served their purpose . absorbent and works well .
my son loves chewing on these and they are very cute for bath time play and safe for infants 6 months and up
this product is excellent . very complete set , delicate , not occupy much space and meets all the necessities . i recommended it
i bought these to go with the sheets , blanket and bed set that i have . they are really cute but they fade very quickly .
this brush is longer than others i was using . it also is somewhat flexible which makes it so much easier to clean the glass dr . brown bottles .
i prefer this one over any other pad cover . love this one and is soft for their little heads and bodies .
the factory stay-in-place baby mirror is practical and easy to install . i can see the baby while driving and that makes me the very security .
i love this . there is nothing bad to say at all . the print is adorable . the material is nice and it's very well made .
great blanket for a good price . covers and keeps my baby warm in this cold new york winter when we are out .
this is just perfect size for a little toddler ! it's soft and totally machine washable ! we love it and so does our little one !
doesn't cover enough window on my cadillac srx . wish the were and inch taller and 1-2 inches wider . sticks well as described .
my daughter loved but could be more complete with the ring to be easier held by the children . the quality of the brand is unbeatable .
these are so great . teaching my 9 month old to drink from a cup and these are the perfect size . these also double as really great toys !
it never worked correctly for my daughter & son in law . they tried several times to figure it out ... way too complicated for a timer .
place near cat boxes and in trash can that litter bags are stored until ready to toss out . smell great .
adapter is easy to use , i can install it in a snap , which is great if you have a fussy baby !
i love this pacifier holder . it's durable ( unlike the plastic clip one i previously received ) , stylish and stays in place !
it did exactly what i wanted . it lines the nursers perfectly . liners are nice because all i have to wash are the bottle nipples !
works great . i make my own baby food and freeze . they stick well and i can actually wash without it falling off and reuse .
awesome so i can be handsfree ! only complaint is that its kinda cheaply made , my stitching came apart , i had to fix it myself .
i was 100 percent satisfied when i received this mattress pad . it was exactly what i was looking for . the thickness was just perfect .
this towel was a great size and works well for our growing 9 month old . it is also super cute !
we don't use these all the time yet , but they already seen very dense and absorbent . they are great with the thirsties duo diapers .
this is sturdy and great for protecting little one from the tub faucet . the shower can be used without removing the cover .
bough this for my grandson and he absolutely loves it . it is one of his favorites now that he is teething .
the baby loves this thing . she likes to chew on the little " feet "
we use this constantly . i just ordered a second one for the babysitters house . the sounds are good quality & the night light is very useful .
good cups for day to day use ... good colors .. perfect size .. my toddler like drinking water or juice from them .
my child likes to mouth everything , including the ergo straps closest to his mouth . this saved me having to constantly wash my ergo .
my daughter loves these bottles so much . nuk is always durable and the style of these bottles are amazing . definitely would buy again .
it's tippy in our honda crv , we have to lock it in with the seatbelt . otherwise it's comfortable for my 4 year old .
these are ok but nothing special . the animals are not really identificable and i would recommend there are other options instead . the quality is just so so
after several weeks of constant use , it's still the same . easy to wash my son's bottles . worth every penny , rocommend .
i enjoy these bibs that are waterproof . the are so practical and wash up so easily . cover baby well too .
these don't stay in place and my baby ( 4-8 months ) just runs up to them and pulls them off and starts chewing on them .
too long , does not fit our davinci porter crib . hard to find the right size . i would not recommend it
this is so soft and they make crib sheets in the same fabric and its so soft . best cover i've found yet .
this is the perfect blanket for anyone living in a warmer climate . it is breathable , and my little one must have one when going down to sleep .
i used a formula dispenser before and this was the reason why i bought this product . it's a travel size and it's easy to use .
my two year old simply slid open his closet like normal and both " wings " snapped right off , allowing him access . waste of $ .
this kit was a lifesaver so we could attach our cardinal gates to our open staircase - and it looks classy still !
good quality , bottles and nipples of excellent durability , this set allowed me to breast feed and give bottles without major concerns . excellent product .
i used this for the first few months , and as a new mom , it really helped with my own anxiety about taking care of my newborn .
my 14 month old baby fits perfectly ! it is so easy to install and my baby loves sitting on his chair .
for the most part keeps the odor trapped and they have a cool design . easy and dry .
i put this across my sons lap for long trips . he eats on it , colors , watches ipad and builds legos . lightweight and strap is adjustable .
my nephew loves these utensils . they are the perfect size for him and he feels liek s big boy using them .
the diaper bag is really big , you can not imagine when you se the picture . has a lot of space and is really fashion !
these are great to chew on , attach toys to various things , and to throw around . my boy likes to work at pulling them apart .
these stay upright and don't fall over if you assemble them correctly and keep them in the proper hexagonal position .
the arms and clasps adjust easily to allow for moving toy from car seat to high chair to shopping cart buggy !
works well , no issues with using this accessory . worth the money because it's much easier to attach to stroller then using strap .
esta marca infant optics , ofrece calidad a muy bajo costo.el modelo es bonito , y la calidad del video en tiempo real es asombroso.lo recomiendo
no need for anything else . i mash the food and feed it to my son right out of the bowl .
i did not like how these diapers fit my daughter ... they cut into her legs and the velcro stopped working after only a handfull of washes
i wish there was a volume adjuster because it is a little louder than i imagined and that the music would last a little longer .
great handy little invention . holds purses and bags nicely . removes and installs easily . good price . would recommend for any stroller .
love this to help with pumping . no way you can pump holding device with your hands . straps not necessary for sitting in a chair .
nice gate but didn't fit right in my staircase because of the floor molding and hand rails on the stairs
very happy with this purchase . nice size , very soft . would buy more if needed in the future . folds small for travel .
i like how soft and stretchy the material is on this wrap carrier . instructions were clear and easy to follow and it holds the baby firmly .
i don't know if my house is the problem but even with this stepping stool my almost 2 year old can't reach the sink .
overall this has been a good product to buy . makes it easy to empty what's in it and the froggy patterns makes it not scary for children .
we're having to get a bigger vehicle to accommodate our twins and 12 year old . it needed to happen anyways i guess .
does what it needs to do . you need to pay a little extra to have it thicker with more protection .
this product underwhelms both baby and parents . it needs to be louder with different styles of music . pass on this one .
bought this for my daughter's crib . it's a rich , luscious color . it's very soft and the color seems to hold well through the washes .
not so fun for my 7month old , for some reason she has not pay too much attention to this specific toy
great to fill and throw into your travel bags and easily accessible for car rides etc - just don't over fill
this fit my graco snugride 30 perfectly ! i needed an extra base for our second car and this was a great deal .
my daughters think that this potty is a toy , because is so cute , perfect , they ( twins ) use it always . i love it too .
my grand daughter loves to feed herself , this bowl and silverware set will encourage that . i love that it also comes with a lid !
we've been using these bags for 6 months and they've kept their water-proof-ness through 3 washes a week for that time . excellant bags .
i love these cups although the tops are very hard to get on and off . i am hopping after using them they will get easier .
my baby love this toy ! it is colorful and cute and keeps her entertained for hours ! this is a great choice for a gift too !
i prefer this over a washcloth when bathing my baby but the price point seems a little high for a basic sponge .
soooo soft . bought this for my son for christmas and he loves it . plus the monkeys are adorable . love this .
i needed these larger jars as my milk supply increased so i wouldn't have to stop mid-pump and get more jars . they helped so much .
i bought this for my son who is teething he loves it . it makes cruching noise when he holds it and he plays with it for hours
the lid doesn't close properly . the spring works only some of the time because it gets stuck . i would have done better with a tupperware container .
this is a hoax . just makes the baby really warm . it takes a long time to dry after washing too .
i bought this for my daughter when i realized she was teething . she likes the different textures on her gums .
i love it and it is great for my toddler's twin bed . it does not fit on a crib that turns into a bed .
used for pic-nic and everybody loved this ! nice in a backpack also.good material , design , color.have fun with this !
my baby is learning to walk and this has saved her from a lot of hard falls ! i love it !
this product is exactly as described and fits the standard change pad that i also bought from amazon . its nice and soft and holds up in the wash
purchased this for my 5 month old grandson . he loves to jump and play with all the activities . i would highly recommend this jumperoo .
this cover is cute . the colors are not very bright . i wish they were in bolder colors . holds up well after several washes and pretty thick fabric
this is the third monitor that we have now for this set . we use all three of them every day . great product and price .
perfect for little fingers to grasp . fork tines are " sharp " enough to spear food items , yet not poke my daughter's mouth .
we recently switched to cloth diapers . some of them didn't come with doublers so i bought a pack of these and they have completely solved our leak problem .
see my review under ethan the penguin ; closes up as promised for a cleaner pacifier and panky the panda is adorable .
i wanted to buy this for so long , i got it when my baby was around 8 months and i regret not buying it before !
i honestly didn't notice that milk residue came off that much easier - will be sticking to dish soap ( much cheaper ) from now on .
this sponge is quite small and not very thick . i was a bit disappointed , but i will give it a try .
all bottles , nipples , containers , jars , teethers , small toys fit in this . does not take much space .
my 4 month old loves this ! ! ! i am thinking about getting another one just so that we can have a back up .
fits perfectly on my 6 month old's head . looks adorable and fits great . so soft and warm . and doesn't bother my daughter .
everything works as described . one thing to keep in mind is that sling is pretty small and your baby might outgrow it in 2 months or so .
very well made , easier than washing the entire baby carrier and work great . i don't mind if she puts them in her mouth--awesome that they're organic .
this is supposed to keep your kids safe . my 18mth old figured out how to open this in a matter of days .
the over head mobile will not stay upright if you wash it . not really worth the price after the fact but was a great idea .
works well for flat or inverted nipples . i use the skip hop pacifier pod to keep it clean and free of lint in my bag .
this pad cover makes a lovely addition to my daughter's nursery . the fabric is delightfully plush and the pattern is bright and cheerful . washes well , too .
nice quality lunch box for kids . comes with a drink container and waterproof stickers . my daughter loves creating faces on it .
my son is almost 4 weeks old . he likes this pacifier compared to the soothie or soother one we got from the hospital .
this is a nice toy my daughter play with it in her crib . it helps me entertain her when i'm changing her clothes and diapers .
this does not seem to tip , my biggest worry . it is light enough for my 2 year old to move . and , it looks cute .
these make a nice soft play area in the play area.they do not smell for more than one or two days.fits together greati would buy again
go to target , walmart or babies r us . its only $ 30 ! i bought mine last month . this is way too expensive .
i bought this on a whim and am so glad i did . it's adorable and really nice quality . i plan on ordering another one !
this fits perfectly for the britax b-ready stroller . love the holders . keeps my babies goodies in its place . must buy !
mine did not pass authenticity tests and did not work . we purchased a hazelaid after this and it works perfectly .
my daughter-in-law requested these so when our grandson starts standing in his crib he's not chewing on the edge . she loves these !
my son loves this toy . we have it in his crib right now and he likes playing with it before he falls asleep .
very useful for breastfeeding , especially to free your arms while breastfeeding . the cover seems a little rough but the pillow is soft enough .
we have tried many good brands , but this one is amazingly better . it makes my toddler's hair much smoother than all other brands we got .
i didn't get much use out of it but it was convenient to use . i'm a plus size mom so i did have to reposition .
most of the times the avent bottles cause a mess . don't know why sometimes they leak.the pink color is nice .
largest and softest blankets . multifunction for swaddling , nursing , bassinet cover , over car seat . thin , breathable , light weight , and easy to clean !
we got this jumper for my son at about 3 months old and he's been bouncing away in it daily ever since ! such a great purchase for us !
she sleeps on it and as far as i know she doesn't have any chiropractic issues yet.it functions perfectly as a baby mattress .
this mattress fit my graco crib perfectly ! easy to handle and my son is comfortable . would recommend this product to others
i like it , and use it to cook rice to my babyoxo tot 1 2 piece baby block set
we got the jump and go for our 6 month old son . he loves the bouncing and making all the lights and noises !
we got additional nipples so we don't have to wash as often . they've lasted long enough to be used for kid # 2 .
we purchased these hooded towels as part of a baby shower gift.they wash well and the mom is very happy with them .
great little gift for baby shower , babies love playing with colorful toys . this is fun and my grandbaby will enjoy it
really cute straps . fabric is soft & the taggies aren't rough or sharp like some i've felt . the stitching is tight & the velcro is strong .
i have this for my 7 month old since he holds bottles now . he has transitioned well to them , but its not completely spill proof .
these links come in handy when adding toys to the pack-n-play , to the jumperoo , or to the car seat . they are even great toys by themselves .
this is a great concept . worked really well when we first got it . now it won't stick to the tub . don't know what changed .
they are cute looking bottles and do not spill but my poor little girl could not get the milk out of these ! i would not recommend this !
very good , like . bought two , 180ml and 270ml , 180ml very small very cute 。 not used yet , i hope how to use will not leak
i take these everywhere . very easy and works well . my go to wipes for a messy toddler on the go .
entertains my kids whenever they have to be in their car seat ! love it . love the music and the lights and how the toys spin !
this is way cheaper than in stores , and nice to have a double pack so you dont run out , when you reorder the next one
these albums are the perfect gifts to give to my son's grandparents for christmas . filled with pictures first , of course .
the snaps at the shoulders has been helpful as its easier than having to shove my daughters arms through with other sleep sacks . its also nice a cozy .
so cute , and the blanket part is soooo soft and snugly . rolls up nicely and is super easy to wash and carry !
this bed is affordable and a perfect fit in our nursery . looks great . excellent quality . easy to assemble . good price . would buy again .
great idea , but my toddler manages to still dump all the food out of these . so we haven't been using them much .
very cute , is exactly as pictured . looking forward to using it . it washed well and looks nice . i would recommend this purchase to other buyers .
this is something i would recommend to all mom i use mine from 0-7 months , its fabulous and so easy to carry your baby
this is an excellent transitional bathtub for my 1 year old . it's very easy to clean and the designs are fun for your little one to enjoy .
easy to fit onto the pillow . it's good to have an extra slipcover for when the other one is in the wash .
these straps were very easy to install , but unfortunately 3 of the 6 i installed are already broken . not recommended .
the sling has a comfortable padding and is very easy to setup and adjust . price is cheap and the productnhas good quality .
i love the way this toy incorporates lots of different feels , and the price was great , i am a fan of the lamaze brand
my granddaugh love ths bk pack i do to i would reccomend to others its small cant put a reg size folder in it papers and stuff
this is great padding used to protect your forearm from bruising or hurting . i needed this and it works well .
perfect fit for baby so cute love the handles and the durabiblity that it has and that is kid safe
does what it is supposed to . basic and easy too use and little ones can't figure it out .
these work really well for us . we have a tried a few types of cloth wipes , and disposable wipes , and these are the best .
these actually work and hold up to toddlers . we are very happy with them and plan to buy more now !
it's well made and is showing no sign of wear 6 months later . baby also seems very comfy resting on it .
i have been using this blanket almost daily for 5 months , it washes well . it's thicker than most of the blankets i looked at .
it is small.may be i don't use it . don't know whether to use . but feel like the quality of this brand is good
nice quality , good paint ( although will streak wall if rubbed ) . slotted mount channels in back for easy hanging . nice touch to a baby room .
it didn't work for little one . he has never had a paci . i don't think anything is wrong with this product it just didn't work for us .
i always check with my wrist but our baby likes the water warmer than i originally anticipated this ensures we don't get it too warm . works great .
just as i expected . would be nice if they were packaged with the yellow part and flap , but it is exactly how they advertise .
these run very small . the large was supposed to fit my kid up to 40 lbs . he's only 30 lbs and can no longer fit in it .
these are safe no doubt.easy to installshort ... so i need two to cover my relatively small balcony.no more toys and even dishes landing on innocent pedestrians .
my one year old son is in love with everything elmo . this is a great set to start a toddler off with
my 4 month old loves this ! ! ! he laughs and talks at it and instantly fell in love with it ! it goes everywhere with him !
a nice addition to the portable crib / playpen . it fits perfectly for a neat little sleeping place . glad i bought it .
great shell but i was under he impression it came with inserts . this is not the case . the inserts need to be purchased additionally
these are so cute ! my daughter is learning to feed herself and they are the perfect size for her little hands .
wish my own remote played a few melodies ! this is a great little toy and best yet - it has low and high volumes ! ! !
perfect . exactly what i needed in my sons crib . soft and enough padding to give me the thought that he is comfy .
we use to hang bottle nipples and rings after washing . looks so cute on countertop and get compliments all the time .
why is it baby gets hungry to and from daycare ? these bottles are a safer alternative to letting baby hold his own bottle in the back seat .
my granddaughter uses these wet pads every time she changes the baby . they are great ... plus to put under baby in crib .
this thing is so convenient to have on my britax ! it's very durable and the pockets come in quite handy .
great cup , one of our favorites . perfectly leak proof when the lid is shut .
they fit my daughters wrists great , and they are super cute . but they are not very loud ! they function more as funny bracelets than wrist rattles .
these are great for baby bottles , and are pretty durable . we have had it for a while . the suction cup stand is very helpful as well .
when rear facing this takes up alot of room . we were unable to fit it rear facing in our 4 door sedan .
this has system has given me peace or mind . i know my grand daughter is safe while she is entertaining herself . great product , very study .
i bought this and the bumbo seat for a friend of mine and she abslutely loved it ! great price too !
love this nuk bottle ! great size for toddler eating size . no spills . my daughter loves it ! easy to hold as well .
i have tons of these and they seem smelly and need stripping more often than my cotton prefolds . they leak more often too .
it fits my medela pump in style perfectly and you can't even tell the difference between it or what originally came on it .
this hamper is much bigger than i expected . the quality is great and i love the material , would definitely buy this again .
i tried so many sheets and nothing fit my 7 inch mattress , finally these fit normally , so glad i got them , thanks
my daughter will only take the ugly binkies they give out at the hospital , thank god i found this , its adorable and she loves it .
i think my husband liked it more than my daughter ! haha ! it gives a nice soothing light , it looks nice on the ceiling .
the product is good until you realize you can't clean / wash it in the laundry . the instruction says to spot clean .
baby loved this activity mat . the tummy time pillow isn't that great but aside from that i love this mat .
it's a good product but my baby ( 2months now ) likes the smaller pacifiers a little better - perhaps when he gets bigger , he'll like it better
this is too big to my baby , maybe he can use it later . also the color is good , ma baby like it .
we put one or two of these inside the pre-fold at night and it helps keep the wetness off baby's skin for long periods of time .
i got this and it looks great but would not fit on table . had to send it back . overall cool looking just only works on thin tables .
easy to wash , unbreakable and shiny . junior loves them . the only problem is that they are a bit loud when she flings them across the room .
i bought two packs one is great the other fell apart quick . i like how soft they are . i would buy again .
the strings keep the netting off the baby , the mesh is tight enough to keep the bugs out , elastic fit over my carseat easily .
this fit , and was easy to install , i'm 55 came to my thigh area . its sturdy and easily to take apart . i would recommend .
i love these . great quality and great price . i love the suction on the bottom i only wish each bowl had its own lid .
this bouncer is totally adorable and my twin boys really enjoy the lights . a great buy for a busy mom !
holds a lot of supplies for size . like the dividers and is durable . easy to assemble and lightweight . great for tub soaking .
this works great for trimming my baby's nails . it's an imported item and i like to support american made products that is my only complaint .
i like it to clean bottles , but when i went to wal mart it was much cheaper than what was sold here .
have no choice but to change the nipple when the baby get old ... i think it's another one for + 9 month .
comfortable for baby , easy to use . fits perfectly on our changing table . i recommend to anyone needing a changing pad
bouhgt two of them for my twins , both of them work just fine , cover my new chairs and stay in place
this is an ok product but what can you expect for this price point.very cheap looking and thin . but better than nothing , i guess .
cute changing pad that fits all standard sized pads . it's very soft and repels stains very nicely . i would definitely recommend this pad !
my only negative is that unlike the medela brand the breast shield does not detach . otherwise , its a great buy !
excellent product , easy to install , easy to use , smells like baby powder , last for a long time before you need a refill .
ok so who can complain about teething rings ... perfect size and she now uses them all the time ... i say ladys buy them !
daughter plays with them but she prefers other teethers . i'm sure they are fine , our daughter just doesn't pay much attention to them .
these bottles are very durable and have lasted a long time . minus a little fading , these bottles look new and the parts still work well .
this product is so cute , i'm giving it as a baby shower present . not really sure how well they work but they definitely are cute .
these are cute sturdy cards . i liked the pictures with the opposite image on the flip side : black to white reversal .
terrible purchase - did not stay put on the faucet - threw it out after 2 weeks of trying to get it to work properly . waste of time .
allowed us to install the diono radian rxt rear-facing in a kia sportage . still a tight fit , but it wouldn't have been possible without the angle adjuster .
i bought this for my 2 month old for christmas . my baby loves it . my baby will sit in it for hours .
i bought this as a small playmat to bring with us on the go . the size is perfect and i love the colors and the mirror .
this is from my wife , she loves these and i got them for her for christmas . they are okay . '
great for multi use and excited to clean her up without chemicals . i will purchase more for this price an quality .
looks stable and fits my bathinette perfectly , it will be great since i am very squimish to bathe newborns for a while .
very cute , matches the room perfectly , was easy to put together ! perfect size for the space i have for it .
this mattress is firm , just like you want for baby . my son started sleeping in his crib at 3 months and he seems to be comfortable there .
my daughter has 2 teeth , and we brush them nightly . we use a bigger toothbrush at home , but this one is good for travel .
my 9 month old likes pulling the rings off and putting them in his mouth . he also like to shake this . im satisfied with this purchase
would get 5 stars if it came with an option for an additional monitoring unit . other then that , its the best unit we have used so far .
this is perfect ! easy for my daughter to hold on to and get into her mouth . she seems to love it .
this glider is comfortable , and the padded arms make feeding a baby very pleasant . spot cleaning will be necessary because the fabric is such a light color .
this size is great for when baby is just starting to eat solids . i love that they are microwave and dishwasher safe too .
this barely fits my baby's mattress and they are very thin . i don't expect these to last long at all .
i did not have much milk so brought this and it was good and solved the purpose.good that i did not invest much on electric pumps
the suction cups don't work that well and so while this a very useful item , it doesn't stay in place well ... so i've stopped using it .
loved that it's a little padded . love the material . very good purchase , would buy again . maybe they can add a pink one ? :)
absolutely love these ! they are adorable and durable . they last long and my son loves them . couldn't be any happier .
this brush is okay . i did not find anything special about it . it does its job . it does look pretty durable .
very helpful , quickly makes my 1 - month-old calm . it would be even better if it comes with a head support for infants .
better than other stick on bowls i've tried , but my son can still get this off if he wants to .
the cup has a very good quality , suitable for baby , my kids really like it . i believe that every family needs it .
i love this mattress pad . this is very comfortable and makes all the difference in the comfort of the mattress .
this is the first time i have ever seen the bouncy cow , my little grandbaby loved this , iwould recommend to anyone with a toddler
good size and quality . bigger than than the normal ones you see around but smaller than the toddler ones . i'm happy
these are great spoons they just wear out quick and are really easy to melt . i get them cause they are cheap and easy to to travel with .
this toy is so cute ! my kids love playing with it . it's well made , durable , and cleans up nicely . thank you !
great for baby food , toxic free . had it for almost a year and they hold up really good . you can freeze them and dish washer safe .
both my sons used these pacifiers . they both like these pacifiers . great product for the price paid . they are good until 5 months .
i got these for my baby to have at day care . they help keep her snug and secure feeling while she naps and you can't beat the price .
help me out dealing with the soreness and pain of first weeks of breastfeeding . may be useful for teething period .
i love that this product is environmentally friendly . it's easy to clean so it doesn't bother me that i can't put it in the dishwasher .
very good , looks good and it does what suppose to do: protects the baby's teeth and the crib ; love it
it's a great nail clipper when you're not using the magnifying glass ... that honestly just makes it even harder to see than without it .
my son loves this . he can hold it and turn it around in his hands to chew on the different textures .
the book has a very good quality , suitable for small children , my kids really like it , my choice is smart.thank you
they are very soft . it was a good purchase and the price i paid , it was well worth it . the image well matches with the product .
this is the second one we bought . i didn't even bother attaching the leash to the bottom attachment and just attached it to one of the straps .
at first i didnt think i would want a wipe warmer but this works great for not startling the baby with cold wipes on her butt .
really loved the product , was just perfect on my daughter , looked good and daughter loved it.nice qualitywill always recommend buying from this store
all lamaze toys have been fun , colorful and entertaining for our little one .
my child never really got interested in this toy . it's a cute idea i am just not sure it's the perfect teething toy .
i love these nail files and use them instead of scissors as i clipped her skin even with these scissors . the nail files work great though .
one refill lasts around a month in my house . i haven't had any problems with tearing and we pack each bag full !
my daughter has been using this playmat since he was 2 months old . he is now 5 months and still reaches for it daily .
well made and easy to clean . the base catches water and comes apart which makes it easy to clean and drain .
this sheet is very very soft - feels like flannel . fits the pack and play perfectly and have washed it several times . would highly recommend .
these pads are too thick and too small ... i usedevenflo 60 count simplyabsorbent nursing padbefore and liked them better . will not buy avent's anymore ...
this is a great swing ! no gripes ! it makes baby happy and is portable , too ! so baby's happy everywhere you go !
i bought the actual pump used and even though the person said they had never used it i still wanted my own new supplies . these worked great !
works well still 2 years and 2 kids later . the only thing is it eats the batteries and they need to be changed too often .
these work great as a changing pad for little babies . they can absorb a small infant's bladder full if released .
this is a great organizer , i don't know what i would do without it . use it daily when i take my son on his walks .
very cute walker with " car " functions , such as steering wheel , blinkers , horn , etc . keeps baby entertained for a short period .
i would not recommend these for use in a bathroom . kids can easily pull them down and / or fart in their direction and they will fall .
does the job . period . done . as advertised . gets home in time . fits baby's mouth . feeds baby . what else can i say ?
i like the blanket but the tag says 100 % cotton , mentions nothing organic but yet it was listed and sold as an organic blanket .
our daughter tosses her binkies overboard every night , and this keeps them from getting stuck between the crib and the wall .
i like these they are great , they do the job they are intended to do and protect my lo's clothes from all the messiness of solids !
my 3 month old granddaughter was absolutely thrilled ! ! ! she gazes at the bright animals and the music keeps her entertained .
i use this at work for my pump parts and it works great ! so much better than using paper towels
my son has been sleeping better since we got the mat . we put it in his crib and on the floor for him to play on .
my daughter likes it okay especially if i play it for her , but it is too loud . i guess it is educational ...
this is a great dense sponge . the only thing i would say is less than perfect is it's not as soft as i would like .
this does exactly what it says it does . just make sure you keep it moist and it lasts for a while !
very colorful , well made , it will stand a little baby's biting and abuse . i am sure my grand daughter will have good time biting its corners
my son is 10 months old and still uses this . he's just so comfy in it . i think this is a must have .
delivery was very quick . i'm very happy with the product . it is very good quality , protects baby's head from bumping on the crib . beautiful print .
this thing rocks ! ! my little man wouldn't stay in the bob for too long before , now he looooves it ! highly recommend .
washable says it all ! i need to order my son a blue one ! catches fluids too ! makes clean ups at feeding time so much easier !
this mattress is nice bc it seems larger then normal baby mattresses but still fit perfectly in a standard size crib .
so much stuff to do on the saucer and now she figured out she can bounce in it . she has a blast .
my son almost lost his first so this was a must , .. 9 months old and still loves it ! sleeps with it every night !
the bristles are far too rough for a baby's mouth ! i threw this in the garbage and purchased the colgate baby toothbrush . what a waste of money .
medela is the best and these membranes are perfect . easy to replace and keep my pump running like new . of course i'd get them again .
these burb clothes are cute and decent quality . however , i find them to be a bit too small . they are barely larger than a washcloth .
cheaply made and unattractive . not quality i was expecting nor does it really resemble the picture . save your money for other storage options .
these work ok , thr top that you put the food in does not stay closed very well though . the disposable ones work better .
this organizing station works great with the wipe warmer . worked out great . can't beat the price . a must if you have the warmer .
i don't know why kids love these but they do ! my kids can't be without any of their taggie blankets .
these discs work well with avent products . they also fit in my lansinoh bottles .
my 2.5 month old daughter really enjoys this little caterpillar rattle , however , it does seem smaller than i had anticipated .
seem to be a great product . they are a little pricey , but hopefully stand the test of time , over the more cheaply made mats .
i use this with my smaller stroller and it's great . fits all the stuff i need when going on quick walks to cvs or a long afternoon stroll .
i like gerber products . my son uses gerber bottles so i have to buy gerber nipples . fast flow works great for my 30 months-old son .
this is a must if you plan to pump ! i only pump once or twice a day , and i highly recommend it !
great tool for potty training . loved the monkey and book . effective for reinforcement . i didn't like the idea with the wet doll .
well my babies do not play with it as often as other toys but still use them now and then .
the most important thing in this is that i can set baby's arms free and still be sure he is completely covered all the night .
these sheets are super soft and wash well . very good product for the price . color stays nice too . would definitely recommend .
as we speak my son is still getting weaned off baby bottles at 22 months ( took a while ) . still looking for one he likes
its a sheet not much to talk about had a new born baby girl need some crib sheets fits good matches the crib cheap worth buying
this bowl stays put no matter how my grandson tries to get it off , great suction cup holder ! quality as all boon products !
great bottles , love the shape etc but my daughter just won't take bottles even from the first day home ... le sigh
each is a different size to fit any type of training cup . it has fit every training cup we have ever had .
this was recieved as a baby shower gift . my son has loved it since he was born and even now at 10 months old . highly recommend it !
great deal for new tubing for a borrowed pump since there isn't a way to sanitize tubing . no complaints at all .
i was pretty excited about this but a a little disappointed the cling is not very clingy ! only sticks half way
serves me what i need and fits almost any type of towels that i purchased in the market , the quallity is great
we have an array of different teethers and the baby really likes this one - it is different from others and apparently very effective in relieving discomfort .
well made , holds up well in the wash , no fading , and does not wrinkle easily . everything you need in a crib sheet .
this is such a pretty bag but it us too big for my needs so it is being returned . maybe a regular boxy in place of it .
been looking at websites , and these are a great at less than one dollar each . looking forward to using these for babies first few sponge baths .
good quality kneeler ! its firm but comfortable and , obviuosly , waterproof . it would be a 5 - star if it would be a little bigger .
super cute elephants . i love how soft the material is and it was really easy to wash up ! love it !
my 16 month old daughter loves to dance to this and has for months , the classical music isn't annoying . enough said .
i kind of wish i could've picked the color bc i got pink , and i have a son - but it serves its purpose
these bibs are fantastic because the velcro closure stays flat so it won't irritate my baby's neck . they are a bit thin but still absorbs well .
nice music , nice product , but it fails at its intended purpose . in a moving vehicle , baby barely notices the thing !
great to help keep it in their mouth starting at bith.only reason it did not get all stars : difficult to wash / clean because the animal doesnt detatch .
this product is exactly what it says it is . i can't tell the differenc from the one that came with the joriginal carseat .
very happy with waterproof liner , since it lies very flat , unlike other liners i've used . i've subsequently ordered 3 more liners !
i love these , i use only cloth diapers and ordered a few packs , but one 3 - pack would have been enough !
only one thing to say buy it ! if you have a toddler you will need this and it works great
looks great but not particularly sticky so the edges tend to curl up , which is visible in pics . just ok .
i love these they are great for bath time and they are hard to rip or eat . i will get another set when i need too .
# 1 brand for breast pumps ; it helped me to overcome difficulties when i have to go to work and cannot breastfeed my little baby .
these balls are the right size for many toys , which is great . they get lost easy , which isn't so great .
i feel so much more comfortable at night since buying this one . especially while co-sleeping , and while transitioning to the crib .
we will be returning - went with the baby bjorn original instead . this was so stiff and uncomfortable both for her and us .
protect the stuff inside from those little hands , great for the price , stayed in place . if child doesn't insist stays in place
so easy to use - break down n set up . and it fits the immediate needs . great purchase for the value .
my son loves his pacifiers & we found out that avent seems to be the best . the product holds up well after many uses .
this product is good . the only thing i dislike about this product is that it's too big for the baby bag .
visually pleasing.crinkle skirt.has several " taggies " for fine motor skills.love the fact it has the large loop to secure it to carseat , stroller , etc .
nuk bottles and pacifiers are the only brand my daughter likes . easy to clean , i highly recommend trying them . of course , the designs are cute .
good highchair toy . not as good as the other sassy suction toys . the light up bulb makes it lopsided so it doesn't spin well .
way better than doing it the old fashion way ! ! it has always been reliable and accurate in my experience .
my son started to use these cups at 4 months , and had bought them ever since ! they are perfect and the price made it even better !
it works perfect for sterilizing and drying the bottles quickly . for being made from plastic seem to be good build quality .
love it , it is so cute and we have gotten lots of complements on it . it looks very high quality and is an extremely reasonable price !
i still leak with these . they aren't as absorbent as ones i bought on etsy . basically i only use them when i'm desperate .
this is a great spoon . it's pricey but it's so easy on baby's gums that she gnaws on it sometimes
i thought people crazy recommending this product . till i tried it and then i became a believer . my daughter slept so much better .
a simple bath time traditional toy . cute , easy to clean , item as described for a good price in easy open net packaging .
this book gets you through the first 5 years . it has some great pages to document all the little things you want to remember about your little one .
baby loves to bounce in it , and it's color scheme isn't an eyesore in our house . the tray is really nice too . great item !
these were very reasonably priced , i just saw them at my local store last night for more than i paid for them . they are very bright and colorful
now i feel secure to bathe our baby ! ! you really think in a practical , colored , portable safetty baby product.than you ! !
we love this monitor . it is a nice step up from our older monitor . great screen , battery lasts for the night without issue . highly recommend .
i wish they had these swaddleme when i had my children . i think they are wonderfu and i hope the mom enjoys using them .
we enjoyed the first towel we purchased , i went back to order more . the towel is made well and use quality materials . i recommend this product .
these are great and make my life so much easier . i like that i can see if i have turned off the stove . would highly recommend these .
i like the splash guard for my son . i just wish my son would use it . either way this toilet seat does the job .
we attached this to my kitchen counter and its great , no need for a high chair . definitely a must buy
this product is wonderful for the baby - keeps them busy , happy and occupied ! ! very easy to put together and take apart .
this says it fits all prince lionheart warmers . not true , i had to return it and purchase another model which then fit
no more pee-pee fingers on this toddler . additionally , he enjoys " helping " re-latch , so a nice participating helping tool thinger too
fits well , does its job , and soft & nice looking . my little one looks cute in it . price is good too .
i really love it . make our small guy look so cool . also our kid love to play with it too .
my 3 month old son loves this blanket . he especially loves the crinkle sounds it makes when you play with it .
i place these on the swing , lounger , bassinet they are really absorbent and fret for little boys with leaky diapers
the gray coloring is perfect . this changing pad cover is very soft and fits our changing pad perfect . also washes well without fading .
if was totally useless in our situation . did not help with baby's burping and in addition my baby kept sliding down .
my daughter absolutely loves this teether - great colors and textures . the reason for only 4 stars is , that the teether is a bit heavy .
i really like the idea of this bottle brush , but it was hard to use when it came down to cleaning our wide mouth playtex ventair bottles .
works well with my instyle pumpno problems with fit and finishonly wish the tubes could be sanitized instead of just washing in warm water
i would only buy this is i knew the baby i was putting it on was a light wetter . it leaks all the time
its soft and looks cute . i am happy with it . i will work in my baby's room . will get as gift for someone else .
great place to safely put babys water toys even keeps to the wall when i overload it . lol . super cute colors too .
this is one of the better quality plastic toys we got . it is pretty heavy duty and should stand up to years of abuse !
works great for those closets your toddler won't stay out of.easy use and doesn't mark door frames . i purchased additional for other closets .
i purchased this to use for soiled diapers . it's perfect ! it is sturdy , waterproof , washes easily and is a perfect size .
we have had this for a long time and still holding up and i can throw it in dishwasher to clean i love it
this carrier is great for the price . i didn't want to spend $ 50 + for something i wasn't going to use a whole lot .
thank goodness for this little bear , now when my daughter wakes in the night she can easily find her pacifier . wish i'd found this a lot sooner .
easy installation ! we have loved this car seat . my son is comfortable in it . has been a great car seat .
good idea liked it in the beginning .. but when i got it i thought they were waaay too bulky ! ! i returned both of them
this product was too big for my daughter's head . so we will try again in the next month or so . overall it is ok .
cute innovative design and it is easy to change the lock combination.it is small but it does get the job done ! lock your investment people !
these work great , but they are unnecessarily expensive . but for the most part , the smell is at a minimum and they do a good job .
it is my baby girl's first pillow . it is very cute and soft . she is willing to sleep on it
we use this cut at each every bath ! ! ! very practical and no getting hurt if baby makes jerky motions , which happens a lot .
these are great . easy for my daughter to suck and chew on . i froze them with chamomile tea for my daughter who is teething .
easy for my 7mo old baby to hold and teeth on . safe for baby ! cute design and easy to clean .
one person posted that you need a new screw size as the plate is thicker than standard - this is true but mine came with the longer screw .
i love this pump ! it's the best single pump i've tried , and i've had a few different ones .
100 % cotton and good size for homemade baby wipe use . they do stain but can be bleached . definitely worth the price ... good quality !
this is nice for the kiddies bathroom . your kids will like it . the different colors also adds flavor to it . i recommend this anyway .
this actually made it harder to hold the bottle for my baby . it also seems very cheaply made . i am not sure why it costs so much .
just what you need for the braun ear thermometer . snaps on easy and discards easy . no problems with this .
my 5 month old granddaughter likes this toy for the music and the lights . nice classical tunes . i wish each tune played a little longer though .
this is our second dr . brown's bottle brush . they are sturdy and do the job . using this one for our second grandchild .
one of the best teethers we have got ... practical , easy to clean , attractive to babies , could be cheaper i think ...
i bought these for my son to play with in the tub whose 1 1/2 and he absolutely loves them !
this is a beautiful diaper bag and great quality . this is my second timi and leslie bag and i love them
i can't find any warranty information anywhere . after 6 months of gentle use , a big screw came out and no longer can be fastened .
ours has worked well for us for seven months so far with no problems . it picks up sound well , even on low volume settings .
this item was as described . it helps black bottom of our stroller to feel cooler for our baby and helps keep moisture away . i recommend .
this was perfect for my son to use while i was coaching a tournament and someone was feeding him . i could take it anywhere !
my baby girl isn't big on pacifiers , but she loves this one more as a teether . it's big enough that she can easily hold and turn it .
fit my 2 1/2 year old perfect they will last a very long time . he loves wearing them , and they are comfy .
i got a bunch of these sets , with different patterns . they are printed on thick paper , and are very cute designs ...
these worked well for about 10-12 washes , then they began to all leak in the legs . the minky ones seemed to better than the others though .
this is a bargain . i bought just the nubby ball alone for $ 5 in the past . my baby loves these balls .
love the way to keep track of when your milk is pumped . so easy to use and convenient to store !
i like these i bought them becaus e they are made from bottles but they work just as well as the blueberry trainers
teething stinks we all know how babies suffer but this little item came very handy and my little guy loved it
this is a beautiful , handy , stylish diaper bag . it looks amazing and i love the backpack feature ! great diaper bag ! ! !
i will never go back to snap bibs again ! ! it's much more comfortable to put on my little one and super easy .
these are perfect for our son , you can use them to wash his face to his toes and they are super soft and just the right size
bought this for my grandson . very small but cute and soooo soft . great for infants as the smaller size makes it easier to grasp .
soft & very fluffy . did not shrink in the wash , fit crib mattress perfectly . down side - it ’ s made in china .
great product . our daughter loves the constellations . 3 colors for the stars , cute soft ladybug . definitely a good buy for younguns .
our little one likes to chew on the ergobaby carrier straps so this will save on the wear or any discoloration of the straps !
it is ok . it does protect my leather and have an organizer but i have an suv and it runs tight and small .
based on the picture , i thought it would be a little bigger but it's actually a great size and very cute !
bought this thinking it may work ... they don't fit trader joe juice boxes . i guess they may fit another juice box .
me and my husband always fought over who got to use to cup holder so now we got 2 ! took alittle time to put on but worth it !
nice that it's small and portable . but baby doesn't like sleeping in it at all . isn't very comfortable and the pad is very thin . bad buy .
this is soooo super cute and plush . perfect for a girl or a boy . i purchased it for my nephew and it goes great with his nursery !
this is totally cute and really handy ! it looks great in my children's bathroom . i give it 5 stars ! ! super cute , easy to use
the mirror was easy to install and provides a clear view of our baby from our rear-view mirror . we haven't had any problems with it so far .
super handy for mom's who want to read , catch up on emails , or shop amazon while they pump ! why not be productive while you pump ? ;-)
i've laundered it dozens of times and it's study as day one . the hanging hook is really useful for day care .
my 7mo old little boy loves to play and chew on it while in his car seat . great product and a great price !
i'm worried these nipples flow too fast . i wish i'd gone with a different bottle system . i have friends with other glass bottles who've had better experiences .
these are great pieces and great size . work great with existing pumps and works great for the baby too . would recommend .
it doesn't stay inflated for more than a few hours , it's easily pulled off by one year old ... plastic smells really bad ..
not expensive . allows our little one to reach the water without having to stand on tip-toe on his little step-stool .
both my mother and my mother-in-law carry this in their purses . it's exactly what grandmas want to show off their grandchildren ( especially a new baby ! )
we've been using this for almost 6 months and have had no trouble with it . i feel comfortable relying on it each night with my kids upstairs .
great product . we keep the base in our freezer and take the lid to our daycare provider to store the flattened bags .
our son refuses to wear these . i think the rubbery neck around the bib bothers him . i really wanted to like these but our baby didn't .
most sunshades do not stay on the window . we tried three other brands before finding these . i love that they stay where you put them !
well-worth the investment . easily portable , nice and safe to place baby in there for a bit , easy to clean , and my baby loves it !
i bought these to see if they fit on the dr . brown's standard bottles . they do not so i will not be using them .
not what i expected when i bought this . it has an insert that a weight to put on top of the wipes .
this only works with some britax car seats so make sure you pick the right one . it's the perfect size for my daughter's sippy cups .
this product comes with spanish language and its quite simple for a 3 - year old toddler . would not recommend to buy .
i never used this product - it was too small for my mutsy stroller-unfortunately - i am still looking for one that fits
worked perfectly , always easy to spot our stroller at the gate check . having the storage pouch attached to the bag is also very handy .
nice and fittable ! very soft and lovely dots pattern . bought a lot of those and use them in bassinet at bed and in my stroller bassinet .
my son loves this . now that he is 6 months he plays with it in the car or when in the stroller
cute changing pad cover ; matches jungle theme ; washes well ; fits the padbaby likes the design ! i bought another one from the same company .
purchased for a friend after i had the same one for my son . it's a must have . slept like a baby .
we love our wubs ! i have recommended to many friends . if your baby uses a soothie pacifier these are great !
what you see is what you get . no complaints . plug in tightly and don't overlap the socket beneath . works as advertised .
this is awesome . it fits perfectly on the changing table and doesn't lose it's shape . great deal for the price
we were looking to replace our worn out nipples and these were the exact same ones that came with the original bottles !
this gate wraps around the bottom of our staircase and actually doesn't look horrible either ! does the job and looks ok .
this little flimsy bumper is not only not for a standard crib but too small and cheap for the tiniest cradle .
i got this hamper to go with my sons bedroom set . it was nice when i got it and worked well , but didn't last long .
my 5 months old baby loves this little toy . it squeaks , is soft , and a bright color . i like that it is washable .
my sons favorite toy ! ! ! he is now 10months and has been playing with it since 5 months . he loves the clanging and loud noise .
fits well , relatively easy to get on . washes up nicely too . my little guy looks very cute in it and works perfectly for messy meals !
love the smell ! tube fits great in my diaper bag .. i use it when lo is in his cloth diapers and when he isn't !
this is essential to keep the main fence going . easy to maneuver and separate to cover maximum areas needing coordinated off .
this does what it is made to do ! i like how you can adjust the position fairly easily.nice and big .
soft and easy to wash . i use it to wipe my baby's face and during baths all the time . good buy .
this is really plush.colorful too ! well worth the purchase . i just wish they sold the whole zutano owl with this , but nevertheless a good buy .
very cute but does not come close to fitting . read the description carefully as it will not go over a spout with shower pull .
i loved using these bottles to store my milk . it was the perfect size . i would recommend these to anyone breastfeeding .
washes great . lighweight . only wish i had one as big as living room floor since now shes crawling everywhere and doesnt stay on mat now .
the product is complete for a first care kit . i like the pink color . it came on time and the quality is good .
you can never have enough of these laying around ! ! its just even better that amazon has such great deals on them , the prices are unbeatable !
nice set of 4 balls . he loves the big ones , but all will probably be used one time or another . bright colors , easy to hold .
i've been extremely happy with my diaper dekor and the liners - they are easy to install and i like the idea that these are biodegradable .
this is the only bottle my breastfed baby will take with ease . it has a nice feel as well . loving them !
what's to love ... stabilitycolorsound or notbeing able to turn to different stationscomfortinterestjumping action to develop those little leg muscles
this is horrible . it does not stick to anything . do not waste your money . i was really hoping it would work but no .
some of the sounds are creepy and the sound selection isn't great ( an ocean option would be nice ) but the running water sound does the trick .
bought as part of gift , washed and they look & feel horrible ! ! waste of money ! ! so sad i ordered these ! !
used this for over 2 years . i am actually just now reviewing this because i just ordered more . love it .
easy to install . easy to operate . good height . no pinch points ! keeps my son out of the kitchen and bathroom
never regret buying this cover . cute design and super soft fabric.wash for many times , still good as new.highly recommend
these sheets are so soft and comfortable . my son loves them ! he sleeps so much better on them and likes to cuddle on them .
very sweet design , soft and so far it has held up to multiple washes . it fits my standard crib mattress very snug .
we purchased this in preparation for the arrival of our son . installation was very easy . the construction of the mirror looked pretty durable .
the towel is thick material and not flimsy . love the color does not fade after many washes . great buy . highly recommended .
looks cute on my crib and was easy to install , but my son isn't all that interested . maybe later ? ... he is 3 months old .
wonderful.very functional and safe , easy to use . my son feels good . i recommend it 100 % . i love it
2nd favorite bibs only second to frenchie . not for newborns at 2 months she can wear them well .
my twin grand daughter don't like it , it seems bother them around the neck , it needs to be softer around the neck .
it's a good fit for the mattress and a nice , soft sheet . it's good quality for the price . i have bought several more .
the feeding bottle has a very good quality , suitable for small children , my kids really like it . my choice is right .
my 6 month old loves to use these spoons to feed himself . they're colorful and easy to hold , which he loves .
i would like to see better quality mahram thicker ! we are can look better quality for this price . for example carters .
nice and soft / pliant . my little one is perfectly comfortable in this , and the reverse-direction zipper works great . so glad i found this !
these are prefect for pretty much all sippy cup straws and it's the best deal with four brushes in a pack .
this brand is not as durable as my other wetbag but gets the job done by keeping at least 4 of my night time diapers inside with inserts
very soft just didn't fit well . too small for our pad . disappointing . if it weren't for sizing issue we would love it .
so helpful to get comfortable at night ! must get for pregnant women ! i hesitated to get one but not regretting the decision .
both my baby and i like using this bottle but given the shape , it falls over much more easily than other bottles .
great for potty training a toddler ! the thick middle helps absord pee and ( runny ) poops instead of thinner undies that would leave the floors a mess .
this lamp fitted perfectly with my animal themed nursery . unfortunately the giraffe was broken with it arrived :( aside from that , i love it
great at wicking away moisture , had it for about a month and it still looks brand new ! love it would highly reccomend
these links are good for connecting toys and hooking them onto gear or play time . basic links at a good price .
very flexible and small , so a child can push the whole teether into her mouth . this product should be recalled .
i love this crib . it is such a beautiful simple tradtional crib . very easy to put together . i use it without the wheels .
the plastic seems a bit cheap and doesn't really stick onto the side of the bathtub . would not recommend this .
these are really great for keeping your curious toddler safe ! ! if i could ask for an improvement it would be if they were slightly smaller in size .
cute looking but not very useful . my 9 month old daughter just rips it off the table and throws it on the floor .
best baby carrier out there . the newborn insert isn't that handy , but this doesn't kill your back . it's very comfortable
we have tried about seven different brands of bottle and found that nuk really fits little hands the best and the nipples don't leak .
i buy these for baby gifts . everyone knows a + a , and appreciates them . i keep several on hand for gift giving . always a hit .
good materials , great design and good colors . my daughters love them ( they are twins ) . easy to use and 100 % portable .
love the feel of this changing pad . i also really like how it has the holes for the straps of my changing pad .
it looks nicer than the regular plastic drying racks and more sanitary . won't be used forever , but it will do the job for the time being .
our grandson likes this but his rings are still his favorite . it's a little big for chewing on . good for looking at .
cute print but fades a bit after a few washes , very handy though to have an extra cover for all the accidents :)
my daughter loves this ! and it hugs the faucet very tightly so the safety factor is a plus . and the ducky is quite cute too .
the concept is great , but if your baby is born at over 8 lbs , he / she will outgrow it in about a month .
we have the graco pack n play " on the go " and the sheet fits the bassinet feature fine . easy to wash , stayed soft .
my son used this once and its already broken . doesn't work as well as other reviews . too bad .
product came well packaged . shipped fast . perfect for anyone looking for an alcohol free witch hazel . i can't wait to try their am and pm formulas .
good for little babies eating solids.my daughter eats by herself and uses bigger spoons now . so this is great for young babies .
my son still loves this lil thing many months after he should have cast is asunder . its his car friend now .
my daughter hates tummy time , so i bought this hoping it would help . it doesn't she still hates it . and the toys on it suck .
the bottles i got were bigger and shaped differently than pictured so they didn't fit with the lansinoh manual breast pump i have .
super cute ! however , i thought i would be getting yellow and they sent me blue but i dont care becuase the blue ones are just as cute !
it's too big . i returned it cause it was not as expected . don't like this product around my baby . it's a harzard
they are easy to use and keep your pre-fold in its proper place while you put the cover on your wiggly baby .
these fit the door and work just as advertised ! perfect for stopping pinched fingers and also keeps the door slightly ajar for the cats to come a go .
this pacifier was recommended to me by a lactation consultant because they are thinner and lighter than other pacifiers . unfortunately , my son just won't take any pacifier .
got this as a gift for a friend , its soft , holds well on the wash . my kids also love it .
but my daughter loves it . a little too much . i have to leave it turned off or she'll just sit on it and flush it 200 times .
no more kicking off socks , covers or blankets . i love that i know he is sleeping warm and cozy bundled up in his wearable blanket .
these are really good for cleaning standard mouth bottles . they fit through the neck nicely and seem to be holding up well . i really like them .
it was a great bottle for the 2 weeks i used it . but my daughter had graduated to safe sippy 2 for straw learning yay lol
these are perfect for hanging things or hang alone . my baby loves it . i love all the colors and textures .
helps with baby's development with hold on to things and shaking stuff with his hand . it is also a good toy for helping a baby with crawling
these are the only sippy cups my son cannot break or make leak . if you have a baby that is super rough you need these cups .
these are cute and i am sure they will do the trick > more later when my grandson will actually get to use these
even though the instructions say they should be put on a flat surface , these have worked resiliently on both our oval-shaped and round-bowled toilets very well .
all three broke under a year's use . but super cute . may still buy again since daughter really liked them ! sometimes that's what matters ...
these are the only ones i used . they are soft and were not showing though clothing . i highly recommend these .
works great , handy , nice to have so many timers when you are juggling a baby . easy to use and smaller than i thought which is great .
these sheets are amazing for cribs ! it makes changing out sheets for washing so much easier ! and the colors match with the decor !
i have been using this since the day i brought my baby home . it has tons of storage room and it's super cute .
our baby loved it , production quality is very high , very secure product , i am following different toys of this brand .
easy to put together . good sturdy crib . love the fact it will grow with the child . terrific price . love the color .
these bags are great and so much easier that the ones that do not hook to the pump . we got them very quickly
our daughter cannot stop chewing these ! they are bright , colorful , light , soft but sturdy ... very nice product ! would buy again as a gift ...
gave this as a present for a new mom of twins . the mom loved it so much , she bought another one for the other twin !
work very well for little tiny baby fingers . i feel confident using them on my baby from when he was one month old and up .
fits nicely in my changing table . contour holds baby well . easy to wipe clean . been using it for 4 months now . recommendable .
this was exactly what i needed to convert some 4 month old sippy cups to those that could be used by my 11 month old . thanks
best potty covers i have used this far . i have tried a few brands and these are great . they don't slip off
this sleep sack looks like it does in the picture . it is soft and seems very cozy for a baby . i am very satisfied with my purchase .
i think this will be great , it fit the crib perfect seems very durable as baby has not arrived just yet cannot really say how it will hold up
this is a great bowl . it helps those little ones who are still learning to eat without spilling . i recommend to others to get this .
can handle heavy bags , water jugs , great for diaper bags . the velcro is strong and the green part is non slip .
great , i just loved the baby cowboy blanket ! it arrived in a timley manner in great condition and looked even better than described in the ad .
there are more leaks with this cover than other covers that we purchased so more wardrobe changes result after a bowel movement
these fit the pump and are usable , but they often get stuck and are very difficult to remove . the membranes are thinner than the medela brand also .
so happy to have found training pants that fit my petite 20 month old . they are cute and well made .
some rattle , some make " crinkle " noises . all are easy to grab , stack and shake . throw them as well . perfect toy for newborn +
we got this for our granddaughters room . super cute and a much better price from amazon than anywhere else . looks great in the room !
works perfect with the breast pump of the same make . no better way to extract your boob juice than this .
very soft product , works well with the standard pad . colors blend well with pretty much any boy nursery decor . happy with purchase .
this sheet fits perfectly on dream on me foam to use on graco bassinet travel light.really soft sheet ! easy to wash .
i ordered this mattress to go in a portable crib . it fits perfectly . i would recommend this mattress . it is lightweight , and well made .
these cloths are not the size and heft of regular washcloths by carters . they are small and thin . i will not buy again .
very reasonable in price and i have got two now , for two homes.it is relatively safe and easy to carry around .
my friend has bought one couple of days before . he said it's nice . it's so light in weight that a women can carry it easily .
great concept , but after a few weeks of use .. the inner sealed cover leaks . too bad , cause initially my son did great with it .
easy to clean , to store and pour formula out.design is simple but did its job.happy to have this while out with baby
cute and fun toy for babies . my son is 4 months and just starting to learn to play with rattles and such .
this fitted crib sheet is so much cuter in person than pictured , it's the perfect addition to my sons crib :)
this is exactly what i needed for my 3 year old . small plastic tumbler with a wide base . inexpensive . would buy again !
these where inexpensive and that is in fact why i bought them so i expected them to be very thin and i was correct in that .
would highly recommend - product is light weight and easy to use . i love how it is flexible and soft .
the long handle is useful for parents feeding their baby . the colors pop out to find it easily if you happen to drop one .
it is a very nice tooth brush and love the case . i find that little kids dont like the other side . maybe when they get older .
we use these for both medela breast pump parts and dr . brown's bottle parts . works flawlessly in the top rack and fits a lot of pieces .
very easy to use , combined with almost nothing to clean . the small cost of reusable liners is far overshadowed by their convenience .
my 4 month old loves to chew and play with this . its nice and soft and she seems to like the look and feel of it .
this thing is genius ! ! ! my son loves it . he's teething like crazy and will chomp on this thing for hourrrrs !
my son is very hot-natured so we can use this sparingly . but it does a great job of keeping him warm and snuggly .
this octopus coits is so much fun , can be difficult to get your child out of the bath , but then that's always a good thing .
this is soft , looks great in the nursery . buy two for when it will inevitably get dirty and need to be washed .
works as expected . we also love using it for tummy time . i wish that there was a handle on it , like there is on the lounger .
i only wish these bottles were compatible with the natural nipple tops but otherwise it's great and compatible with all the classic line
our baby likes the soft part but not the handle so i remove the soft part and transplant it into glow in the dark handles from walmart
i am working on my new baby boy nursery and i wanted a diaper holder . this one is very nice . it is a lot stronger than expected .
purchased this almost a year ago when my son turned 1 . he loves to sleep on this pillow .
comfortable and easy to clean . also got it for 25 % off on amazon baby sale . it will be good for up to 5 yrs old !
the fabric is kind of rough , like broadcloth . a few trips through the washer and dryer might help . it's a really cute print though .
absolutely darling with the softest materials you can imagine . i'm ordering another " antique looking " one for our house . wow , no more cranking .
love this sleepsack . very cute design , thick & soft knit fabric , smooth zipper action , plenty of room for our little guy to kick .
i washed the cover as directed and it melted and shrunk . havent used the product yet , going to try to replace cloth .
ovens get hot ( duh ) and the adhesive doesn't stick when the oven is used . fell off in a few days
they're small enough for little one's hands to enjoy without being too bulky . perfect addition to the diaper cake i made .
works great . easy to carry in my purse for whenever i need it . easy and fast to put on shopping cart . great product ! [ ... ]
my 16 month old loves this chair ... when he actually sits down . he also uses it to climb onto the couch . very happy with this purchase .
it is great if you are very busy and work all day and don't have time to clean every time the suction cups and all the other parts .
a little different from the standard animal in a nice bright color . we have 3 of these , one for home , one for daycare and a backup .
i use it in my indoor round stair and patio stair . to keep my child safe when walking up and down the stair . easy to install .
this works great just as it states with the diaper genie , costs less than the name brand , a no brainer !
my 7 month old happily sits on this potty and does his business . it fits nicely on any regular toilet making clean up a breeze - just flush !
all bottles are good quality , the different sizes are excellent to carry water , powder milk and several foods , and the rest of the products
i bought a mattress to fit the pack & play for when my grand daughter visits . this crib sheet fits the mattress perfectly .
used it for more than 4 months and still as good as new . the quality is really good.got it together with thishttp :/ / www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00433oqo6/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8=1789=390957=b00433oqo6=as2=travguid0ca-20
this toy keeps a child's attention . the spinning action and colors are great but the suction only works on certain surfaces .
fantastic item.value for money . good workmanship and color , will consider to buy more from this brand ! thumb up ! cheers ! :)
cute , fun designs and bright colors ! i like that these work as a bib and as a burp cloth . they are absorbent and sturdy .
i like it . it's soft and comfy . it shrunk a bit when i washed and dried it , it still fits my baby's porta-crib at daycare .
love these & i've tried several . durable , they don't leak , clean easily . finally bought the 4 pack and will keep buying these .
this is a great sippy cup.the handles make it easy for the kids to hold on to and the spouts are leak proof longer than most other brands .
i love this product , it looks soo real ! my lil man looks soo adorable with this bib on ! it's soo cute !
bought this for my 9 month old , kind of on the larger side of the sippy cup , kind of hard to use but it is okay
the cover fits great and is super soft ! the colors on it are very bright and the pattern is adorable .
my 12 month old loves these . should have gotten them sooner . since he always loved to chew on the little towels i would always wash him with .
what a good idea to help keep the smell at bay ... we are glad to have found this pail and filters
use them as a extra layer of comfort , but do not expect them to be like sleeping in the clouds .
this teether is great , my baby loves it . it is easy for him to hold and nice and pliable for gumming . a good find !
aden + anais make the softest baby blankets ever . these swaddle wraps are so pretty and soft . they get softer every time they get washed .
they are really nice blanket ... soft to touch and bright in color . hope my baby will like them .. i am due on july 8th !
i ordered these for my daughter who had just given birth 3 wks ago . they worked well but are not washable so ordered ameda brand .
my daughter loved this apple while she was teething . she liked it cool or even not cool , the squishy-ness and bumpiness helped ease her swollen gums .
these are fun and graphic colors . the edges are good for little hands to grab . good little buy for my little guy .
it's awesome and my daughter loves it the most and it has 2 compartments making it easy to separate cold from hot foods and beverages .
my baby cant live without these pacifiers . they give me additional hours of sleep daily because they help my baby calm down .
this looks like a great idea but it didn't even cover half the window of our van or prius window
i love this set and my son gets a kick of out of the monsters . but it was not functional compared to plain cheap ones we bought .
as always , dr . brown makes excellent products . these nipples are perfect for the older baby - 6 months + . will purchase again .
a must ! we used this for our daughter's fancy dressed occasions . think thanksgiving , christmas etc . now she uses at daycare for painting and it's perfect my
our 6 - month old daughter can grab these and throw them on the ground with the rest of her toys with no problem ! nice !
i was hoping that these would have a curve like a molded cup but it is completely flat , which means it doesn't fit as well under bras .
glass cleans better , lasts longer and doesn't give air that plastic bottles do . they may be more expensive but they last ten times longer .
love this crib ! style , size and color are perfect for us ) can't wait to start using it , only few month left ) )
love this play set , can't wait to teach my little one to shop for our healthy foods ! it was a great price and fast shipment
maybe because she is a bit older ( 16 months ) , she does not show much interests in this kind of simple-look toy any more .
this is my favorite crib i have bought ever i had many cribs before this one . i have plan to keep it for all my future kids :) ​
so far so good ! it's easy to install and my son ( 10 months old ) isn't able to pull it off .
this seat was great when our baby was a newborn . as soon as she started rolling over she could just roll out of the seat . very dangerous .
it is great playing with my baby peek a boo and he loves biting away on it as well , great for babies .
basic heavy plastic gate for a great price . easy set up and worth it ! it's cheap and functional but not flimsy .
i bought this for the bassinet and it was so soft . why don't they make sheets like this for adults ? highly recommend buying two sets .
it is the exact same company that makes eddie bauer line so it fits perfectly . got this to have one on each car .
doesn't stay in place very well at all . i ended up getting a different brand that snapped onto my stroller , much better !
love this for our newer model duallie . chicco keyfit sets in snug and actually locks in . very secure and happy with the product .
love the ties . the velcro style rubs the finish from the slats . very useful for little ones who are teething .
love them.they are thick and soft.just don't accidentally put the lighter color ones in with your whites !
i could not find one of these for cheap on island and i didn't pay shipping for this ! fits into my changer and my cover fits it perfectly .
i love these sheets for winter . they are so soft and i feel like they add an extra layer of warmth to the crib .
these things work perfect , but keep in mind you need to periodically rinse it out and soak it with new water and it will last longer .
it's a cute mirror for hanging on the edge of the crib . however it doesn't stand alone like it suggests in the picture
you can go wrong with this . it teaches them to put food in their mouth and you can walk away .
great for baths ! or for those babies that love chewing on things lol . i always thing bath toys are fun for lil ones
these are beautiful blocks , good weight no chipping . good size for my daughter to hold on to and stack or throw ...
this is a fantastic stroller toy , chewing toy and tactile toy for newborns on up . highly recommend to any new parent or gift giver .
i love this because it's easy to clean - just need a damp cloth to wipe it down and you're set . would highly recommend .
if your child keeps it on then i guess this would work . the velcro is too easy to take off for a child .
this works fine . mashing bananas , avocados , fruit like that , is easy with this and it is also easy to clean .
we bought these as christmas gifts for our daughter's godparents and they are great ! they look beautiful and have a nice weight to them .
love these . use them for every thing i can . i even use them to hold my curtains backs would recommend
reasonable price with good quality . it is a must-have item for a baby car seat so that it can prevent from outside objects .
these do not work . they arent snug enough to keep anything in . they are completely pointless . don't waste your money .
born free pacifier design is very soft , like very much , i hope my baby milk there is no problem in the future
she loves these cups , but it is hard for her to get the watter maybe whe she grows up it would be easier , she is only 1 year
praise be . paired with the skip hop moby bath kneeler , & i'm not killing myself leaning over the tub anymore !
this is a great bag . good quality construction and my husband loves not having to carry something with ribbons and bows :)
my baby never had gas problems until we used these bottles . i switched to the dr . brown bottles , and the problem went away immediately .
this is super cute and matches my brown bag perfectly . very cushie too ! i would buy it again for sure .
good quality , nice and bright , and child loves to see the characters on his bed . priced right so i do recommend it .
these are definitely spill proof . we have had no issues with leaking and the handles are perfect for the little hands to grasp !
i bought a few of these - they're perfect . very soft , wash well and easy to change . i definitely recommend !
my 4 month old son likes this toy a lot . it's lightweight and easy for him to hold on to .
worked great for my 4.5 month old . he really liked his pack n play with this and the american baby company 100 % organic cotton sheet .
bought these to go with my daughter's dr.brown pacifiers and they work perfectly .. love the color and the clip on part . cant go wrong with this .
only issue is that it doesn't quite work with my diaper pail because of the large opening of the bag .
this is a great mattress and fits a crib nicely . no gaps in crib . this is a good deal and it's safe .
i love this stroller because is so lightweight . the shade is very big and is easy to close and open .
fits the bob perfectly and has more storage than the bob cup holder . very happy with my purchase . also pleased with the price and durability .
i really like this diaper , and definitely recommend it . it dries quickly too .
these straps worked great for us during a recent vacation . they also work well on our son's highchair and stroller . great buy .
this blanket is super soft , brightly colored , and matches my other nursery decor . great buy , along with other zutano owl products .
this is truly a ceiling mobile and cannot go over the crib . the quality is great and looks wonderful hanging above my daughter's changing table .
we bought this base as an extra for another car so we do not have to move back and forth . easy to install and safe as always .
theses cloths are so soft . the colours are vibrant . this is a great product and i will definitley order again .
these are a must have when you have an impatient toddler and they even work for my 4 month old to get a good fit with prefolds and flats .
my son loves it . he can washes his hands and climb up on the toilet by himself now . i would recommend this product .
would prefer that they be sold in the same quantities as the bottles . it's that whole 12 hot dogs but only 8 hot buns problem all over again .
love this sheet ! great price and it stays on the mattress even with an active sleeper . i would highly recommend .
is perfect for my baby , but i would like that the music last a little bit more and in my opinion it must have more music to hear
i use these as burp rags . they are so absorbent and work far better than those designated as burp rags !
note : for sg users , you need to change the power adapter to local voltage.overall excellent and reliable pump at a good price .
cups leak.retain moisture from washing so mold can build up.disposed of cups.gerber 12 + month basic cups much better .
this product is great for holding toys and cups with food or liquids that do not want our toddler spill . i recommend this product .
fits perfectly in the delta portable crib with no gaps . seems very comfortable for my 14 month old daughter and she sleeps thru the night on it .
i so in love with this oxo ! so great ! ! ! i recommended to buy ! you love it . . very easy to use !
wish i would have gotten these before the chewing started . these were great and kept baby from chewing the crib .
i use this along with the nose freida snotsucker and the little noses saline drops and it keeps my 3 month's nose very clean .
it fits the changing pad well , has slits for the safety straps , and cleans up easily in the washing machine . no weird smells or itchy bits .
a little thinner than i expected but works great for both eating and craft time ! perfect for the grandparents houses !
these blankets are very well made but my then 4 month old never got attached to them .
have not used it yet but it arrived in great condition , and it moves really smooth . easy to set-up and breakdown . love the entire stroller system !
kids like it and it works . anything with mcqueen makes my son happy and it was a good price so i recommend it
these are great ! the lighter colored tips ( spoon part ) does discolor after a while from the baby food , but its expected
great changing pad .. it goes with the summer cover pads . it fits perfectly on a baby dresser . it does it's purpose !
if she could talk she would say she loves this ... everytime she sees her pink little bears spin on by she smiles .
its great for my daughters preschool that provides cots already . definitely durable for the next sibling to use when they start preschool .
would have given more stars but sometimes its very difficult to get the lid locked !
nice toy and cute but my dog wants it more than my son ... for spending that much money i was disappointed .
by far the best gate we have owned . own multiple of these . great quality product and would highly recommend
we put on bottles and cups for daycare and they haven't come off after months of washings . easy to put on as well .
this cover is very cute for a baby girls room . i've had it a few months and it washes well .
this fit the little toddler pillow i got for my daughter , and is softer than my favorite t-shirt , easy to clean and great for her sensitive skin .
it is very cute and a baby can chew on it when they are teething.it is not made in china which makes it more desireable for baby
my toddler loves pink bear . she lives with it and we are already on our third one in two years .
these are my baby's favorite bottles . less spit up and gas ! comfortable to hold . i would recommend them to anybody .
fit well , it was affordable , and matched nicely . i washed it several times without any serious shrinking . it did the job !
it fits the changing table perfectly . my only complaint is that the pad has a strong chemical odor which doesn't seem to go away . otherwise great product .
we have a 3rd floor apartment and carrying grocery bags up was a huge pain until i got this product . made my life so much easier .
easy to use and clean , although by two months i am no longer using this in the car seat - too small for baby's head
this fits the safety 1st simple diaper pail . it's been a month and i have not changed discs yet . good value .
the design is very cute and the colors are great . just a perfect size for a toddler . lots of space for toddlers stuff
we were able to supplement our logging and get reminders for our newborns medicine in a sleep deprived state . get it before you give birth !
i expected this to be a bracelet or necklace for me to wear not for a baby to wear .
these worked well for my newborn he loved them until he found out he could move his arms and that was then the new awesome .
too easy and less music , maybe my baby don't want this . he played for 1-2 hrs and throw it away .
these are the best bibs for kids , hands down . they stay on , are lightweight , and are very easy to clean .
not sure , smaller than i hoped for , didnt do to well after the wash , might not be giving as gift , look worn out ! !
such a great bag ! so many compartments - it's great for organization and such a good price ! love the pattern . fantastic !
this works great for our graco click connect 35 car seat . my only recommendations is to check and double check which base you need .
she does like these . occasionally she gets the wrong end and gags herself on the handle , but she doesn't seem too bothered .
i use these on the couch , so i'm not having to clean up spit up . they could be just a little bit bigger .
this bib not only looks great but cleans up so easily without getting moldy like the plastic bibs . the spill catcher makes for a tidy mealtime .
we love this hooded towel ! it's the size of texas ! perfect for a big chunky baby and also adorable , need i say more ?
i really like how soft this is . my lil one loves the monkey on it . it is good for either a girl or a boy .
we have this cover over an outlet that is accessible from the crib . it works very well and was easy to install
i love these dividers - but they are really hard to get on the rod in the closet . i thought i was going to break them !
was a lil apprehension because of the price but these work awesome ! ! my three year old can easily reach the water now . couldn't be happier !
you have to keep winding this which is a big pain for me . other than that my little one likes it .
like this bed , inflates and deflates easily , cute carrying case . it does take up some space in the suitcase , but is worth taking along .
love these bags . they work great and are biodegradeable , what more can you ask for ? ! they've never leaked and we use them often .
a must for baby ! not only is it cute , but it keeps the pacifier from rolling away when baby spits it out !
this is very nice , as it protects your knees and keeps everything you need where you can get to it . ( and away from the baby )
these are soooo soft , we love them ! they stay on well and are super cozy . some under the nile stuff pills , but these have not .
didn't really use it . was too much to take down after using the stroller . better of with things on the bottom .
i got this for my sister's baby shower and she loves it . i'm waiting to see how my niece looks in them and recommend it
we bought this to use at my parents ' while visiting for the holidays . it is pretty basic but everything we needed .
i got it and it looks ok but i think we will use it when my six month old is little bigger .
this sleepsack fot my son from 8 to 13 pounds . make sure that you fasten the velcro before washing it !
my toddler loves the stool and i love it since it works as storage as well . i would recommend it to anyone .
this gets the job done . for the most part keeps odor trapped . easy to empty without any mess . and easy to change cartridges .
my son loves these letter and numbers . they are really fun to stick to the tub wall . great for teaching numbers , letters , and colors .
you can fit a couple in here ! i love that it's hard and easy to find in a bag . must have
it looks like a very motivating product but somehow it doesn't appear so to my nine months old . no idea why .
the fabric collects everything . looks dirty just from something fuzzy rubbing on it . and all baby blankets are fuzzy . not ecstatic about it for the price .
these little cups are a good value . my grand daughter is only old enough to knock them down at this point but she's having fun .
it does its job . no issues with the connector . our doorway was too wide and this worked out perfectly . great .
looks like it's made of quality materials . mom and baby are both comfy in it . would purchase again and can't be beat for the money .
love these little noisy feet rattles . kids love to learn how to kick and this encourages kicking . the bright contrasted colors are also great for baby .
the tray falls off as soon as my son moved around in the seat . the whole thing is just really poorly designed .
i'm still not sure if this is a safe mat or not . here is a link to a link related to a french study : http://dwinguler.me/didyouknow
so far this is the best training cup i've found for my 18 month old son . i bought on for a friend as well .
i love this pillow , it's very comfy to put between your legs , it doesn't feel heavy or make you feel hot , and it's very light too .
i wasn't sure about this purchase , but it works great and keeps me from spraying water all over the floor when rinsing out diapers . :)
really can't go wrong . they are divided and work like they are supposed to . i mean , what can you say about a plate ?
this is a blessing . highly recommend . it keeps the baby off flies and mosquitoes when we go for walk or spend time in the backyard .
worth the price for peace of mind re : safety . baby loves it , small and light enough for her to grasp and squeeze .
my baby loves that . he has 3 different ones . it is easier to find by himself during the night in the crib
this is a great product . it does the job and i love that it is contoured and has the seat belts .
i don't like that these are just the covers . i thought i wouldn't mind but it's a pain in the neck .
yes item isn't large if you're thinking of putting in diaper pail , more like a diaper bag . nice color though , and good tie rope .
it covers the faucet while still allowing shower use . cute & we haven't noticed any mildew w / this on the faucet .
it is a very practical toys organizer , and easy ti put on your wall , i have one and my mom bought another one
as advertised - - i like it ( however it does not fit the baby bjorn portable crib )
the fabric color and texture is great . fits my changing table pad perfectly and is easy to remove to clean !
these are cute rattle toys they are very hard . the one is for teething i would only recommend that for older children it is also very hard .
this is way bigger than i anticipated , but it's perfect for putting over top of pajamas to keep little one warm without using blankets .
this sheet fit my expectations . very cute , soft and holds up to washing . goes perfectly with our safari nursery theme .
my 13 month old just cannot get her hand in and out of the flaps . her motor skills are great so i think it is the design .
worked great for us with the car seat combo . very light and easy to adjust the rail . folds easily too .
it provides great support for babies and unexperienced mothers , i would buy this item a thousand times ! easy to use and very secure , no complains !
good quality and works with just knobs too . easy for me to open hard for my 1 year and 6 year , pleased .
they do what they are supposed to . i just wish the snaps weren't cheaply made . they are a pain to snap together .
very soft and comfy , better than others out there - buy several as tehy get dirty frequently ! a must have for baby
very easy to use . the snap open lid is so much better than other brands . dishwasher clean makes it easy to use . great for teething !
my baby takes this pacifier ! it's a miracle ! and he loves grabbing at the lamb to hold in his hands .
i bought this as a gift and my friend loves it . steers easily and is very sturdy . i have one for my son as well .
i love the quality , durability , etc . i highly recommend this product . i ilve in southwestern tx and we get pretty bad winds .
easy to setup and adjust.seems very safe for moments when you need to neglect your kid to go to the bathroom etc .
very soft spoon , can feed my baby safe . sometimes my baby will take this spoon and eat himself . cheap and lots of
this was a gift for both my sisters this year who were having their first child . they loved it ! they really appreciated it .
this breast shield does its job . i just wish they still made the soft shields as those were so much more comfortable for me .
nice product for by baby's confort . works great for my baby's confort . diaper changing time is eassy for both of us .
we bought as a wear house deal , came to us with the gate / hinge not working well ... returned . looked great but maybe just a fluke .
i paid a ridiculous amount for this and it doesn't fit either of my tub faucets . i'm not sure what kind it does fit . bummed .
this is a good step stool . it helps my cautious 2 year old get into her queen size bed ( no frame ) .
my 2 month old loves it . i hang it on her swing and she stares and smiles at it all the time .
i have several kinds of bottles and nipples and this works well with all of them . i like that it is portable and lightweight .
i just received the item , have not opened , but it looks great good quality and very pretty , i like it
too big for my babys mouth . :/ maybe when he get older it will fit better . i hope so . ^ ^
nice product for by baby's confort . works great for any baby gender . the neutral colors make baby's room warm and attractive .
these are by far my favorite pacifiers . my son loves them too . they're much safer than other pacifiers , and i also believe these are hospital recommended .
baby would not use these the spout was too hard . she will not attempt to use this product at all .
cute , durable and practical . we love that it protects our little one from injury and it's super cute . fits perfectly on a normal spout .
this went up super easy , looks wonderful and does its job ! we have it mounted at the top of our basement stairs !
i use this bibs on a daily bases and wash it as often they still looking like new , love the colors
doesn't work . save your money and the paint on your appliances . do not buy this piece of junk . very disappointed .
great teether for my daughter . she loves gnawing on it and i can give it to her in the car .
my kid loves this ! he always enjoys pressing the button and then trying to eat the handle ... it's a great toy for the car :)
i love these blankets . they do loose their softness after about 50 + washes , but very much so worth the price .
i used these on both my chicco caddy stroller frame and baby jogger city mini . they are durable , convenient and hold a lot !
i loved it & my baby loved it , too . it seems to support well my baby .
the leg elastic on these shreds way too fast and the gussets somehow get pulled in . we switched to a thirsties cover and have yet to have problems since
this brush has a good feel in both the bristles and the handle . daughter enjoys brushing time without too much chewing . solid buy .
just right size for feeding solid foods . fabric is soft , softer than some other bibs made out of different fabric
the material seems to be of good quality but ours only lasted for 2 trips and then had a rip and the zipper stopped functioning .
our baby doesn't seem to chew on any of the teething toys for very long . i was hoping he would like this one .
ordered 5oz bottles as pictured , received 8oz bottles . i don't need 8 oz . i have a reason for needing 5oz . beyond annoying
got these in the orange / green / yellow color pack - what bright and cute colors ! they will be perfect for newborn bath .
these things go great in my little bento boxes . they give it some pizzazz , and they make eating certain hand held food easier .
i like the print of these pacifier clips and the stretchy loop makes it easy to attach to any pacifier .
great covers have lasted me 2 years and do not fade or tear still very soft my baby loves rubbing his face on them
if you are cloth diapering , these make it so easy to launder ! do yourself a favor and get two . or three .
i love this ! i am so happy they have something like this for the play yard so kids have something to play with !
i bought it for bath time . my kid likes and plays with it every time he takes a batch . recommend .
your mamaroo isn't a mamaroo till you own this . my daughter took many naps with this insert . plus it so cute ! !
this was a great purchase and has held up well . my daughter is 2 and a half and still using this bed . it's very cute and stylish .
takes up no space when deflated and is perfect for stays at grandma's or on vacation . easy to inflate / deflate and drain to dry out after use .
we are using this outside so i hope that it holds up so far so good and it is a very nice gate
very good product this brand offers quality products and have bought several for baby products sincerely recommend this brand , it is best for babies and children
these 3 baskets are great sizes and perfect for under my changing table in the baby's room . good quality and good value .
my son likes the silicone sleeve more than the actual teething toy . still worth it since it keeps him busy .
works well , the only reason i didn't give it five stars is the actual clip itself could open a little wider i think .
if you use prefolds , these are must haves . they work so well and i can't imagine cding without them . get them !
this helps the rock hard pack and pay have a little cushion . however , i wish it was a little thicker .
the real thing doesn't look as good as the picture . the fabric is flimsy . should have bought the halo wearable blanket .
much better than the munchkin dishwasher cage . i use these for my medela breast pump parts . they have been a huge time saver vs hand washing .
this bottle brush is much bigger than i thought it would be . the stand is very helpful . the nipple cleaner is not that helpful .
these cloths are by far the best for cleaning the baby during diaper changes we have found . they are soft and absorbent .
love this , doesn't drip , its super cute , easy to keep clean.xox ox o x xo xo x ox o
love this potty . i highly recommend this potty . it works well and i can't imagine anything better . i can definitely recommend it .
pro-very easy to clean ( just unsnap the four top parts ) and toss in washerthe mirror is kind of blurry .
this works perfect ! very sturdy ... great quality . great to keep animals out of particular rooms . i would recommend this product .
these are a bit too thin for a burp rag . cloth diapers work so much better and cost about the same
these are all around great nipples . i love the avent bottles and needed a nipple that has a faster flow and this one is perfect !
these would be nice if the spout was thicker . my son chewed a hole through it after only one use .
i like these bibs a lot , but they develop dark spots on them after several washes . i just replace them , but too bad .
my son like this , but with most toys this one gets old very fast for him . he would rather play with balls .
i love having extra parts it making using the pump that much easier . they fit great and arrived in record time .
you could probably make your own salt dough and save some money instead of buying this product . i was not impressed .
easy to install , user friedly , props open while they're asleep , truly hands free . we bought 2 !
the zipper is hard to put together in dim lighting , when you're trying to not wake the baby . other than that , i like this sleep sack .
our son had a tight upper frenulum and had a hard time ever latching on to anything , these bottles worked perfectly for him !
this has held up well over the last year . washed tons of times and still as soft and cute as ever !
perfect . fits in his hands well , isn't too hard , good cripping ability . colorful . good buy i'm glad we got them .
very soft but too thin to use as wipes . got soaked quickly when place under baby chin during feeding.probably is ok to use as wash cloths .
we just switched my 2 year old to a twin bed and got this to protect the mattress . it's easy to put on and protects the mattress well .
the socks are not stretchy , hard to put on baby's feet.rattle ' s sound is so discreet , i can hardly hear it .
i like these a lot . i wish they came with lids but thats just me . i would recommend these again .
these are fine , not the best thing i ever bought but cute and functional enough . i think they were a good deal .
these are awesome for on the go . you don't have to put a messy dirty bib back in your bag , just toss and go !
this pad is useable , but has a cheap appearance . however the changing pad covers for this product are very nice a thick and soft .
already on the stroller uppa baby vista ... love it . put my purse and they cute too . .
cute diaper that works very well . enjoy the all in one , but takes longer to dry than a pocket diaper .
its a little heavy and doesn't stick well to high chair table . my son throws it . likes playing with it and the colors .
its very ergonomic and attractive , we know the brand , they are really good on their business , we liked it so much .
i was glad to see everything worked well with my pump . the new valves and membranes help form a better seal and aid in pumping
keep the ergo clean , washable . baby loves to chew them , safe and doesn't scratch . really nice addition yo the ergo .
works great for potty training , i got 2 - one to wash and the other to use . it's good also for snacks that collect on the bottom .
love the deisgh and the stainless stell but it leaks . everywhere ... but it seams all others too . i cant seem to find one that does not .
comes with a lid for a reason . as soon as toddler turns this cup over or upside down everything comes out . im not happy with this purchase
like this mini forks a lot , cute and easy for my child to use , very durable . ordered two sets of this
i tested these guards on our marble countertops and the adhesive material was easy to remove . the color blends well and they are indeed very cushiony .
after not too much of use , it cracked and leaked after the child dropped it on the floor . it is ok .
very soft , made very well i actually have two now because i love this one so much ! it washes great ! ! !
i bought this with the matching hooded towel . great choice . fabric is nice and comfy for baby and artwork is adorable !
cute toy , but smaller then i expected . could be my fault for not researching further before purchasing . my daughter has not really played with it much :-(
this works great and fit in our crib exactly . it shipped quickly . i would recommend this to someone looking for a crib mattress .
does what it says it does . keeps the sun out of his eyes , and prevents strangers from touching baby . love it !
happy with my purchase . it has two sizes for inner threads , so if it doesn't fit , try the other one .
why are these bottles not sold in stores ? thank goodness i found them on line . please bring them back to the stores .
this is such a good price for this base . it was easy to assemble and i love how easily it folds to fit in my car .
this is my babies favorite toy . we actually lost one and bought a replacement . now i buy them for baby gifts .
i would give this 5 stars but there are some things that need to be fixed . i wish the light was brighter and it could hold more battery's
simple review , works great with eclipse changing table . seems like just enough cushion to help the baby be comfortable .. :)
my baby girl loves her emily doll . she has fun crinkles , textures , and a friendly face . great toy , well made .
i love the monitor . i can hear him breathing and see everything in the dark . i would recommend to anyone !
my daughter loves this toy . unfortunately she ripped the plastic attachment thing right off . now we can't t take the toy on road trips .
do not buy this bottle ! i had two out of three crack in the bottle warmer while heating and lost my precious breastmilk .
so cheap , and still does the job . stank of plastic , but the smell was soon gone .
i purchased the thirsties duo wrap snap for my 22lb child and they fit great on the smaller setting . this is my favorite cover for my toddler .
he's not too big , so this one is just perfect for him . guess i'll need a bigger one after 6 months or so .
bought this for my second child , the first has the sleep sheep . works good for white noise , i like the smaller size of this one .
i wish jj cole made handbags ! this is such a cute and functional diaper clutch . i highly recommend and bed jj cole to consider making handbags !
i really like this drying rack . i had the same one with my first two children and bought another for my most recent arrival .
this is a great organizer , i had it in my room when bb was a newborn .. now it is in the bathroom ... it's perfct
this is the only toy that my child loves to be in . i would highly recommend if you have an active child that loves to move .
my son is ok using these although i am not sure if these are much better than a regular nipple , ideally a straw would be the best option .
although i am yet to use it , but the quality is excellent . this is exactly what we were looking for .
works great for my mama cloth ! cute print . love planet wise's stuff . i gave it 4 starts because i wish it was a little wider .
have the same dresser in my two year old's room . bought another for my second child's room . works great and is beautiful .
biggest baby bath ever ! my son loves this bath ! i love how it keeps him sitting up , and it will last him a few years .
they do shrink a little after wash but i love these and i wouldn't buy any other ones . the colors stay bight and pretty .
this heats bottles fast and has auto turnoff when it is down , but i still watch it to make sure doesnt over heat . would recommend
i purchased these for my baby girl i have used the other avent nipples for younger babies with no issues . great product , no issues .
it is very cute and have all the component that i need . it help me to organize my changing table
i love the concept of these bottles and liners , but they are not a good choice for babies with colic .
tub fit perfectly and supported my son very well . glad i found this product . lasted for a long time . highly recommend !
great quality , bright colors , super cute . baby seems to love it . priced reasonably . can't go wrong for the money . thanks .
my baby is putting everything in her mouth and this is a perfect teether for her , the sound it makes is great .
very well made , perfect . i love the optionssoft and the colors are perfectonly one down fall its a little loud when swinging but most swings are .
a perfect compliment to the minky dot cradle bedding in ecru . shipped promptly and surpassed expectations . baby loves the soft sheets !
this is a great tow but for the price it should last longer . has anyone been able to figure out how to replace the water when it evaporates ?
if you have the diaper genie on the go dispenser i would recommend that you buy a few of these !
my 8 month old son loves balls that make noise , so i thought these would be perfect and he loves all of them .
this makes it so easy when we travel . we can store the water in here and just add the formula when he's ready to eat .
cute and easy to keep clean . my daughter loves sticking these to the walls in the bathtub . i have no complaints with this pruchase .
i'm petite and first bought the moby but this carrier is so much better ! ! ! love my k'tan ! ! ! highly recommend it ! ! !
these sheets are affordable and wash well . i'm very pleased with this purchase , and recommend them to everyone.the pastel green is really pretty .
these pads are a great way of protecting the environment . they fit in the bra snugly and are easily washable .
i bought this for my chicco rattania playard and it fits perfectly . i especially love the soft velour fabric - it's thicker than a regular sheet too .
we went through every bottle with our son and this warmer fit them all without problem . provide a simply warm bottle every time
keeps him interested for a little bit because of the animals and the noise it makes but i might go for something with more action .
the dispenser is so easy and foolproof . i love that you get 90 doses for the same price as the other brand's 20 doses .
i got these for my 10 month old and she liked them as they were colorful and she was able to hold them .
it has a good look , doesn't look too childish if its going to be in your living room like us .
great ! we started using these at 8 weeks and worked great . baby didn't mind the change and i didn't see a huge flow from level 1 .
works great with the snugride 30 . it makes it easy to install and remove the car seat when on the go .
this is good . i like it because it comes as described . nothing is missing from the features described . i recommend this anyday .
really fast flow . it chokes the baby . please dont use it with newborns as its too much flow and air and it creates colics
ours didn't smell . they are tons of fun and less mindless for mum & dad to play with than most bath toys . i would absolutely recommend these .
love the minky dot , especially how soft it is on baby , even after many washings . white is a true bright white
my son loves this mobile and we have gotten it as presents for a lot of our friends . their babies loved it too ! must have !
this never stayed stuck to the tray , even when he was quite small it didn't take much effort to break the suction .
these are great to have on hand , our 2 1/2 months old has been using them since birth with no problems .
its a great purchase as its cheaper than the diaper genie refills in store and works just as good . would def recommend .
this playard is worth the money . it is very easy to set up and extremely light , which makes traveling very convenient .
the sleep sack swaddles well and keeps the baby warm . i do not have to worry about a blanket creeping up .
i recommend this for a small car for sure . using this in our corolla gives us some extra room in the front seat .
i make a days worth of formula in this and it's amazing how there is no foam or bubbles whatsoever .
i am using it to wash all part of born free bottles . they fit nicely . great product ! i am very happy with it .
my newphews love this . especially the 2 year . it's the best double stroller we've seen on the market .
soft , and looks nice on our crib which is the same dark brown color . very glad i bought this for the crib .
a little difficult for the little one to figure out but once he did good quality.we love all the life factory bottles so this allows for a longer life .
this diaper fit my 1 month old pretty well from the beginning and is adjusting to fit her as she grows .
my baby doesn't care for any teethers but he seems at least intrigued with this one and he will play with it for a few minutes at least
trying to locate cloth diapers is getting so difficult ! these are nice and thick and sturdy and look like they will hold up well over time .
got this for my mom's house and it works great.has spring-loaded closure that works relatively reliably.hugs the walls well and is sturdy . we are satisfied .
these are super great and easy . we have used them for 18 months with no issues . plus , they were super cheap .
totally worth the money . they'll make your baby eating time easy ! highly recommended . now my baby can eat while i'm driving :)
the items were fine , my children just were not interested in them much it was easier to just wait for them to find their feet on their own
this is the first toy my little guy has played with . it's perfect for his little hands to grasp , and it keeps him entertained and curious .
need i say more ? it was 1/3 of the price of the one at buy buy baby . i love it .
these are perfect sheets for the pack n play , we have the blue , green , and natural jersey knit sheets , and we would highly recommend them !
this is a great buckle for your child especially if he's a big boy . either way , its a lot better than any standard one .
i just use it for milk to travel around for my daughter should have bought it sooner love it ! ! !
works great even with glass bottles ! the bra is comfortable and well designed . i'm so glad i bought this bra !
wouldn't stick to my tile at all . waste of money for me . nice basket and good in theory but not if you have tile .
i love this product . i have used it since he was 6 months . i wish the would do an early waker sleepsack in cotton .
once i opened these it smelled so bad and they are a lot smaller then i thought they were going to be
i was given a few sleep sacks from a friend for my baby and absolutely love them . they're warm and safe , highly recommended !
be aware ! it's not 100 % cotton ! very thin fabric and has polyester . if you or your child is allergic to polyester do not buy .
my baby could get his hands out of this no matter how big he was and how tight this fit him . disappointing .
they get wet quickly so i switched to the disposable ones . i wish i didn't buy them in the first place .
i ordered for my 5 month-old grandson . he drools all day . they are really absorbent , they fit his fat little neck ! ! !
this product is amazing . it is very easy to use and safe . i really love the scissors and wish they had them for adults too .
my baby loves this thing . i make noise and she always goes for other corner to chew because the rubber chewing corner is too big for her mouth .
my son loves these sleep sacks and they are large enough for him to keep wearing . i actually wish they went up another size .
this turned out great on my crv . i did have to cut out the jeep sign though . you do need something to help smooth out bubbles .
cute frame with a nice layout for your little ones picture and prints . easy to make the little prints too . love this one .
good firm sturdy mattress . i don't have anything to compare it to , but i believe this will last me through 2 or more babies :)
beaba babycook rice cooker - gipsy for babycook pro / pro 2xi like it , and use it to cook rice to my baby
i purchased this to carry the powder goats milk my 9 week old drinks its perfect for that need and keeps the powder fresh
i read to do prints while babies are asleep . worked well but does not come off easily . took a few days to completely go away . :)
very comfy and cozy blanket . retains its shape and softness after washing and its large enough to keep her covered
these are cute - and convenient - - but they are not air tight . the seams leave a little gap and dry out my wipes .
the texture is alittle boring , its just crinkly material on all the pages . i like the owl on the front page though , it's 3d .
these work great . cute prints too . my newborn is around 7 pounds and theses work with the prefolds . very pleased with the quality .
so glad to have find a sheet that will fit my baby pack n play dream mattress . love the color as well !
this is a great invention , better but i hope its protective cover can do , the lower ye yiqi spoon wrapped , lest be polluted
good product , my son always use to sleep and make it easy to find when he spits out in the middle of the dawn .
no much to say about it . it is a good changing pad for a great price . will keep for the next baby .
we love these spoons . they're classic . exactly what we were looking for . we will certainly buy these again in the future .
this is a fun toy . love it and it's my go-to gift to anyone with a one year old plus .
great for holding a lot of stuffed animals . holds more than you would expect . also extra seating . nice bright color .
these are really nice wrist rattles . the toy is bigger and a better design and quality than some of the others i've seen .
i ended up not using it because i ended up with the flanges that were missing too many pieces in order for it to work .
this hook is nice and strong and stays in place beautifully . i definitely recommend it to anyone needing to carry a purse or bag with their stroller .
i pack these up for the days i work so its easy for grandma / dad to just pop one into the bottle warmer and feed the baby . :)
i have not had my baby yet ... but is it really a must to have such a huge changing pad ? i assumed these things were smaller .
i love this blanket ! my 2 year old daughter loves this blanket . i want one ! so super soft and think and warm ! !
great changing table , lots of room for storage , easy to put together . fits nicely in the room without being too big .
this makes using food filling station so much easier . i don't have to worry about spilling and clean up is easy
my sister is loving using these in unison with the other matching items and cant wait to purchase more with her amazon prime ! !
i have a medela breast pump , and these fits perfectly , so i can pump and save easily . good price for the set .
these are amazing ! ! they help to make diaper cleaning very easy ; easy with infant diapers ! :)
it will eventually lose its stickiness , but this is incredibly useful for cabinets and trashcans to keep little ones out . easy to apply , too .
i love it ! this mattress is extremely firm . the size is perfect for my cosco funsport playard and good quality .
bought this bouncer for my mothers house so i didn't have to lug mine back and forth . it does the job just like fancier bouncers .
i love the product , would have loved it more if it had included the oz measurements like the hello kitty design .
my friend plans on cloth diapering her kiddo and i thought these monkeys were adorable so i bought a pair :)
extremely well made and sturdy . the only con is that it does not fold up of course .
ok - not that great value . haven't had any major spills / accidents so far so don't know what it can do .
i received this item really quickly . i like the texture of it , very smooth and soft . great for the price .
we decided to purchase this product after reading about the dangers of large screen tv's . we are so pleased . keeps tv in place .
we use these as baby washcloths , not wipes . they are very soft on baby's delicate skin , especially the face . they wash and dry well .
nice placemat with raised sides . a table saver for toddler meals . i've bought two so i can cover all meals .
love how this gate simply rolls away to the side when not needed but when it's rolled out and locked in , it keeps baby safe !
i love that it is a natural baby item . i am glad i got it , but it was a pricey item .
this thing turns off in 45 minutes ! i highly recommend one without a timer ! your baby will most likely wake up when the sound turns off !
awesome ! my daughter loves loading it up with dirt . rolls really well on hard flooring .
these squirt toys are awesome . product is well made and makes for a lot of laugh and giggles at bath time .
love love love this pea pod . my daughter sleeps wonderfully in it while we travel and it's so much easier than carrying a pack n play
this thing is too big for what it accomplishes . it could be much more compact . jj cole makes a better , smaller one .
perfect for high traffic " baby area " when you still want easy access to your plug . easy install and looks great .
this is my fourth mini crib from this company they work amazingly in my small daycare space for my infants ! would purchase again without hesitation .
i really like the idea of this product but for me the little magnifier didnt work and it was easier to clip my sons nails without it
it heats up fine , never had a bad smell problem , just the only issue is that the top hatch keeps popping off and that annoys me .
now i can use my medela pump to express milk and easily store in avent bottles.no more transfer here and there .
soft , stretchy , great , colors , and it washes well . and since it's so stretchy , they are easy to put on the crib mattress .
i just wash them , unless they have more than pee , and i can use them again . not bad . they last forever .
love it ! works great , easy to put together and good footprint on our sink area - every mom should have one
this blanket is great . not huge , but larger than most blankets . great quality . we use it daily . i've given it as a shower gift .
i replaced the bears on my lo's bassinet mobile with these and it kept her interested much much longer than the bears it came with !
i like this because i feel better about protecting my child from the germs he can get from sitting in the carts while we are shopping .
this is great plays long works great and is nice and easy for little one to activate , a must have
didn't fit in the microwave.you need a full size , big microwave to fit this thru the door.but very light product , if you plan on traveling w / it
as a first time mom i read a lot of reviews before i picked a baby monitor and definitively made the right decision . the night vision is great .
i'd purchase again ! great length to allow your little one to reach the light by him or herself . and it glows in the dark !
i followed the exact care instructions and the whole thing got ruined and fell apart . do not purchase . the whole thing will melt and stick together .
works well to contain toys and looks cute also ! i will definitely order more of these in the future for my toddler .
pros : have held up after numerous dishwasher cycles over 2 years.easy to grip handle size for toddlerscons : none
loved this until one of the pegs got stuck and snapped off . the compact size definitely helped on my small counter and it is very easy to clean .
the quality is wonderful . the colors , shapes and sounds are great . my daughter loves this book ! very fun . would definitely recommend .
easy for my lo to grab but doesn't stay cold for very long ... a few minutes max . not made in china is a huge plus for me !
vacation would have been miserable without this ! he slept so well on it , as if it were his normal mattress .
these are easy to use and do what they claim to.have not had any trouble with them at all.great alternative to traditional diaper pinsthough the price could be better .
my baby loves them to play with but somewhat fit a bit loose to hold . good price and amount . thanks .
the cup is large , cute , and well insulated . but the click lock can be a nuisance at times , making the lid hard to close .
it's made of real wood and easy to put together . my daughter will be 3 in 2 months and she has a lot of years left in this bed
hold up much better than original hard yellow plastic avent . the insert ring still vents and solved the leaking problem that we would frequently experience with old version .
perfect for any minnie loving little girl . love that the plate and bowl are microwave safe and thats it's bpa free .
this fits the theme in my sons room perfectly . it is too cute . it also holds a lot of clothes which you need with a newborn ! !
both of my breastfed babies would only take dr brown's wide neck bottles with these nipples . recommended for babies that don't like other bottles .
these work great . i love how there are no sharp or hard corners . and i love knowing they are bpa free .
these stickers are fun to use to mark baby months . i wish i had known about these with my first child . great product ! !
this is a cute caterpillar in-the-box ; however , the music is really a little too soft ! i don't think i'd recommend it for that reason .
i love it , the size , the quality , the price , everything , its original from britax . really love it , thanks for all
i love these . the little one is better . i use it daily and own 4 . it's dishwasher safe and works great . nothing else to say
if i could give this product zero stars i would have . the lid , just like in the picture , doe's not fit on top of the dispenser .
we needed some low flow nipples to help with nipple confusion and making the breast preferable for my daughter . these worked great .
my son likes this teether . i will buy another one because we will most likely lose this one eventually . that's the way it always goes
i use these everyday to label my son's bottles for daycare . i love that they peal off without hassle or mess .
great product , perfect price , better quality than other models . like previous reviewers there is almost to many toys to play with its awesome !
basic changing pad , good material . i dont have any complain about this product . go well with the pad changing cover
strong water pressure , you do have to be careful that you don't splash poop up and out of your toilet .
this is a great playpen pad . lots of cushion and easy to put on . i bought 2 of them .
great seats ! we own 2 of them , one for each child . the colors are nice , they have a good safety rating and weight limit .
we didn't find this until our third child , and we love it ! so wish we had known about this long ago ! worth every penny !
this fitted sheet is so very soft and just keeps getting softer with each wash . i would recommend them to anyone .
these are wonderful blankets . my son does not love to be swaddled but these are great summer blankets for multiple purposes .
my toddler can now sit at the dinner table . this booster does not slip on a wooden chair . very easy to clean ... rinse in sink .
discreet , comfortable and absorbant , worth ordering ! and the double pack means i dont have to worry about running out any time soon !
this is exactly what i was looking for . folds up nicely and fits under my bathroom sink . holds water great and baby seems to love it !
my son is not interested in these toy at all . it's not very interactive or exciting . it's so cute but was not worth it .
this set has more than i expected , i have not started use it untill baby born . i look forward to using it .
don't know if its doing the job it's supposed to by keeping baby any cooler but it fits the car seat perfectly and doesn't interfere with the fastening .
my 14 month old loves these forks . easy to use . short enough that he can maneuver them easily . have now purchased them twice .
i love the soothie pacifiers and this was the only thing i could find that would work to keep track of them . i have two and love them .
my son loved this toy , he enjoyed playing with it from 3 to 8 months . now that he's 1 , he's over it .
this has been great so far , i like how its so easy to clean id there are any accidents ! :)
i bought these for cloth wipes . they work great and are the perfect size for a wipe box .
great product , very useful , you can clip it to anything , clothes or blanket , avoiding loosing the pasifier . recomended .. .. ..
somehow i thought it was going to be bigger than it actually turned out to be . big enough to hold a day of diapers , but just barely
best around at great price ! love this very handly and is the prefect baby shower gift breat feeding mothers will love these ! would recommend !
got the for my daughter to use with her baby . great interactve toy the suction works well and stays put .
helps us organize our playroom and can hold a lot of weight with the included parts . we like it so far !
i love the reviews on this and when it arrived its so cute the shell is a light pink . very happy on the color and quality .
oh my , this is the cutest thing in our nursery ! another p'kolino treasure , i'm thinking of buying another for myself and more as gifts .
difficult to put together for the price . it is sturdy and contains baby quite well , do not like the vinyl padding . would much prefer cloth .
the toys are too hard and too heavy for my baby . when my baby grab the toy and move it , it often hurts my baby face .
love these , my son can not open anything now . everything is totally safe in our home now because of these
these plugs are nice and tight . my daughter cannot get them out of the outlets . i also love the affordable price . would definitely recommend to others .
already had the minnie set , had to have mickey as well . this set is so soft and warm . perfect for my little girl .
easy to open and close.great convenient features you don't get on the cheap strollers.my son loves riding in it and naps comfortably in the reclined position .
food fits great and i can stack the gerber plastic ones on top . i love it my cupboard looks so much better
the basket is perfect for bottle components . once we get the the sipply cut and straws phase there are special slots for this components are well .
these are great . perfect fit and i use them for cereal made out in breastmilk . perfect for traveling to grandmas
this was a nice pillow . it is thick and durable but i had to send it back because it was too long for my 5 foot frame .
bought this gift for my niece as a security blanket , i liked it so much i almost kept it for my son instead !
good toy for my baby . every time to play this , he wave it use his little hand , and he like the sound .
this product ( philips avent express food and bottle warmer ) is very good , so iwill buy another item at here and tell my another friend buy it .
durable with a thin quilted cushion . we've washed several times and it doesn't ball up nor does the thread come loose . fits our pack and play snug .
bought this for my 3 - month-old ... it's perfect for establishing good habits before their teeth have come in ! she loves brushing time .
you don't see flannel sheets for infant cribs that often . it is very nice and soft . the chevron design is very modern .
this changing pad is holding up really well . it's been used for over a year for twins and is in perfect condition .
this lamp looks great in our baby's nursery , love the colors , but wish the switch was in a different place as mentioned in other reviews .
good product if you want to keep your eyes on your baby . may help to reduce the risk to leave your baby in the car .
i love the size and construction . it's perfect for nursing and i don't feel like i'm wearing a giant blanket .
same as the set of 4 , but great for smaller babies .. or feedings . easy to clean , closes easily , sturdy , easy to stack
this worked for awhile and then i lost some weight . i much prefer the kind that adjusts with you as your size changes .
i use these labels and give them as baby presents . they have been on my cups for more than a year now and no sign of coming off .
this is a good light weight sleep sack for the warmer months when baby still wants or needs to wear it .
i was looking for something similar to the jj cole ones i already had on my 1st car seat . these were perfect and a great price !
i love the colors and its the only kind my daughter will take ! ! would buy again for other kids !
it was exactly what i wanted and my baby still enjoys it . although we use it everyday so we have to install batteries constantly .
arrived early . looks and works really good . can't wait to give it to my daughtor on her birthday . she is going to love it .
the material is a bit rough . it stretches really easily too and does not seem like it is that great quality fiber .
i love this mirror . i have really enjoyed ours and it's been great being able to see our son and he likes looking at us too .
loves sitting and bouncing and likes her activity . keeps her happy for pretty good time while watching her program.baby also likes the vibrator it has .
this toy does not stick well to my son's tray on the high chair . if it did stick it would be a great toy .
my son loves this rattle . it is a frequent flyer in our diaper bag . easy for baby to hold and chew on .
these are great sturdy bottles ! ! i wish i got this set in the first place ( rather than regular medela bottles )
i'm very pleased with this product . i highly recommend the purchase of it . we are using it for our china cabinet currently .
terry cloth changing pad covers work best on this changing pad . the velour ones barely fit and do not reach around every base corner .
sturdy and entertaining . safe place for baby to play . works well for a baby who can sit up but can't yet cruise on his own
purchased two . the other one is for freind . she like it very much . will purchase more if more people like it .
great teether ... my son never really took a pacifier , but he likes this teether , as it is soothing and easy to hold onto . would recommend !
clean your coffee table or whatever well for the sticky to stick especially on a round glass table top . protects the kiddo's noggin pretty well !
all the grand kids loved it and do the parents . it's a great gift for years . durable and practice , a must .
these are our preferred paci at our house . glow in the dark makes it easy to find in the middle of the night .
the general . baby she don't love this dinner . including supporting spoon , color and no picture . can only say that in general .
this is just something to buy as a funny baby shower gift . they're cute and fun but does not do the job .
better than baby einstein's and great visibility for mom but doesn't entertain my baby at all , you'll definitely need other toys and stuff to keep he baby entertained .
i was disappointed in the quality of the toy . the pieces fit together but do not stay together very well . cheaply made .
very good ! the fabric is nice , confortable to cover the baby and keep him warm , but when washing deforms slightly .
this is a great potty for early toilet training . my daughter was used to it in just a few days and is nearly perfect with using the potty .
a handy and practical way to attach toys and other teethers to strollers and carseats . black coloring helps conceal dirt .
my son really enjoys these balls . his favorite color is blue . the blue one arrived deflated with a hole in it . super bummed out !
these bumpers are very cool . they keep the bed ventilated , so i never had a fear of my baby not getting enough oxigen . highly recommend !
most amazing car seat ever ! comfortable , sturdy , and my son loves it ! i'd recommend for like 15lbs + , though because of the awkward straps .
this water bottle is fantastic . never leaks , the straw is great to get your child away from a sippy cup and perfect size for on the go .
these are not the same as what came with my medela pump despite looking identical , don't work as well
sheet fits perfectly well . washes good and haven't noticed anything wrong . very soft and my son loves to jump into bed
this changing table is really nice and the price was right , still using it , love the natural color is very nice
these clean well , don't get mold , but they still do leak just the tiniest bit . overall , they're some of the best sippy cups out there .
the suctions do not work . it falls off no matter where you try to stick it in the tub . i returned this product .
had it for a few days now and have not used it too much , but i really like the smooth ride
this particular crib sheet design states that it eliminates the need for a bumper pad . the colors and graphics are bright and cheery .
we use these as burp clothes from a recommendation from a friend - great idea ! i bought 2 packs so we don't have to wash as frequently
easy assembly does what it is supposed now if only my son would sleep in his crib more rather than our bed ... but products amazing .
i got this for my grandson and love laying him on it to change him . the cartoon pictures are sweet .
bought this to match the baby bed for my son's newborn . they plan on putting baskets on the shelves to add color to the room and for storage .
our baby has loved this toy since birth and he is over 7 months . i first saw it on dad lab where it was highly rated
this is a nice soft sheet that washes well . it wasn't overpriced which is nice with organic . i recommend this for home use .
it's nice to have as a replacement while my other is in the wash , but it is definitely a battle to get the pillow in this one .
looks gerat in our nursery . we were able to spread this over 3 walls and it went up easily - excellent quality .
my daughter loves this bath toy and i love that there are no holes or little crevices to hold water or allow mold to grow .
i love this drying rack . it's so easy to clean & use . & it's got a super-adorable design . it hasn't disappointed me yet !
the simply mart bottles turned out to be our favorite and these nipples helped it grow with our growing baby girl .
this blanket is thick and comfy . easily washable and sure to become a favorite in your family , we love ours
it's a good mattress as the price.easy to move . i think it will be better if the mattress is more hard .
great product ! helps a lot , for baby bottle to a toy my son yanks around in the stroller ...
fifi has become our daughters constant car seat companion . it's beautifully done , colorful and provides entertainment for our little darling .
this is really easy to use and much lighter weight than my other double stroller and it fits my two chico carseats !
works well and helps my 20 month old daughter to wash her hands and brush her teeth more easily . totally recommend !
works great for nipples and other small bottle parts . of course you need the boon drying rack first to fully appreciate the handiness :)
i dont really have any of the neck problems that i read about . i love this item and love that its so versatile .
this works just like the one that originally came with my medela pump and was a great replacement when i lost my first one .
i wish this rattle had more of an engaging sound . our baby likes it so i guess that's all that really matters .
this is very nice material and excellent size and a nice colour.the material is soft and the apron style gives more grip .
not tried yet since baby is young . feel it is not bad ... no more . no more ... nnn nn nn
these look great on my baby's bedroom wall . they go on and can be repositioned easily . it adds something great for him to look at and study .
i have purchased the majority of the items available from this collection and they are all fantastic . worth the money .
got this changing pad to go in my bassinet . a great fit and the concaved edges provide a bit of safety - no rolling off the side .
very nice vibrant colors with cute designs and texts .. i love these its the best for this prize i recommend it
love this ! cuts pizza , hamburgers , sandwiches , etc . will for sure start buying for first birthday gifts ! i cannot recommend it enough .
looks great and durable ! tosses right in with my cloth diapers making cloth diapering much easier when it comes time to wash
comes a little wrinkly , but i don't mind , looks great , works with my nursery decorations an all . very simple and pretty
this was a baby shower gift , my friend still uses this after 1 year . great investment , it was sturdy and the colors were bright .
strong and safe this car seat is still very comfortable and beatiful . easy to be managed and to be adjusted .
i didn't quite like it because the nipples are too soft for my baby , not what i expected
this thing is an eye sore . while it serves it's function it is huge . it is also a bit of a pain to use .
love this canvas set cant wait to put it up in my jungle theme nursary ! ! ! very nice for the price . highly recommend
my baby enjoys spending waking hours in his bassinet as well , thanks to this mirror ! he looks at himself and chats away !
thirsties makes great diaper covers . i love the adjustability of the duo wraps . the leg gussets keep everything contained , and who doesn't love mud !
perfect little comb / brush combo for baby . the brush is soft and perfect for taming my newborn's locks after a bath .
this toy is cute , colorful and has a chewy toy on the end . great gift idea for a boy or girl .
this package has every thing i was looking fore and in a great price ... it's perfect for all new moms
these bottles do come with extra parts that suck to wash but they're great bottles .
this pack in play sheet is just as decribed . fit just fine and is nice and soft . i would recommend it
its large and insulated and comes in a cute color , however the zipper is not strong and constantly need to be fixed to stay closed .
i like this bag . great storage space , and wipes clean well . just wish there was a better way to clean the orange fabric stripe .
great . fits my glass dr . browns bottles . my daughter is 4.5 months and she has been using this nipple since 3.5 months . no problems .
it's not waterproof . lets pee through on the matress or whatever it's laying upon . i don't like it that much
love these blankets . they are lightweight but nice and snuggly . the patterns are sweet and make a great maternity gift .
i really like this cover , wish i could buy sheets for the crib just as this one . it looks and feels great .
i have a city mini gt stroller . this shade didn't seem to work with it so i had to return it .
just the greatest thing ever invented for the umbrella type light strollers ! genius ! ! ! love love love :)
works great , easy to use and to assemble on stroller . love the zipper compartment . bottle holder holds baby bottles and water bottles wonderfully .
excellent fit for our newborn . the fleece has nice give and washes well . we can easily wrap up the baby to make him feel snug .
cannot find this product in stores . i like having extras around and this one has a cute design . gender neutral
i wrote a blog post about this today :[ ... ] my son absolutely loves this thing . i can't wait to start projecting onto the ceiling one day !
these wipes are a nice size , but they leave little fuzzies behind . they are also pretty stiff if dried on the line .
very useful addition to stroller ( we have a city mini gt ) . strong hooks , able to hold a good amount of weight .
great leather seat saver . don't really use the front pouches , but it saves my seats from the car seat ! both the booster and bucket seat
this swaddle blanket is fantastic quality and really holds the baby nice and snug . the velcro on there is very sturdy as well .
the only pasafier my baby will take to . stops him from crying . love the green color and it washes well in dishwasher
get a nice cover for it and a diaper pad and you're ready to go
we loved it at first , but it sat on the edge of the tub with a small puddle of water under it overnight , and it stopped working .
loved this so much the day care kids asked if he could bring it to day care
this is another must have , we put her little foot prints up every christmas , i'm so glad i got this !
my daughter registered for this diaper pail liner and it looks good and sturdy . i'm sure she will find it very convenient to use .
i really like these scissors to trim my baby's nails . they are sharp but the design makes it so much safer than clipping with nail trimmers .
bastante satisfecho con el producto comprado , el tetero grande en ocasiones le provoca colicos a mi pequeña hija , no asi el resto
this mattress is firm and of good quality . too bad we couldn't use it much , as my baby would very rarely sleep in his cradle .
these are fantastic , bought some for diaper pail , they worked so well , that i bought and put them in every garbage can in house ! !
this are great ... unless of course you're more concerned about being able to see out your windows than the sun being in your kiddo's eyes .
i returned this as soon as i opened it up . super tiny and over-priced for a piece of flimsy plastic .
books were shorter than expected and content was disappointing . i would suggest an alternative first experience for babies . nothing else to say .
used this on a recent trip . it packs well and took about 10 min to blow up . no isses and our little boy loved it .
this boppy is a must have for breastfeeding and tummy time ! highly recommend it !
its a must have for winter time ! its soft , worm & easy to clean , i have 2 , for my toddler & newborn !
i'm so happy i bought this ! it's so easy to clip on the passy . i love things that make a mom's day easier .
very useful if you plan your baby to use the pouch , especially for very young babies with soft gums , wish it comes with a portable case .
sturdy , easy to use ... holds a good amount of clothes if you have one toddler . easy to carry to laundry room . highly recommend it !
love this one it stays on and protect my little from hurting him self . well made ! order this one and you will love it .
a must have for mothers and little peeps that get a coldvery sanitary and efficient in expediting the removal of the mucas
very functional and good quality for the money . i would recommend as first cup . accommodates ages 4 months and up .
i bought it for my love , it's very nice as the description , my girl loves that a lot . it's a good toy .
my baby tried it several times , but she doesn't like it that much , but i still like the product idea
we love this and my grand son actually falls asleep in this sitting sideways . he absolutely loves it . now i want a little sofa to match .
i like the idea of soft flannel inside , but it's too bulky and doesnt hold very well . also the outside cover smells bad , plastic kind
graco es una super marca , ofrece durabilidad , practicidad , por eso lo escogí . además de ofrecer modelos muy bonitos , ofrece portabilidad .
great cotton sheets , just what i expected . they get softer the more you wash them .
our baby found this seat very uncomfortable and cried whenever bathed . we were also disappointed to find that it does not fit in any of our sinks .
this elbow rest does exactly what it's meant to do , it sits well on the bath and makes bath time much more comfortable for you .
it's a good way to organize in your bag pack the food that your baby need when you're going out
i use these wubbanub pacies for my babies in their bed because it is easier to find it at night . i love them for that reason !
the parts that bulge out - the connectors can make baby gag - its a but too bug for babys small mouth .
i love how thin this bag is yet still waterproof . it has worked great as a cloth diaper accessory . good bag .
looks cute ! perfect for our baby's woodland nursery ! and easy to carry up and down stairs . love this brand , also got the fox toy bin .
i really like these binaries . my 8 month old seems to like them and i love that they have caps for when they are not in use
my baby kind of likes to chew on this . not really sure it's helping his teeth . but what the heck , it makes a nice chew toy .
very bright and colourfulbaby loves mobileclassical music is greatwe were actually able to let 2-1 \ 2 month old put herself to sleep with this mobile
this is a strong and soft beautiful baby blue bumper.for the price it's just amazing.well worthy . would def buy again .
my daughter loved this from the beginning . perfect for her hands . the only downfall was it was broken after my husband stepped on it .
i do love the glow in the dark of these , makes it so easy to find them in the night !
big enough for my 8 month old . he loves to be swaddled , and these are plenty roomy for him . i definitely say buy this !
my son has the monkey its " his monkey " and he loves it bought this as a gift ! ! ! hope they love it too
this chair is perfect for my three year old . he loves it when we're out and about and it's small and easy to pack around . good quality .
allows pumping and feeding from various types of pumps and bottles , great for when you are trying to figure out which bottle baby will take !
this pad makes it easier to place my son in his car seat by holding the lower buckle up and away from him .
great bottle brush and does not harbor bacteria like sponge tipped bottle brushes . i have the stand for it already so this is just the brush replacement .
i love these , they're easy , light , and i don't feel guilty throwing them away if they get yucky . totally worth it .
these trays work great for freezing baby food - the cover is very helpful and food chunks apart easily one frozen into nice sized cubes
these are great spoons for little ones that are learning to self feed and works great for those who are learning to eat solids .
great product ! easy to clamp on to many different crib sizes , and the arm can be adjusted to hold the mobile at different heights .
it is a nice accessory to have but was so ridiculously overpriced . the tray is nice and easy to clean
super cute and great for newborn , i love it ... super plush and soft , baby will definitely enjoy the little froggy .. good product you guys have
this cover is very soft and lightweight , just like their wraps . fits my standard changing pad . good purchase and a good price .
like the baby friendly ink , it should have more if one is not so good making the prints , with a baby it happens
these head supports work wonders for our little kiddo . much better alternative to the lame head supports provided by most car seat manufacturers .
this rack holds a lot of bottles and pump parts ! i put this under the fan in my kitchen , and everything dries in a jiffy !
this harness is cute but we use it more as a toy than a harness . my toddler does not like to wear it for a long duration .
i got this for my youngest and she loves it . it's light so she can grab and move it - and it makes fun noises !
totally recommend these for your little baby ! they are soft baby can grasp rattle easily and don't have to worry about her hurting herself with hard rattles
they are great ! cheap too ! my boy hasn't figured it out how to open them yet . love it ! love it !
my son sleeps great on this mattress . the carters easy fit jersey cotton bassinet sheets stretch and fit this mattress nicely .
good sturdy letters . some are a little more obscure then i'd like for someone learning their abc's . the n could also pass for an h for example .
why are these not sold in stores i was lucky to find these on line . i would not have used anything else .
great price , excellent durable , yet soft , product . my infant daughter loves her elmo teether book ! :) i would definitely recommend it to a friend .
finally , i dont get formula all over myself when im trying to make a bottle on the go ! ! ! a must have ! ! !
it was very easy to install and works great . water pressure is more than expected . should work great for cleaning the cloth diapers .
cool to the touch , great for baby . gives off just enough illumination . i thought the aesthetic wouldn't be great , but they don't look bad .
we got this to keep for going on picnics or sitting in the grass or sand . it is easy to store and the blanket wipes off easily .
perfect size for baby ! wonderful for bathes and diaper changes ! soft and small . available in few color schemes : blue , yellow , pink .
this is a great way t o organize milk . it only fits 13 when frozen . i have one for the fridge and one for the freezer .
my daughter is addicted to dinosaurs and loves this mat . it is great quality for a good price and i couldn't be happier .
looks cute and does the trick of protecting kids from scrapes . i highly recommend this product for all moms and dads .
this worked fine . but eventually i found a brand that was carried at our local food co-op that was cheaper .
these seem a little chinsy , but actually adjust well and work well . so far our boy has not figured them out .
this is not too hard or too soft and they fit perfectly for the crib that i got from ikea .
this does not absorb odors at all . i was not expecting it to add fragrance - just neutralize . disappointed .
i have wanted this since seeing it when making my baby registry for our first child . it works wonders . it beeps if too hot or too cold .
this works great for a mclaren triumph . it is super easy to attach and folds up easily and fits in a small bag .
does not leak and holds all the contents in place . stays hot and can be washed in the dishwasher .
kids love these silly things . they are soft enough that little kiddos can use them . great toy . safe for chewers .
nuk is amazing i never but any other pacifier . daughter loves themwhat more can you say about a pacifier
i had a pump but needed larger flanges . these were a great fit and i am pleased with my purchase .
he is 4 months old and he really enjoys playing with this toy . it is his favorite toy right now .
the mattress seems thick and comfortable for baby , but firm enough that i don't worry about her .
i bought this for a friend to put her baby shower presents in . it is pretty large and is collapsible . very cute .
these wipes are a life saver . i travel significantly for work and these make cleaning breast pump parts in my truck a breeze .
i bought this with my bjorn potty chair . it's nice and sturdy . very pleased with the product .
use this for my two year old in daycare . keeps food warm , does not leak . fits in his box , so i'm very happy !
our granddaughter has the best time in her walker . excellent quality , lots of accessories for her to play with . fun realistic car sounds . highly recommend .
very easy to use and works great on fruit and sandwiches . cuts the food to the perfect size for toddlers .
love the bump at the top so nothing gets in those cute little baby neck rolls =) ) best bib for nursing and bottle feeding
pretty color but material is cheap and not very soft . the slits for the securing straps are in an odd place .
died after one power outage . very disappointing gift . ended up buying a cheaper monitor and had it last twice as long and still going strong .
this chair does what it needs to do but could be made more sturdy and compact . straps the kid down good and is convenient .
my wife and i , love them.for our new baby born im so happy . thank you so much donna p
came broken , little antennas on bee were missing and paint was chipped . the lampshade was crooked and smashed in . blah ! sent it back .
these blankets are great ! so versitile ! very light weight and breathable ... the only blankets i feel comfortable leaving in the crib with the baby
i swear by these wraps - so soft and by far the easiest to swaddle with . absolutely love these prints !
my friend was / is happy w / the travel system . it wasn't for me , it was a gift . great product ! great experience at amazon.com .
works as a great soother for my seven month old . he's been breast fed since birth and this is the only pacifier he will use .
amazing product ! have used these with my last two children and love these bibs !
these are baby's preferred pacifier . i really love that nuk makes them cute . they are a fun and functional , quality product .
this is a great addition to your car seat for infants . it snuggles them in so that their head doesn't bounce around . great price too !
sophie the giraffe is so popular these days , and this is a few bucks cheaper than in stores . loved by all kids ( and moms ) !
works to keep knees from pain , while bathing tots . stores easily , matches our bathroom . very happy to have this item available when needed .
those are great bobs , no more washing stained bibs every day , you just rinse those well and they are clean .
took two of us to change the sheets in the baby crib before i got this . i love it and recommend it to all parents ! !
was excited to use this but it was dried up when it arrived so was unusable . very bummed . good idea but does not deliver as promised .
love them . they work great . only problem is that the small one is so tiny that i don't see what i could use it for ...
i love this product ! fits well in my windows and is very easy for an adult to open and close .
this only works for lever style faucets so you're out of luck if you have anything else . otherwise a great concept .
this doesn't stick to my fireplace as well as my table but it does the trick .
love these ! we used the on our baby for the first few months with water only . so soft and easy on babies bottom .
pro : price affordable , comes with image , different signalscons : power runs out quick , the image flashes at times , buzzing noise
my baby girl loves her lamb ! she gets so excited when i wind it up . it's very cute and soft and hopefully will last a long time .
these are some of my favorite baby bowl ... they work great on the go or at home and have never melted in the dishwasher ...
i love dr brown bottles but they don't really fit good in the normal baskets so its nice they made a basket just for these bottles
cute and cheap , you get what you pay for . it's perfect in our nursery and those loose items that just don't have a home .
this is fantastic drains well , compact , and was i feel extremely reasonable ! i was amazed at how well made this was for the price !
my wife and i , love the pacifierfor my new baby born im so happy . thank you so much donna
great product - i'm a big mam fan and love their product . high quality they lasted me for 4 years with 3 kids who all were bottle fed .
these are perfect for those little ones who are just learning to self feed . these bend to an angle and you can also straighten them afterwards .
did not have enough structure for my taste . it was ok otherwise . also not a great cup holder . i did not try it with the carrier .
love the bobby for so many things ... and this cover is very soft and goes on easily . would recommend to a friend
this was an excellent buy , small , compact and doesn't break the bank . baby girl sleeps 5 to 6 hours a night in the napper .
using with the summer infant changing pad and it's a perfect fit . so soft and easily washable . wish i bought this cover the first time around .
it keeps my angels from getting into areas they should not . these help me relax because i know my grandchildren are safe
very good ! very practical ! i loved it ! for the baby , it is very important to a good bottle ! children seem to like to use !
we adore this little giraffe ; it was the first thing we bought when we found out we were pregnant . timeless !
cute yet , i like all the detail . my kids think it's pretty neat too . wish it had more color choices .
these work better than anything else i use for burping my babygirl . they are super soft and last a long time .
these are super cheap and absorbent . i really like that i can use these and don't have to worry about leaks are a bulky diaper .
i keep these on my 2 strollers with toy keys attached ! i wonder how many toys went overboard when i didnt have these ! a cheap fix !
really easy to use and clean ! just wish it came in 2 oz serving size as well ! !
this product is great at keeping the water out of my 1 - year old son's hair when i give him a bath .
baby is not nearly as gassy since we switched to these bottles . also very easy to clean .
beautifully made , solid . a rather low stool however . unfortunately , too short for my daughter to reach the sink to wash her hands .
love that this pops like the old fashioned popcorn push toy on a stick . just the right size for little hands .
works good to keep the kiddos from getting out of the house . could be tough to mount to some doors , but works great once it's mounted .
bought this for a baby shower gift because it is so versatile . it is adorable and i am sure the new mom will love it .
this pacifier is so easy to find . we have had two for over a year and my daughter can find it easily on her own . great product !
works great and nice value . it makes your stroller way more functional and they are well built . my daughter loves them
i try to make all my own baby food for my daughter and this tool is super great ! it's quick and easy to clean , highly recommend it !
my daughter loves this thing . she shakes it , tries to chew on it . she love lamaze products . we also have the book as well .
our baby loves hanging out in the kitchen where there is hard tile . this play mat created a great soft and safe place for our baby .
i have purchased others but like the fact this one has a protective cover for the freezer .
this thing is huge ! does not fit on the spout at all and the velcro is not tight enough or " sticky " enough .
good changing pad . i've had mine for 10 months so far and pretty happy with it .
very cute and perfect for gender neutral . i have not tried it yet as the baby is still inutero , but i am sure it will be perfect !
these sheets are the best ! they are so soft and cozy for cold winter nights.they have held up great through numerous washings .
these diapers make the perfect burp cloths because once they have been laundered , they are extremely soft and flexible unlike many cloths designed to be burp cloths .
i love the larger size because it covers more when using a public changing station . tight squeeze fitting into diaper bag .
we add this to an osocozy pre-fold , which we tri-fold and put in a thirsties duo wrap diaper cover , for extra protection during naps . works well !
my 4 - month old will hold these all day ! each key is a little different in terms of the chewy teether placement .
this item works well and allows you to see your little one . this is a great buy for any parent driving around their child .
this rattle is easy for babies to hang onto and has a great teething handle . it is one of my baby's favorites .
this puzzle is pretty small and my 2 - yr-old son is more interested in building a pedway from them rather than looking at the small letters and pictures .
leaks , was a pain to wash since the straw was always dirty . i have the playtex ones that work much better and doesn't leak .
great item . has nice sounds and is very very soft.our boy likes it a lot as does his cousins ( gifts ) .
folds flat , easy to wash , basic toy bar , no batteries needed , my baby loves it :) i'm a happy mommy !
this is easier than the finger brushes in my opinion and my son will even take it and gnaw on it himself .
big size for older baby . really nice and warm.my sister was looking for an xl size and i was able to find it online .
leaks ! leaks ! leaks ! leaks ! i just like the handles on the cup but not a good cup because it leaks .
this teether is great ! i like that it has the water filled section and the nuby plastic section of the wings for teething . my son loves it !
this is a great baby teether . it helped my daughter with teething and know that this is made in the usa is even better .
these are super cute in our little one's closet and help to easily separate the clothes by size / age .
don't have a use for the comb yet , but the brush has been great . the bristles are not too soft , not too rough .
really cute and waterproof . daughter loves it . not super flimsy . cleans easy - what more can you want ? really like it .
my wife is big about everything being organic . these fit the bill , and function as advertised . my wife is happy with this purchase .
works pretty well . however is the baby wiggles it is hard to get a measurement . i didnt think i would use the music feature but i do .
my kid used these for almost 2 years . they were perfect to keep her warm . that lasted until she learned how to use zippers
my son loves it , he will be cried if we take it back .
i wanted to try something new and cheaper . bottom line is this diaper is hardly even water proof . spend your money on bum genius 4.0 instead !
so far it is awesome . kind of like a little ipod for babies . can't vouch for how long it will last yet .
i purchased this when it was on sale for $ 8 ! and its awesome ! it helps keep my bottles organized and is great to use and clean !
great blankets for babies . the price is really good for 6 blankets . i ordered these for my friend that is having a baby .
soft and easy to use . it makes me feel much better about my son moving around his crib at night now that he is mobile .
perfect , soft , white . fit on my crib mattress . deep pockets , so there are no pulling or fussing over getting your fitted sheet on .
i make this 2nd purchase . my baby loves so much so easy for her tiny hand to get hold of and to chew on . good luck .
i would recommend this rattle to any family with a 2 or 3 - month old baby . really gets their attention and helps them to focus .
it is a great use for the bath time . the baby loves the texture , i love the fabric and is light and soft . i love it .
nice idea , great product . i didn't really used it much since the babybjorn didn't look as stylish with it , but that is just preferrence .
so easy and convenient to use and takes only 6min in the microwave . i use this every day . best invention . ever .
the zipper separates after use . so far i've been able to put to back together when i unzip and re-zip . hopefully it continues to hold up .
these are a necessity , i recommend these for any newborn . they are very nice with a great print , will handle lots of use
i really like this rinser , it allows me to wash shampoo off my daughter's head without water getting into her eyes .
large for new born but colours grab ur attention i can see why my daughter will have this toy for years to come it has every thing
loved these sheets ! very easy to put on and are super comfy and soft . i wish they came in more colors .
just get ice cube trays then freeze and pop the cubes out and store in a ziplock . the quality of these was nice but not worth the price tag
so far they seem like they will work , haven't used them yet becaue i haven't had the baby but looking forward to it ! !
this sheet is for my great granddaughter . its soft for her to sleep on and doesn't bunch or pull from the cradle corners .
i love these , my kids each have their own color and hold on to them.they actually look forward to using their hold on handles .
this fit my summit x3 just fine , but is is really bendy and doesn't offer much by way of room for stuff .
easy to change bags.stable when changing bags ( others are not ! ! ! ) - won't topple over.regular garbage bagsone hand use .
maybe not for newborns . nasal is too big . spoon looks convenient though . hope to never use anything from this box :)
the only sippy cup she like . lve the color and it doesnt leak at all . would buy another one when little boy started using sippy .
these are great ! we've reordered three times . perfect for baby gift thank yous as well as for my two year old son . love them !
not so comfortable for either the baby or the parent . i guess that it what you get for the price i paid .
perfect replacement . allowed us to have more on hand so cleaning was less of an issue ( always had a clean set ) .
i can let baby lay down , or sit up . he's 8 months old and is still able to use both positions . great item !
i like this changing pad a lot . it is very soft and has held up to multiple washings . the print is super-cute .
just what i needed ! doesn't take up a lot of space , the brush is soft , and easy to hold ! baby likes the mirror too !
thin for absorbing / comfort . size is small , would have been worth if was 1.5 times and more thick . unimpressed by the product
i love those sleep sacks . i have owned a few and my 12 month old daughter sleeps better in them ,
i think that this sheet is so soft ! it fits just perfect on the crib mattress . i even bought a couple more !
love these bumpers ! they were exactly what i was looking for . they fit the mini crib perfectly and are very soft and cozy .
this was exactly what i needed for my medela pump n style advanced . i got this as replacement tubing and it worked well .
seem to be doing the job well but they are quite hard to open for adults too . decided only to use them on cabinets i rarely access .
we kept this in the back of the car and used it several times . it works great , and is so easy to clean up . love it !
great seat ! design is perfect for legs in order for baby to finally sit up after laying on blankets most of the day .
awesome way to let your little one snack by themselves while not making a mess ! these are great for all little children !
great for teething baby and for baby when he isn't quite ready for independent eating yet . melon was a real hit !
my baby loves chewing on the corn and getting it to vibrate . i think it feels good on her gums when her teeth come in .
very funny to see the baby " trying " to change the channels in the same time with you :) i'll recommend it to other parents too .
they work , but you can see it . i was hoping that it would be transparent so it would not show .
grandson really loves the stuff you put in this very good product easy too clean
crayons work well and wash off nicely . my first time buying bath crayons so i don't really have anything to compare them with ... satisfied customer :)
these containers are durable , lids stay on , good size , cute colors , and bpa free . it was a good purchase for the price as well .
this takes a little patients as you try to adjust it in place , but it straps on quickly and holds firmly .
the zipper broke on a hand-me-down my brest friend pad . this worked well as a replacement . it can be washed in the washing machine .
the only poop bags we use . i've tried other off brands and they just stink and don't work . highly recommended !
these are great for bathing baby , beautiful colors and very soft , great design . makes bathing baby easy and fun . makes great baby shower gifts
perfect for what i needed , and kept my baby cushioned , safe in the bath . for sure made bath time easier .
works pretty well but sometimes the sticky stuff in the back comes loose and the bib slips off . overall , it's a pretty good product .
these are my favorite diaper covers . they fit well , wash well and don't require any special tricks to keep them clean .
i searched for the perfect bibs for the first months , and i really liked these . i have yet to try them . . .
my son loves chewing on these teethers . they are safe and easy to clean . it has different textures and super easy to handle . highly recommend these !
this is a good bag but not nearly as big as they say . i can only fit like 3 dirty cloth diapers inside . wish it was bigger
nice brand , fits very well , no complaints from mommy and baby ! i highly recommend this brand . you won't be disappointed .
we like these . they keep the toddler from turning the gas range burners on , but not the nicest looking things .
this diaper cover fits well , and the extra leg gussets are perfect for keeping in loose small-baby poops . could not think of a single thing to change !
helps babies and children to hold the cup by yourselves ! and the design its pratical color it is so beautiful .
this bottle warmer is easy to use and works quickly . we've been using it for a month and haven't had a single issue with it .
a lot of the pins were broken had to go to store to buy more pins cause so many of them were broken into halfs
great bag for wet or dirty clothes . i have been using this bag for wet clothes not cloth diapers.works great and i love it .
this is a very good crib for the money . it looks nice , is sturdy , and can be converted into a toddler bed .
even flo is a good product but there are other brands out there . this is what we chose and will try something else for the next baby .
stuck on our shower that has a tile very well , i don't think its going anywhere ! !
this is the second set of extentions and they fit great , i needed an extra large gateto cover our entertainment system
great alternative to the more expensive ones . works just as well ! i use this on a city mini gt and it's perfect .
baby loves this mat . she nuzzles it and loves to lay on it.it is super soft and plush , not to mention absolutely adorable !
great lunch bag , perfect size and easy to pack up.only complaint is the liner is already torn from three casual uses .
these are so great ! they work just as described . i love that even if they are unbuttoned , it still isn't long enough to strangle a child .
i feel that these bottles work well but they are a chore to clean since there are so many pieces . worth a try though and a great price !
i like the idea of the babies can learn and feed themselves but it's just too small and it gets so messy
this sheet is softer than some of the other pack n play sheets we've encountered . it's fits our 3 " mattress perfectly .
this is so amazingly soft and warm ! i wish they had a blanket like this ! baby loves to snuggle in it
i have a family childcare home and have had a hard time finding a way to label cups that was durables these are great !
this has worked perfect for my daughter's crib . i like that it has the mobile and then the activity thing to , play with too .
love this musical toy . i ordered a 2nd one since it was so cute . i use on pack n play .
this is the perfect baby show gift because you know they will never buy it on their own , but would totally use it !
this bag will go beyond babies . washable , and looks great . it also folds up nice inside my much bigger bag .
it works great ! every time my baby has an accident , just change the sheets and keeps the mattress dry and odor free .
it's a pretty pattern and helps us not lose pacifiers constantly . this brand is great for different colors and patters .
super cute pack and i got it at a great price ! love these lightweight blankets ! perfect for baby as it warms up .
these are adorable and gender neutral . love the bright colors . price was good and i may buy more in the future .
this has been a great seat so far and our son loves the cupholder part of it . he seems to really like sitting in this chair .
really like the mobile and option to change out the discs . just really hard to .
this is perfect size for throwing in my daughter's lunch box for school . i'm never afraid of it leaking and it maintains temperature just fine .
i wish they had these in an adult size . it looks awfully comfy , get some extra covers as babies tend to poop when they are asked not to
this blankets have pretty designs and colors . i sell them in my little baby store and my buyers are looking for carter's all the time .
these are too big and just float around the straps . they bother my child . i like the store brand sold at the big box toy store instead .
these bowls are geat . i probably need to order a few more packages because i send all of my daughters meals to daycare in these bowls .
baby loves the tunes , especially the william tell overture ( bounces to it ) . baby started using this at 10 months old
bought this when i was pregnant with my first baby . it was easy enough to use that our 8 yr old at the time could help .
i bought these to replace a large basket that i lost when we were moving . the quality of these isn't great , but the price is pretty good .
love those , use them every day . i didnt get them on amazon , i purchased them from aden & anais sight directly
works just fine with no issues in my 2013 mazda cx - 9 . recommended , and i would buy again . keeps the seat clean and tidy .
the bottles and their system are good but the problem with this product is the silicone nipples ! too long and it is difficult for the baby to eat .
bought this for my first child now we have a second and it still is in great condition , would highly recommend it .
useful safety precaution whether a new mom or grandma drawing bath water for a baby's bath . am partial to ducks anyway .
beware this is a decent option but it does not fit the britax marathon classic car seat despite what the product descriptions says .
great quality and thickness . they are about the same size as what some would call preemie but so much thicker .
my 3yo fit this chair . it is very light and easy to carry . latches when extended so it very secure .
purchased this for a friend that uses bottles with every feeding from birth . her report is that the baby loves these and is not gassy at all !
they are awesome and cute cheewys however for the price i should of resourced elsewhere . i am not sure what i was really expecting from them ..
my new grand baby got this and she loves it when it touches her face and most of the time will fall right asleep
these are exactly what i wanted . soft ribbon and strong clip . they are good quality and very cute in person . great buy for the price .
these really do a great job of keeping the wipes warm and moist . i'm very happy with this product .
worth it . super easy to use . saves a boatload of time and helps keep things clean and sterile . ample capacity and good reusability . great value .
bright , bold colors . different textures . and she can stick it in her mouth , like everything else . what more could you ask for ?
great mattress , my 15mo old daughter has been sleeping like a queen on it since she turned 1 . no regrets with this purchase .
overall it does what it's supposed to and we're not fumbling for pacifiers or water bottles toy ect . . .
diaper champ works great ! you can use your regular garbarge bags with it . no need to buy re-fills .
my 3 - yr old loves his new alligator travel pillow ! can't wait to put it to the real test this upcoming 4 - day weekend !
these were nice for a while , but of course they never quite dry out inside and we had to replace them with something else .
these bottles are amazing . my baby switched back and forth from breast to bottle with ease . i would defiantly buy these again .
night light , sound machine and projector in one . great price.has a voice activation option too . can use for years with kids or myself .
this is perfect for the winter weather . when combined with my body heat , it keeps my very tall 11 month old nice and snuggly . love it .
works as expected and very handy for taking the baby on the go . easy to use and store with all the other baby gear .
this pump is very flimsy . i managed to get only 1-2 good pumping sessions out of it before it broke .
i just received my blankets and they're better than i expected . i love the feel and pattern . i highly recommend them , especially for summer babies .
doesn't adjust well ; doesn't stay on , and comes folded up from china so that it basically never takes the right shape again .
push it is ... fit the changing pad that i bought perfectly and it is nice and soft to lay my son down .
this powerstrip cover is pointless . any child can get their hand in it and get shocked .
decent sound quality . plays music for a long period which is a nice feature . my child also likes the different music options
i got these i thought they were as big as the once that come with the alva diapers but no they're pretty small but they're good as boosters .
paint works better and it really wasnt all that dark the first time then it dryed up better for feet than hands in my opinon
it is awesome , because my back says thank you ... it is so convenient , i recommend so much ... really i do ...
one of my twin girls love this thing . the other loves her taggie blankets . it is soft and washable so it's good for us .
this is the only pail ive ever hadbut i love iti never smell anything coming from itand that is the point right :)
this tore up too quickly . my daughter had to throw it out after my grandson got too big for it .
great for bathing a newborn in the sink . i don't have to worry about her being cold or not having enough support .
love this bottles ! ! wish the make more options perhaps 4ozlove it ! ! ! very easy to clean , he loves the nipples
these leak and don't colapse use the older rolled liners they do not leak . and you can see them colapse like they should
i purchased this booster seat because i was tired of my daughter's highchair taking up so much room . i love it !
this summer infant 3 piece swaddleme cotton knit infant wrap is very cute , i will buy it again and tell my another friends .
my son is teething and he loves chewing on this toy ! ! he hasn't put it down yet ! this is a must buy !
love this bag . a bit pricey , however my husband can use it without feeling as though he's holding my pocket book .
i just this on my tommee tippee bottles and other brand bottles . keep the pieces apart most the time for easier use .
this is great for holding you baby , when you need to get other things done . it fits well and holds the baby well .
i havent use it , but the quality looks good ～ smooth and soft ！ i think my little baby will love it . for the training to brush .
so cute - my 8 month old loves " brushing her teeth " after meals , and looks just like a baby chimp holding onto her banana .
ordered two of these . decent quality - first one was missing a part and company sent new one immediately . so far been great for storing toys
i hate this monitor , don't buy it ! it broke after 2 months and power connector is the most horrible i have ever seen . such a slacker job
this thermometer works great and it takes the baby's temperature instantly . i like that this thermometer is an affordable price too .
a baby / toddler never gets tired of watching the ball drop & roll down this super fun toy . my son loved it !
when you close the diaper pail it makes a very very very loud banging noise ... not good at night when everyone is trying to sleep
my daughter doesn't like it as the baby einstein's version , but it's a cute , and portable toy perfect for keeping in the diaper bag .
has seen lots of use and no issues . helps keep the pacifier off the floor . purchased another to leave at sitters .
these are thinner than i thought they'd be but they are cute and easy to wipe and wash without getting faded , crinkly or harder to attach .
this is totally cute is a great thing to have to be able to put the baby in and keep them occupied . it folds flat for storage .
just what i was expecting . it is cute and fun for the baby . worth the price most definitely , i think .
this is so much better than having one lid over a partitioned formula container . i still use this and plan to use it for snacks later .
never leaks . never smells . cute as all get out ! hang dries in a snap . amazing quality . wish i had about 5 more of these !
thermos is wonderful , it can keep the temprature very long time , about 8-12 hrs , when you want to goto outside it was very helpful .
this foam fits perfectly on graco bassinet travel light . buy carters easy fit sheet for this foam , fits perfectly . recommend !
i love nuk products and this is no exception ! it smells great and leaves my baby's skin soft after bath time !
great pitcher to mix formula . i like it , although other people might like using a regular pitcher . it makes preparing bottles less stressful .
we bought this to prevent our son's pacifier from falling out of the crib at night . been using it for 1.5 years and it works great .
we love this spout cover . i can't tell you how many bumps on the head it has saved us from during our son's bathtime .
good wipes , don't fall apart . seem comfortable for baby . glad we got these . buying in bulk is the way to go .
who has time to line dry baby stuff ? if it went in the dryer i'd give it a 5 ! .
great for the hospital and everywhere else . love all the sounds , but preferred least the waterfall , which just sounds like white noise .
perfect bath toys for babies , they can hold them and suck on them and get squirted . my little girl loves these toys and the texture too .
if these had some sort of grip that didn't also get " iced " they would have been a 5 star for my nephew .
these are awesome . they really help in keeping little man's clothes clean while eating / drinking / drooling . the only bibs i will ever buy !
much easier than the side rails and portable ! easy to inflate and deflate . easy to carry in your luggage . great product .
great product does just what you want and is cheap yet durable , i will definitely buy these again they are well worth the price
this gate was horrible to install and the it was not correctly latching , we returned it and purchased the angle mount safety baby gate instead .
we use medium for our diaper bag and use large for the daycare . we love these planet wise diaper bags .. they are great quality ! !
i started using this when my baby was about 2 weeks old . he has taken well w / this bottle .
pretty simple product ... you install them , and they keep the little fingers from getting shocked . they are easy to use , and work great .
used this for my baby girls crib / toddler bed . it is soft and draws the eyes to lots of colors . i really like the carters brand
you can play nonstop music ; great visual ; great temp control ; great sound ; would buy this product again and def can not say enough about it
omg this just so fluffy and soft ! i love it , i would definitely recommend this to everyone ... you will not be disappointed
my 21 month old son loves this thing . its his " backback " and doesnt mind wearing it out . he thinks its " cool " !
i only use it when we go out or if in the car . so adorable . we lost the first one and bought a second as a replacement .
any other baby spoon risks putting lead in your baby ! these are made in the usa and well worth your child's health . stock up !
unfortunately this wasn't the correct size for me . the standard 24mm worked better however i would hate to leave a bad review because of my own error .
it is an ok brush , but just too big and takes too much space . i expected it to be smaller .
love the colours and the sturdy design.we get many compliments on it when my son wears it.would definately purchase another one !
awesome to have extra bottles that can be pumped into or gives you a few extra feedings between sanitizing . can use with all the medela nipples and lids
this light is very cute , safe and kids love it.but i dont know if its worth replacing it every few months
a lifesaver when driving alone with baby . adjustable and works as indicated and has held up well so far ( baby 12 weeks )
this is a super easy , no hassle attachment . it can also be easily moved , nothing complicated about it . great product !
well made simple style . my daughter showed no interest in it and i destroyed the teether ring by trying to boil it . :(
just what we thought it would be . works great for our little one in the car or on the stroller to keep her cool and comfy .
this is perfect for carrying around photos in your purse , or for having them at the office . it fits a good amount and is so cute !
just as described . so cute and soft ! definitely worth the buy . feels like it will hold up for years to come !
very satisfied was as advertised and fit nicely on the crib mattress we have in the room for our grandson .
my baby loves to play this bendy ball , very playful and good for baby over 6 month . nice color and easy to clean .
i really like these and bought as a second one to have . the color is great . it is easy to use .
these bags are easy to use , and i've never had one leak . i will definitely buy more of this brand when i run out .
these work perfectly with the avent bottles but you need to buy spouts too . then you can use these as sippy cups .
what more can i say , they refill the decor diaper pail and keep the diapers and smells at a distance .
it's a good bottle but it really leaks sometimes . when i have my next baby i probably won't choose this baby bottle again .
great brush , the nipple cleaner is kind of useless . the brush is flexible and the base is perfect for putting next to sink .
i like there soft and i feel safer using these than the metal ones we had recieved as gifts
already had one and i bought an extra one because they are very practical to carry the baby milk powder
these look absolutely beautiful , but they peel up a lot . i had to sticky tack them to get them to stay on my daughter's wall .
easy to use , easy to store and easy to warm back up . these work great and keep milk fresh , recommended !
i love this crib ! it's sturdy and it wasn't difficult to put together . why spend more money when you don't have to ?
we have twins and this sterilizer works very good for all there stuff . takes approx 15 minutes and then cools and everything is perfect .
helps with drying time , makes clothes softer , no loud noises , no weird smells . i'm getting more as christmas gifts ! highly recommended !
this blanket is the cutest . bought for my newborn and its so snuggly and soft . i hope it lasts for years to come .
we have three of these for our little man and they are great for nighttime . they have been washed a few times and still look and fit great .
babies play with it briefly , then move along . it just never held their interest very long . i would not purchase again .
i love it ! it is feet perfect my crib , looks very nice and feels soft and safe for my baby . so happy that i got it .
good choice . baby can't take it off the outlet . it isn't too hard for mom to remove it to plug in the vacuum .
this helps my baby feel a little bit cozy while still keeping cool . it's very light weight , and perfect for summer nights .
my daughter did not like this . it made a lot of noise and she couldn't get comfortable .
great bottles . they are the only ones i use . major improvement as these have the ring that totally prevents any leaks .
not durable . lasted a few months . if you don't mind buying a replacement from time to time go for it . it's otherwise cute and light .
with the number of hours we spend on it , i'm pretty happy we bought a good quality one made where i come from !
perfectly fine sheet but just really hard to get on . drives me crazy it's too tight or maybe my mattress is big i dunno
easy to assemble and break down . my son was tipping the graco pack n play . this one he is unable to tip .
this is our go to baby gift ! it's the most used infant accessory in my opinion ! my baby girl spent so much time in it !
my daughter tells me it serves its purpose as well as being sturdy and easy to use on the stroller .
i knoe my kids are safe with these locks on my cabinets and drawers . they can't get into them , but i can .
this is a great canopy . perfect for summer when it's hot and don't want baby to overheat . has good air flow and blocks out sun really well .
i haven't really started using this product yet , but my little guy will soon enough . he just needs to get the hang of it .
this fabric is perfect ! not too hot like the fleece and not flimsy and thin like the cotton . just right .
i like these , but the water would not absorb correctly until i washed them a few times . i am planning on buying another set .
using these with the prefolds we have yet to have a blowout . we have 5 which is enough to get us between washes ( every other day )
my dumpling is much more comfortable now with this design.its safe as well.keeps his head in place.its soft , and it can be washed .
we didn't have a changing table , so this was perfect . it was soft , easy to clean and portable !
it's nice and soft but doesn't fit we'll over my summer infant changing pad . very stretched over the pad so doesn't lay flat
what a waste the products slips off all the time i do not recommend it at all but since the stroller was recalled it does not matter
catches everything ! easy to clean and to get on and off . it ’ s the only one we use now that my son eats solid food .
we really believe these bottles have helped my wife continue to both breast feed and bottle feed our daughter with no " nipple confusion " or other issues .
my daughter seems to sleep comfortably on this mattress ( 5 months old ) with just a fitted sheet . good firm mattress .
good quality , no spaces to fill with water so can be cleaned easily . wish it came with twice as many fish however !
pretty frame and good price . i also like that its see-through and you can see the design on the glass . perfect gift gor
love this blanket . super cute and soft . although , it's a little darker than in the picture . best to use for infants and newborns .
cant swaddle a baby ! the worst blanket ! can't believed how small they are ! ! super thin fabric and worst quality ever .
these are very cute and very soft . they fit the changers well and clean easily . overall i am very satisfied with them .
i bought this for my daughter and she loves it . she has played with this so many times that i surprised it is still working .
best nipple brushes i have used . they bristles are soft enough that they don't hurt your hands as you brush , but hard enough to clean the nipples .
perfect , i love the fact it is bigger then the pack and plays but folds up just like a pack and play . awesome toys ! ! !
would recommend other washable manufacturers . the liner that ones with this is too thin therefore can't hold pees longer had ro change asap .
these are not as big as the one two squeeze blocks but they are still nice and a great toy for the lower price .
our son loves it and loves looking in the mirror ! we take it on our stroller with us and in the carseat !
ordered specifically for large size . literally shrunk 4 inches first time they were washed and dried . and not super absorbent .
the spoon is too deep . there is always food left on it after it comes out of my son's mouth . overall , i prefer a flatter spoon .
they're nice forks . sturdy , cute , wash well , toddler seems to like using them .
my baby loves to chew on this . i attached it with a ribbon and she loves to take it everywhere with her
this is just a regular nuk bottle with a different spout . my son hated the spout continued using the regular nipples
works really well does not leak which is great . they are very convenient to take to go and they thaw very quick .
my second pail liner for my cloth diapers , i have the same band the first time around . fits onto trash can well and easy to wash .
this bottle worked just fine for us , but there are so many parts it's a nuisance to clean . i think the playtex ventairs actually reduce burping better .
nice , big and comfy chair for our baby.she the material is soft and very plush , compared to others . baby also has more space to move .
these blankets are great in size , quantity in packaging ( 2 ) and most of all great price . the material is soft and wonderful for swaddling baby .
this is a great changing pad . there is no reason to pay more for a different pad , this one gets the job done .
this is so easy to use ! keeps my baby nice and snug all night . soft material . a must get if you are swaddling your baby .
i love these so much ! i have 4 metal baby gates with one under each . now it won't hurt to step in the middle !
very soft and comfortable for baby . has held up well despite countless washes ! def buy 2 so one is always ready to replace the dirty one .
we love dr . browns bottles and have used them with all 4 of our kids . i like that they are bpa free now .
i like this mesh cover , you can see through it and see your baby.and its measurement is very flexable . i like it !
our graco stroller is a regular stroller , nothing fancy . this netting is nowhere even close of big enough to fit it .
like the product on time . good quality and good packing recommend the product for first time baby . good product love it
this is an excellent product . it is high quality . i am highly satisfied and recommend it to all parents who are concerned with the stove
i wish i had bought this sooner ! so lovely and what a sweet way to protect my baby ! the cloth is super soft and we love it .
good quality cloths . we use them to wipe drool and milk that leaked from the bottle . they are thin and absorbing .
bought this to have in my home for a granddaughter about to be born . good size , soft , well constructed and adorable !
works great for clothe diapers especially if you wash the diapers every other day and some detergent and water in there after rinsing out the diaper when they poo !
my son is tube fed a blended diet . these work great to store his blends .
lots of fun in the tub with these :) my 9 months old daughter loves them too whih makes me even happier ! !
the baby began to have it from birth , the feeling is very good , also recommend friends to do well , anti flatulence
this product is excellent . not allow the pacifier falls on the floor , and is attached to the baby being found easily .
durable , microwaveable , and lids hold a tight seal . easy to store in one tall stack . vented lid nice when heating food .
great product , washes really wellsuper wide for the mouth full of food head turning babieseasy to get on
bought this as a baby gift and my friend heard great things about them . they look very durable and nice .
duradero y comodo . de un excelente tamaño que sirve para varias medidas de envases . ligero y de un acabado mate bello .
my little guy was born a bit early so he was tiny . this boppy noggin helped to keep his head supported . :-)
loved turning my bottles into jars for pumping right into them.this thing is making me type more and i have nothing else more to say . stupid .
once you try these superior swaddle blankets you will never go back to those small flannel things again ! they are plenty big to get a nice tight wrap .
my child doesn't like itand size is 어중간니맛도 아니고 내맛도 아닌애매한 물건임에 틀림없음장난감을 아이가 안좋아하니욕실에서 굴러다니고 있슴
perfect size for my three year old . great price for the five , with the bonus of two orange colored cups which is my daughter's favorite color !
no spills and easy to hold for my child ( he is 15 months ) . overall oxo carries great products . i would recommend it .
i love using this for soiled clothing to go between daycare and home . my daycare uses plastic bags and this alternative is great for the environment .
avent products are the best ! i like the color , i like the quality , and i like company care regarding its customers ! totally recommended !
we purchased to keep at grandmas that lives out of state but we visit often ! kids love it ! compact easy fold to store !
i love its magnetic , if your cabinets ar4e a little thick , you need to use key and pull handle to open cabinet at the same time
very cute , easy for my little one to hold . only issue we had was the spoon is pretty wide for little mouths , but still functional .
don't forget the saline , or it won't work as well ... you don't really need so many filters , they last a while .
this pad did not fit anything in my house . it did not fit our crib , toddler bed , or pack n play . a waste of money .
i love dr . brown'sproducts and this is no exception ! it smells great and leaves my baby's skin soft after bath time !
does not stay on my toilet very well and it is easy to pull off . my son is able to open the toilet still .
these work great . i have these around my daughter diaper bin and dirty laundry bin and her room is always smelling fresh .
love this crib , looks very nice and sturdy , delivered on time , has a toddler rail with it . i would buy it again .
this goes with my jungle themed nursery very cicely it can be used at a toy box or laundry hamper
the suction cups stick well to the shower wall and hold a bunch of toys without slipping . no problems here !
if you have a newborn , buy this for your momaroo . the baby needs the extra support . it fits perfectly and it's a fun color pattern .
super spacious and very neutral . my husband or i are hay to carry . the side wipe dispenser is really cool .
just finished the prepping for these diapers , they appear ok but did not fluff up as nicely as some of my other brands .
these bag holds plenty of diapers and holds in the smell . it is stylish and does the job very well .
i have been using bummis liners for 5 months now and absolutely love them . i think it's a great value and won't buy any other liners .
my 12 month old broke these off the toilets the first week we had them ... useless ! i would not recommend , waste of money !
plenty of space for my 20 month old . easy to install and clean . this is actually our second time purchasing . one for each car .
it was ok for my daughter but she does like it she stars to cry when has it . .
it looks like a bummis , but isn't as leakproof and doesn't hold up as well . easy to use , though , and adorable colors .
poor quality fabric . the printing has many flaws . would not recommend to anyone . should have sent back ; wish i had .
i tested them out at various phases of alcohol consumption and these work great . a must have for mammas who want to enjoy their wine .
it looks nice . not use yet . it is a little bit big . not good for the hand bag . i found a especial bag for it .
this cup just leaked everywhere , the plastic piece consistently fell out . i sent it back lest my rugs all be destroyed .
chair is sturdy , easy to put together and good for the price . sometimes makes a clicking noise but not loud enough to stop using .
i send my son's milk to mdo in this thermos and have never had a leak . keeps it cold enough for his 11:30 lunchtime !
no use no evaluation , i buy this for my little baby , but i never use it by now , so , no use no evaluation ,
turned out to be way too big ( shopping around for the right fit ) , but they arrived promptly , fit the connectors , and worked as intended .
these diaper covers are very affordable , and since money is tight , i really love that our son can be leak proof on the dime .
this a great product . also it would be good if you could buy plastic cover for the top of the crib railling .
simple and easy for sanitizing all of those items you want to sterilize for a new baby . . . . just check your specific wattage for microwave times
my daughter has tried many carriers and she says this is the best , it's very comfortable and easy to wear and my 3 month old grandaughter loved it .
these locks are exactly what i was looking for . in order to ensure a good fit , measure your cabinet knobs before purchasing .
nice and soft . fits the dream on me 3 " foam graco pank n ' play mattress well . i should have bought two .
does what it's supposed to do . no complaints . my husband assembled it so i can't comment on assembly but it looked pretty easy .
love it . easy to use and clean . lot of space and maintain the bottles inside free of bugs . good price .
my charger for my breast pump wouldn't fit in this contraption , but otherwise it did what it was supposed to do .
the wife always has these on hand to make sure that her pumping bits are clean when on the go .
my 12 mo granddgt loved this cup 7 took to it right away . because she was a preemie , she usually doesn't like anything in her mouth !
my 7 months old loves these blocks . they are soft and easy for him to grab and he loves the bright colors .
i like this cover because it covers even large fitted diapers plus the aplix in higher quality than some other covers .
my baby liked these but not as well as his other teethers . i like that it can be both a teether and a toy .
this bib is great for eating anything and specially when your baby wants to eat on his own without help . perfect for eating soup .
this is a nice product . however , i returned the product because i ultimately did not need it . quality and workmanship of materials was satisfactory .
i bought these to replace my medela membranes because they were much cheaper . they worked great and i wouldn't hesitate to buy them again .
my 5 month old son adores this rattle , he likes playing with the rings and its still easy for him to hold .
very cheaply made , wheels broke in back and battery powered toy stop working . only owned it for a month , spent $ 60 !
4 different size balls , good quality and fun to play with . use them indoors or out ! my son loves them .
does exactly what it's supposed to do and is very adjustable so you can tailor it exactly to your body .
i haven't used it yet as we are still waiting for baby's arrival . but it looks easy to use and arrived quickly .
colorful cover , washes easily and goes on your boppy pillow easily . the patterns are attractive for a baby to look at . doesn't run when washed .
this is great . my hot bodied son does not get hot in this sleep sack unlike all the others . i recommend this to all those texan's our there
i planned to use this on a changing table , not on a dresser , but it was too wide . check the measurements first !
if your baby is not a very active one this would make a great gym . mine would get bored of it after 5-10 minutes .
i thought my 7 month old twins would like this toy , but they only pick it up every once in while .
i thought is was made in the usa or i would not have purchased it . it is a very good idea and is cute .
wanted to use these , but my electrical plates have screws on the top and bottom , not in the center . so i had to return them .
very good quality cup . i like the color and design . very useful . my baby like it . i will definitely recommend it .
simple straightforward directions , easy to assemble . 3 settings for mattress height is nice . this isn't heirloom quality furniture but very decent quality for the price .
mounted them on my cabinets and drawers just as shown . it did the trick keeping grandson out of the drawers .
it gives us a separate spot to dry bottles , nipples , pacifiers and breast pump supplies . easy to drain any water and has nice separation .
i like that it is quilted for a little extra padding for my baby . perfect size ; did not shrink too much in the wash .
it is small for my four year old son . but he loves it . i reckon toddlers will use it more .
it's one of her favorite go-to toys . so simple yet so much fun for her . the little tags make it real easy for her to handle .
these utensils are fun for an infant to eat with . my only dismay is they are a bit larger than i expected .
it's super soft and holds up well . it's been washed over 3 dozen times , and it hasn't faded or torn . i highly recommend !
baby loves this jumperoo the sounds it makes are all wonderful and the toys on it keeps baby busy and amused .
i love this little contraption . super easy to use and set up , and works great . my life just got a little easier .
these are the to go to toys for my grandson's bath . he loves to scoop of the bugs and says " scoop up the bugs " .
they are not leak-proof , but they are padded enough if there's a little leak so you have time to change into some fresh pants .
great activity center for the price . baby loved it . it would have been better if it bounced . it was supposed to bounce , but didn't .
in a restaruant or at home , these are a life saver with the twins . highly recommend this product .
this is perfect for our crib . my daughter was using the rail as a teether and this saves our rails . it's soft and looks nice !
these pads were so comforting my first few weeks of breast feeding . i highly recommend for anyone with sore or cracked nipples .
i figured this would be a nice way to get the baby used to having her teeth brushed . she loves to gnaw on it .
this is such a sweet toy . the colors are amazing . the different textures are great for my baby to explore with .
fits my diaper gene with no problem , last longer , and has no smell coming from the genie . it is actually better than the genie original bags .
the only bottle that our picky baby accepts :) i like the color , shape and its new technology and safe material
my little girl loves to chew on the mermaids hair and tail . it keeps her amused in the car seat for quite a while . plus it's cute !
love that the foam pieces stick to the side of the tub for bath play . and my son likes sticking them to himself . good purchase .
this is one of the best touches for the dino nursery , the five stuffed dinos on this mobile are really cute .
my favorote 3 animals are turtles , owls and bears and as soon as i saw this i was in love ! :)
decent product . lots of different things in one convenient bucket . but they are very stinky and i've left them out to dry but still stinky .
great product , like every other products from the brand . fleece keep little ones warm and the pattern is sooo adorable .
i like the contours , keeps baby safer on the table . waterproof is true , needs a cover though because the plastic is crinkly and cold .
fits fine over mattress and washes and goes in the dryer well ... little shrinkage
love that it is bpa free ! actually use for regular ice cubes-cover is great so tha other food odors don't get into the ice
love this tested and works great , love that it looks like a floating toy colorful so will double as a toy n temp tester
i would say its a great deal with prize . burp clothes are not very thick but still not bad for new born . size a absolutely perfect !
do not know how you can screw up a light switch cover , its adorable and fits the decor of my little boys room perfectly !
i really liked the light feature and it was great because the sides are hard so my husband and i felt safer having her in bed with us .
i love this organizer , it's perfect for the britax b agile but i'm sure fits other strollers too . worth the money .
it does help in the drying time , rduce it by 10 minutes or so .. but it doesn't help with the static
this is great for breastfeeding moms . i can't imagine not having it . i can do whatever i need to while pumping without holding the bottles .
it looks cheap but it is cheap . my baby did not like wearing it - so have not used it yet .
i thought this would be less hot than the other options i saw , but it made his head so hot !
it warms the wipes but not much . it could be better . the only down side is that it has to be connected to electricity at all times .
my son loves his froggie . it has definitely helped him find his pacifier at night so we don't have to go in his room .
you can buy less expensive activity arches that can latch and tighten onto this bouncer instead of buying this one for $ 40 .
it's useful and easy.it seems very good , i love it . i will try it when i have time , maybe saturday . yes , saturday
i really like the swirls , very pretty . works well over prefold . leg gussets are great with my baby's skinny legs !
dont over think it . these are perfect . i have fancy overpriced european brands for lots of my daughter's stuff but these are the best .
cute horse , was a big hit at my friend's baby shower . it came missing one screw , but was easy to assemble .
they turned out to be too big for me ( shopping around for the right fit ) , but they arrived promptly and worked as intended .
cute and very entertaining , plays lovely music and bright colors , also great to takr along on any outing keeps my child busy listening to the classical tunes
there's a bit of a learning curve as you figure out how long different size bottles need , but once you do this is so convenient .
this bowl ( as well as plate and utensils purchased separately ) has held up well through a year's worth of machine dishwashings . it is cute and durable .
i use these daily for my child's bottles for his day care . they are durable and very handy . would recommend
the tray isn't useful and is just adds extra cost and plastic . otherwise they close tight , open easy , and don't leak .
this is a sturdy and easy to use walk though safety gate . the wide doorway use is an option and you can use it on a regular doorway !
nice addition to my stroller . i lack storage on the stroller and it holds my sons toys . cant hold much but every little counts
each piece doesn't fit and snug so there's a space between each other make it look cheaper . easily to take apart . find other !
super cute and works well for a boys or girls room . goes well with our tree / leaf / branches theme . fits well after several washes .
great ! comfy ! the more you wash the softest it becomes ! good fit for standard changing pad . mommy and baby love it !
this tiny little thing is a powerhouse in the diaper department . does the job as described and i would buy or gift this to a friend .
wife loves it . perfect size for her to carry baby items and all of her stuff . looks fashionable i guess . seems durable so far .
nice to have some back-up rolls available , i never want to run out of these . easy to use , fits all holders .
i have other philip products and they are all great . you can make more than 8 bottles to fit here by just organizing well the sterilizer .
this sheet is very cute with the star pattern . very soft after washed and holds up very well after repeated washings . softer than plain cotton .
these wash clothes are not as soft as i hoped , they feel a bit scratchy for washing a newborn baby .
these are efficient and super easy to clean . i just wash and rinse them on the sink and they are dry after 5 minutes . love it !
like it become with cover to keep it " clean " ( clean is relative when your baby crawls ) when not in use .
i loved the concept of these . except the velcro eventually ( after a month or so ) got worn that the kids could just pull them off .
we used this one and another one extensiely , and had no complaints with either . quality reflection without distortion ; and no danger of glas .
these spoons rock with spoon rest and soft tips . the squarish edges also allow more food to stay in my 10 month olds mouth .
nice strong snaps that my son cannot undo at all . several snap placements so you can customize it to your needs . good length too
this pump is great . strong , efficient , easy to use . can order spare parts to make pumping multiple times a day at work more convenient .
it looks just like the picture shows , its soft and bendable . looks like it will work perfectly for its intended purpose .
i got this for my son's pack n play mattress ... it fits but is a little tight so it smooches the mattress a bit . but it works
we've tried a ton of different shades and these are the only ones that stayed on the windows . we bought more for our other vehicle ,
it's just a mirror toy but well made and no worries when your child is playing with it , colorful , and sturdy
i love how soft this changing pad is ! it also holds up well to multiple washings and dryings . it's very pretty addition to my nursery .
not all nipples are a standard size . these are comfortable and worked perfectly for me . i pumped / fed exclusively for 10 months .
it's a nice size but the suction cups don't hold at all . takes a lot to get it to stick .
i love this wrap . keeps cloth prefolds from leaking through . tight around thighs with a double elastic so no poop leaks onto everything ... very good quality .
if using with the boon lawn , get 2 . our stems are constantly filled with bottle and pump parts and we could probably use 3 !
so far i have used this for sippy cup lids and valves and it works great .
my husband installed these on our and my parents tv's . works well and helps us feel secure when toddler pushes on flat screen tv
good for mush for small things like banana , it's easy to make food mush but i don't really use day to day .
my daughter just love it . she can sleep in too ! ! ! oh ... great price too ! ! ! absolutely recommend it .
my son loves the feel of the sateen sheet , he falls asleep rubbing them . i would like to order more soon .
i wash these in the regular hot wash , and after 8 months they are still doing very well . the price is great too . highly recommend .
good teething rings , but they are too big for our kiddo to put into her mouth to suck on . we like traditional rings better .
not tried yet . hope baby will like it and useful to mash food.looks like good . gd gd gd gd
if you are a cloth diapering parent , this bag is essential . we love it , and it holds up well , wash after wash .
i've tried hard to secure this mirror onto my car seat but it continues to move around . i wouldn't recommend this mirror .
these are more of a " dry-like " wipe but work perfectly for cleaning any toys or anything in the babies room .
bought this to keep my pacifier spitter from spitting his paci out on the ground in public places ! love the chevron pattern !
kid loves playing with this in the tub . he is young but can grab it and swing it around quite a bit , perfect for the bathtub !
so glad they included the adapter , no more batteries . many options . well made . love the little lamb theme . easy to put together .
i currently use gerber's prefold cloth diapers and this cover works very well with them . i have a couple more with different prints . highly recommended .
i have had these over a year now and i love them ! wish they made them in bigger sizes though ! !
my son can easily climb or topple over these foam pads . they are about half the size they appear to be in the photos .
keeps baby warm and he loves it way more than the traditional tub we started with . helps with gas pains too .
we use them in gdiapers and to double up for nighttime in bum genius . highly recommend !
it works great , and i live that the formula can be premeasured and kept right with the bottle . i use it every day :)
comes in handy but just wish it warmed up quicker .. its really slow . i usually give up and its still only room temperature .
its so roomy yet not freakishly big ! just as shown in the picture the colors is pretty and vibrant , cute and handy :)
i thought it was designed to lay flat over the crib sheet but thr instructions indicate it should go under .
after a few turns of the lid there is a slight leak , but over all great ! great for kids learning how to use real cups
absolutely my favorite baby doll ! ! it is just adorable . this baby has pink cheeks and a love able face . very happy with this sweet pea .
i like it but my 9 month old took some convincingit smells like cake batterit is a nice size ... not small
these are soft enough and have a good fit for a os diaper . i keep these in my diaper bag as a spare .
this is a good bottle brush . we've had many and i think this one is just as good as any we've had .
la calidad de la tela es increible y el color tambien . no han cambiando en ningun sentido con el uso . combina excatamente con las tonalidades del corral .
just what your baby needs to have fun at bathtime , help you interact easily good size , everybody haves fun ! ! get them ! ! !
this bundleme bag fits very well , is super soft and washes up well . i would definitely recommend this / buy it again .
i love this . light weight , easy to clean . i bought this so i would have a clean surface to change my grandbaby .
great fun ! ! ! by far , my granddaughter's favorite place to hang out .
we bought a set for the bathtub , and one for the playroom and my little girl really gets a lot of enjoyment out of these .
love these sheets - they are a little big for our co-sleeper , but still fit and are great colors ! and they work for girl or boy !
nice changing pad ! still using it to change my son and it's nice to know he's laying down on something soft .
can't beat the prices for 13 pieces ! when it arrived the colors were more vibrant then online and matched our nursery walls perfectly . the set is beautiful !
perfect fit for summer infant contoured changing pad . straps of changing pad fit through openings of cover . soft green color . washes beautifully . i recommend .
my kids wanted to sit on the toilet quickly , but of course , were too small . these seats are great for potty trainers or small kids .
very functional , easy to clean . might be a little small if you have a lot of bottle accessories and pacifiers .
the roll-up design with the suction cup is nice and convenient especially to roll up and down the window as needed but the shade coverage is limitted .
these are some of my least favorite from any brand i've tried . they leak for me . won't be ordering again . :(
does not clearly show ounce marks . i don't know why they wouldn't make the holes to line up with the ounce marks on the bottle .
i used these latches for a couple of drawers in my house . they aren't too difficult to open but difficult enough to keep the baby out .
these are too expensive for what you get . i got two bottles for almost that same price at my local pharmacy . this is a rip off .
one more practical and well done product . small and simple to be carried to everywhere . could be lighter and smaller .
fits the crib perfectly . nice quilting but could be improved making it a little thicker . overall , we are happy with it .
great sheets for a low price ! i love that the fabric is very thin so it's not too hot for my son to sleep on .
i love this hoppy and cover . it's great for a boy or a girl . just wished my little monkey man would've used hoppy s more .
they are a large size and are much easier to change rather then the crib sheet each time . very nice , hold their shape after washing and drying .
solid product . moniters work well . not " perfect " ... like any other moniter . but , very happy .
got these for baby but i enjoyed them too ! fun to stack . we would stack and baby would knock them over and giggle !
this bag is gorgeous . our daughter loves it . i has many compartments and cleans up nicely as well . would def . buy again .
horrible spoons not for soups or cereal maybe just for baby food with a big mouth baby they are wide
very rubbery . not as big as it looks in the picture on amazon ( which is a good thing ) . my granddaughter loves it .
everything it says it is , nice soft cotton , zipper never failed on us . kid fell asleep comfortably , money well spent .
great ! i had used them for a year and a half and just bought more for next baby , they work great !
great for travel to prevent huge messes on the go and helps with transitioning baby from milk to solids . great ! !
great option for covering your outlets from little fingers . easy to use and store away . adjust to different lengths by pressing the buttons .
these worked great for me until my son was about 2 months . after that you really need to do the real swaddle .
my daughter looks at this book everyday she loves see pictures of her family and friends . holds well together and very spacious for pictures
there were plenty of strips and supplies for me to do my belly . easy to use with someone's help . would recommend .
very good for my baby ! it's easy and helpful.but can not clean easily.last i think it was a little expensive but helpful .
i hate this swing . it is noisy and doesn't stay firmly put on the ground . i hate this swing . dammit .
our kids love it , it is a crazy situation with it they love the monkey pacifier . good product and beatiful desing
they work okay and smell good ; however they dry out fast . it's nice to keep these wipes around the house though .
fun for the bath . be careful to get all the water out after each play , or it will slime and mold on the inside .
my son loves to play with these in or out of the tub . easy for babies to turn over when they are perfecting their pincer grasp .
my daughter ( who's still being breastfed ) loved them from the first day ! the best option to transition from breast to bottle .
i bought 2 to switch out for cloth diapering and bought a stainless steel garbage can with foot pedal at target . they work great together .
these are just as good as gerber , and i've had them a year now , and they still work great and i run them through the dishwasher frequently .
love this bathtub organizer . the track was a little tricky to line up , but has never fallen apart since we put it together a few months ago .
this cover fit well on our boppy pillow and is a cute unisex design . cotton material is soft and cool enough to use in warm weather .
i like the design and fit of this cover . it is so cute and the velcro makes changes go quickly
this is the best sippie cup brush cleaner ever ! you can get in the small crevices on the sippie cup lid and i just love it
one of the best products on the market . if you are nursing and using bottle during work hours , you may want to buy wide opening bottles .
the smell last very little and i am concerned every time my baby may be chewing this ... so i don't know .
searched high and low for a great teether and this is not it . its just like the rest of them , nothing out of the ordinary .
we love so pie , she is so cute . my baby loves to chew chew chew on her and she is so sweet
some people may like these avent bottles , but i don't care for them . i prefer the classic avent bottles and so does my son .
i returned a cheaper snuggle nest which was really cheap in construction but this is so far looking good . i plan to use it for in-room sleeping
little one is just over a year , and so far so good ! the mattress is a tight fit , but that's normal .
i bought two . threw them both away after cutting the pacifier off . so i got a pacifier for 12 bucks
i use these several times a day and have for a few months and they haven't broken yet . perfectly designed for their purpose !
this hooks are absolutely perfect ! they will hang your purse or your shopping bags throughout the mall - so glad i purchased them along with my jeep stroller !
good product , as described . we have been happy with all of the boon products that we have tried . we recommend this set .
they are nice and compact and are air tight . great for carrying snacks and small meals . fit nicely in our diaper bag .
it so cool , the fabric is excelent because it waterproof and looks amazing .
these are fantastic nail scissors . completely safe , as long as you're careful enough with them . very good for cutting baby nails . can't recommend enough .
this is a great potty seat for my twin toddler girls . it's simple , comfortable , and easy to clean . no messes at all .
i don't know if this applies to all babies , but all the ones i know love mirrors , so this was and is a great toy !
we love the size and quality . we think fits great in our room so she can be right next to us ! we think it is sturdy too !
this product came on time and the colors are great . but it doesn't stay stuck on the tile in the tub well at all
like it ! as others have mentioned , color is a little dull , but it's very handy and adorable ! i'd buy it again !
love these ! the double gusset makes all of the difference and i have rarely had a problem with leaking . so much better than disposable diapers !
get by the icky-factor because this product is awesome ! works more effectively than any other method . easy clean up and quick !
easy to get on and take off , zipper does not stick . i also love the print ! my favorite cover by far .
maybe mine was defective but my child unraveled it due to the loose velcro . seems like a dangerous suffocation hazard . i returned it after one use .
my parents bought this for my baby and my nieces have been using it unitl time for my baby to use it and they love it !
great bowls to have in your diaper bag for snacks . even though they are disposable they still hold up to many washes .
we loved this toy when we got it . great addition to our lamaze developmental toy collection . it squeaks , crinkles and plays music .
i love this toy . i've used it for my 2 girls and so far there is no show of wear ! love it ! !
i don't know what else to say except these are very simply , but genius . i recommend to anyone with a young child !
so much better than the bulb type . this is uper easy to use and you can tell when you've cleared your baby's nostril .
i love it . i will be purchasing a lot of my new grandson's clothing needs and other items for him as well . i do recommend .
baby loves the taste and really enjoys chewing on my finger with the finger brush .
my daughter loves her " wubby " . we use it in the car and tuck it into her straps , no lost binky !
i'm so grateful for this product . it keeps my mind at ease knowing my baby is safe and comfortable . definitely will be buying more .
no complaints . it works well and keeps my knees off the hard tile . it is definitely thick and does the job of making bathtime easier .
these cute with plastic bath toys were a hit with my grandchildren . they also love to suck on them in their bath .
i love it but it says that cames two and came just one , should be two , its a shame if not will be fine .
this is a great product , super soft , exactly the right size for any pad . love love it . thank you so much !
we had the smaller size for our newborn and are now on to the larger size . the material is soft and comfortable . and who doesn't like elephants ?
any wubbanub ive every bought was an instant hit . i buy them for baby showers now the mamas love them !
this is exactly what i needed for my daughter's crib over the winter . cozy warm and fits the mattress snugly !
i really like these bibs ! they are really big and helped us a lot with our baby's first feeding . they are the biggest ones that i found .
these are the best teethers we've found . they are grippy and easy for our 5 month old to hold without dropping
super cute and steardy . great for when i am going out on my strollers ... i do not leave it on her though when not attended .
my baby just loves hiding and finding the bone :-) great activity book . it is not very sturdy to washing , frequently , though .
i really liked these , until one broke after 3 months . i do not recommend , because they do not stand up to normal use .
we ( my wife especially ) love this pillow . it's firm and soft and she cannot imagine feeding our baby without it .
love this crib , my statement above says it all . light , beautiful color , easy to put together and not bulky like other cribs . great price too
unable to use it because it doesn't fit my toilet . it just flops around in there and i can't put the seat over it either .
works great if you follow the directions . my husbands not so good at that so the results weren't always consistent , but is never had a problem :)
these mesh teethers are absolutely perfection for small grabby hands . they were a hit with my son , and now my daughter loves them just as much !
sent it back . didn't work for me at all . baby couldn't suck milk . not a good product at all . thankful that amazon returns are easy .
very easy to use , just one drop per day , and my daughter seems like it . a must have item for baby daily use .
i really like this lightweight stroller , but i think there are a lot of lightweight strollers that are equivalent . my baby loves the stroller though !
tried some different brands and like these the best . work well and look better than the others . would order again .
dr . brown's bottles came highly recommended to me , they were correct and i am very satisfied with their recommendation and would highly recommend them to others .
my 5/6 month old loves it even though it's a little tall for him . he is average height and weight . love it !
simple but small toy . dog likes to chase it ! ! little disappointed that it's not larger . i think kids will like it though .
my baby loved this wearable blanket . it's so soft ! ! ! and has lasted many many uses . i plan on gifting this to other moms .
love the shovel shape and that it's safe for my son to feed himself . very useful and reasonably priced for dr.brown ' s product .
munchkin mozart magic cube.nice music , interesting concept ( one instrument per side ) . baby ( 7 months old ) loves it . good quality .
this album matches the nursery and the baby book ! it is adorable and soooo durable ! very well made , i highly recommend it !
this is a lovely play gym the music is sweet and he loves the monkey , definitely a good buy
this is a very comfortable carrier and was worth buying ! i would reccomend to any one who is looking for a nice simple carrier
beautiful material , though a bit on the thin side . great size for swaddling baby . shipped promptly .
this is the best bottle drying rack . it is cute , and very versitile . bottles , nipples , snot suckers , whatever , they all fit .
these are great , holds a lot and doesn't move around . much better than the other plastic hooks i bought for the stroller . highly recommended .
we have gotten so many compliments on this item . it's really adorable on our son and we have gotten a lot of use out of it .
we ordered this as a spare / travel pack and play and it doesn't have all of the bells and whistles that others do , but it works great !
these latches are easy to install and work great so far . i highly recommend them . very durable and reliable . good luck .
i think this is over priced . i returned it and bought a much cheaper product that works just the same .
to entertains the baby it's great product ... it attache easily to the stroller and the car seat i love it
very skeptical ... surprised it works ! diaper changing battles are now over ! mommy wins lol :) ) but it's expensive at 36.00 $
boppy pillow with slipcover , lots o dots . i like this boppy pillow i use it as a prop to take baby pictures . it is perfect .
could never get this to stick on the wall , very disapointing . spent a good amount of money on it and was never able to use it .
i am glad that dr . brown's sells pieces to replace bottle parts . besides color this is the same piece as the original bottle .
this is so great and compliments the other skip hop items well . the mirror is like a fun house mirror though ! haha
this quite cute little bib , but really one of the drool catcher types and not a eating bib , just too small .
great little sound machine for the nursery . the nightlight is a great feature for nursing and the projector is cute too .
this is a wonderful keepsake box . it has two chambers inside the box that is very convenient to seperate your children's memories .
the spoon is very soft and good quality , it is my second time buy it and i will by it again in the future .
i love how the hamper folds down , when you need to travel . it goes well with the fisher-price precious planets crib bedding and wall decals .
great for cover the straps of a car seat , stroller , swing or other . it's soft and perfect size for baby .
my daughter uses these for eating and her art work . they have great coverage , easy to clean , and dry in a very short amount of time .
this mattress is firm and at the same time seems very comfortable . it seems like it will last a long time .
i love this kiddopotamus swaddle.my kid does too.except he grew out of the small one in like a month.at 3 months hes already pushing the large one .
unless you have an explosive baby , haven't had luckily any experience in which i have needed to get rid of one yet ...
they love it ! ! our granddaughter would watch it go around and around , she finally managed to reach out and grab it . happy baby ! !
quality item , well-made and colorful . sure to be a hit with my new granddaughter once she arrives and can hold things !
the funnel design of this product is fantastic . the formula dispenses so easily and the compact shape is great for transporting in a diaper bag . highly recommended !
i have had one closet lock for six years and no problems . this one was ripped off within one day =(
i think this is a waste of money . not very useful . there are better ones out there .
this is exactly as it was described ... i love it because the color goes perfectly with the crib ( portable ) i purchased ..
this is perfect . easy to install and easy for an adult to use but keeps our toddler from opening the door . so glad we got this one !
these are comfortable to hold and make it easy to cut my baby's nails without cutting them too short or struggling to hold onto the tiny clippers .
great quality . so soft ! the most important thing is that it keeps the heat especially during these cold months . i am very happy with this product
the colors on this puzzle stacker are muted . my son was not drawn to it at all . not as pictured !
this toy so far seems to be my three month olds favorite . he loves the colours and the noises it makes
i purchased two of these hooks to put on my daughters stroller . its very strong and it doesnt slide around . great product !
i have two of these and wash them frequently and they still look new . they are very soft and look nice too .
much smaller than expected , although i did look at the product dimensions . this product is useless and i returned it .
we use this toothpaste for my toddler . i iike that it doesn't have junk chemicals . he likes it . it lasts quite awhile .
baby's favorite toy ! he absolutely loves chewing on this and i love that it is not plastic ! i wish they made more colors and shapes !
another beautiful angel dear product . this blanket is soft and cuddly , the colors are nice and it's sure to be a favorite for many years .
this product is a good concept but works poorly and is too expensive for what it doesn't do . it does not security hold your kid .
these are the most durable plates that we have found . i like the thickness of them and the size is perfect .
holds the breast shield in place , though the zipper on the bottom can start to hurt if you slouch at all .
has 8 recognizable tunes and easy enough for our 9 month old to figure out . nice silicone-esque edging makes it easy to grip and keeps from sliding .
feels very soft and comfortable for the baby's skin . the animal design is nice and looks good . would recommend it .
it is great so far my 2 year old son could not open it yetand couple of his friends tried it also no successthat is good news for me
these are worthless if you are cloth diapering . the cream or ointment soaks right through . i'm currently looking for a better option .
we use these for her bath all the time . perfect size for whipping her tiny body . i am so glad i purchased these .
this rinses hair nicely and love the rubbery edges so it nearly eliminates all the soapy water in the eyes
our 7 - month old loves this teether . there are a lot of soft areas to chew on . my boy prefers the feet and ears .
it stopped working after 3 days sitting on a shelf . too bulky for a toddler arm , could never get my daughter to use it save your money .
i bought this for my son's room . it looks great and holds a lot of dirty clothes . i would buy this again in a heartbeat .
this is super soft and pretty . the quality is great but it did crush the corners of my changing pad . i switched to a non-fitted sheet .
i ordered the dream on me 3 " graco pack and play mattress . it fits perfectly and super soft . love it .
not the softest sheets in the world . i bought this sheet for the pattern , since it matches the blanket and other items for our newborn .
amazing bottles ! love it ! super resistant and sturdy ! i love medela ! i have all their products ... it made motherhood so much easier .
i bought 2 because you can't just have one of these . they fit nicely and would recommend for the pack and play mattress .
i love using these when making my own baby food . the portions are just the right size so there is a not a lot of wasted food .
product as described . my son loves all the songs that play and would highly recommend . it may be pricey but totally worth it .
this is one of the best baby items we have . hold all bottles and accessories well and takes up minimal counter space . cannot recommend enough .
they work well , are portable , easy to change a roll , easy to use , and have an agreeable-enough scent . what more can i say ?
i use this as sheet saver . get this if you don't want to wash your crib sheet , bassinet sheet or changing pad sheet everyday !
at first i had to play around with them to get them fitted correctly , but pretty easy and self explanatory .
very comforting during my pregnancy and still used today in play forts and floor play ! i don't regret buying this . it helped me with my aching back !
nicely made . excellent for a month or two after birth . very well constructed . with stoller this may be all the basinette a family needs .
we love the colors and i love the imaginative shapes ; all in all a great buy for your toddler for bath time fun .
my 12 month old daughter loves it ! this solves the problem of her always wanting the faucet running . such a neat toy !
this product is genius . easy to install and doesn't harm the banister wood . you do need a drill to install it though .
pills after washes . unfortunately after every washing i had to remove the pilled material before use . that is very inconvenient .
perfect to get the arms reach co-sleeper up to the height of your bed . no issues with quality at all .
i purchased this for my daughters baby shower . she uses it a lot and has it in the nursery . she has a frog theme .
my daughter has loved this mobile since day one and continues to this day to listen to it every night and uses it to soothe herself .
i love it , baby seems to like it . material is lovely and soft and light and airy . definitely recommend to others .
these high chairs are fantastic . safe , sturdy , easy to install and uninstall on chairs . the tray is easy to clean . great purchase !
i really wanted this to work . this did nothing for my son . i am not even sure it is real amber .
works well , but it doesn't really fit will on the target trolleys . i had difficulty with my daughter since she couldn't leave the thing on ... anyways
beautiful natural wood color . the chair is very comfortable and is of a good quality . it fits our baby's room perfectly . great price ! ! !
this is very nice to have but not essential . it does buy me some time around the house though keeping my lo entertained for a good bit .
those plugs are cheap and good plugs . the color is good for white outlets covers . i do recommend buying them .
i hate this tub ! ! ! it leaks everywhere . i do not recommend buying this item
bought 2 of them . one for my handbag and one for stroller . great little savers when you're racing around to find a pacifier .
my baby always smiles and laughs when she looks at this mobile . even though i don't think it's particularly cool-looking , she does , and that counts !
i don't like how the xl fits into the xxl flange . i feel like it doesn't get the best suction & feels awkward .
item was just as described my ds just wouldn't take the rice cereal from the bottle . we have to spoon feed it to him .
i put this in their crib when they are bigger and the risk of sids is over . my older infants love to snuggle their face right into it .
flimsy and no way to secure . my 1yo just kicks at it and moves it at will . maybe i'll find another use for it .
i bought it for my 5 month daughter and she loves it . though it didn't make her favorite toy list , it definitely gets lots of love .
i use it all the time ! our kitchen is so much better organized because of it . i wish i had bought it earlier .
for the uppababy 2011 it doesn't fit properly it's cheap and ugly i'm so mad that i buy it .
very happy with it .. wind up music is lovely . cute ... colors as pictured . i would recommend to anyone .
i am a huge fan of these cloth diapers.they work great and look great . win-win .
my son loves the colors and plays with these .. they work out fine for traveling with small or larger quantities of his food .
works well with dr brown bottles and nipples however falls apart rapidly . had to replace many times . does clean well and is dishwasher safe .
this is small , but the portability of it is amazing . and the fact that u don't have to wind it up . daughter loves it .
we have both sophie teethers now , this one works well for my 5 month old because he can hang on to it a little better .
my daughter is 21 months old and still loves to look at herself in this huge mirror and when she was smaller she loved it too
love this item just the right size and the same oxo quality expected from oxo ! wish thou it could be a little bit more collapsible for storage
so helpful to be able to see the little one . easy to attach with two straps that clip together over the headrest
fed baby first cereal with these spoons . they clean easily and easy to scoop up food from chin . they work great !
i love this little mashing bowl . i'm not sure how often i'll use it , but it works well and gets the job done .
great to have extras around when you need a diaper change when you least expect it . i wash them in the washing machine .
we love these . they are soft , affordable and hold up well with use . we bought another package to have more on hand .
they are just like the brushes that come with the bottles ! they met my expectation ! too bad my daughter won't take dr . brown's ... :)
my daughter has not problems with nipples confusion with these and in my opinion , it is the perfect flow for 6 months and up .
it does not fit and enlogated toliet seat but if you have a round bowel it should work perfectly but not on the longer ones
good supplement to my existing pump supplies . everything included as described . i'll buy again when i need to replace some older parts !
this really should come with the set as it's pretty essential . this is a messy process and this funnel certainly helps
the spout broke after 2 uses . my daughter chewed on it but she is supposed to do that - she is 9 months old ! threw it away .
this item was definitely better quality then the last set i bought for a lost pair . hope they last a lot longer and don't get lost .
i installed this with an infant on the floor and my husband at work - it's perfect . dont get anything else !
awesome ! we travel from japan to us several times a year and this is a life saver !
love this liner . fits my diaper pail perfectly and holds plenty of diapers . cute color , slate ! definitely will use for a long time .
i really like this blanket . i bought two of them ! it's really soft and perfect for a baby's delicate skin .
this company should be ashamed to sell such a hazardous product . any child can remove them from the socket . they are a choking hazard .
cute and names soft sounds . my little boy really likes his crocodile and it keeps him entertained .
i like this booster seat except for the tray coming off too easily - the blue cover and the white tray underneath .
i use this product when my nephew and grandson come over and i really like it . its easy to maintain and i would recommend it
my wife was adamant about getting this bob and is very happy . great product and will get lots of use ! ! ! thanks again for the fast shipping
this is super soft and plush . it fits great around the changing pad - the soft pink is a great color .
this is actually cuter in person than in the picture . it's bigger than i thought it was going to be .
love it , stays put even if my son pulls on it , and well made compared to the cheap store brand kinds .
these are the only burp cloths i would purchase . they are worth the money . they absorb so much more than the normal flimsy ones .
this book is so cute , and it's been fun filling it out with great memories for my son to have someday . i love it !
we needed a monitor to see our son and hear him - this is perfect and we have no complaints .. worth it .. our summer one sucked !
cute , but nothing special , not one of the kids ' favorites . machine washed and dried it and it's looking pretty haggard now .
it's a well made pacifier but my baby was just not interested . my dog loved it tough .
pricey for what it is , but at least it will last and it's not another piece of horrible plastic for your little one to suck on .
the simplicity on baby toys is very important to me . this is simple , safe and fun . i love hearing my son play with it while i'm driving
one of the best purchases i've made . i hang my purse and grocery bags from it . very functional , strong , and makes outings much easier .
it's way cute . it's waaay bulky . people will stare at you while you set it up . it's not compact at all .
it's bright , colorful , busy , and feels fairly durable . i'm pretty sure my infant will take at least a few months to destroy it .
this was a gift and was the type of brush that the person wanted so i am asuming she liked it .
fantastic product , works perfectly ! a must for toddlers and its not in the way for adults to use . i would reccomend this
it is a cheap piece of plastic knob cover that my child removed from the knob in just seconds . waste of money
i keep all my baby girl's food on this , and it takes up half the space it used to take . now i can stay organized !
this cover fold up nicely , provides plenty of padding for the active baby , and is super cute . this is my favorite baby purchase so far !
i love this . i make my own baby food and this tray works great . the frozen cubes pop out so easily . its awesome .
it is ok , but only works with certain kids of pacifiers . it does not work on gum drop brands.the clip doesn't stay closed on most clothing .
they were really nice , good quality , good for babies 9 months , beatyfull color , they are so usefull , a great pack
i was almost impossible to open the chamber to put liquid in , almost broke the dam thing , use an oral syringe
i have been happy with using this to prevent diaper rash but i wouldn't recommend using it to treat diaper rash .
this does the job . it was a bit scratched when i got it in the package , but it wasn't bad . this mirror works out well .
can't beat this seat . versatile . we have two for both kids . i always pop the tray in the dishwasher . would recommend .
this works excellently and a little bigger than i thought but doesn't bother me . does it's jobs and clip real good to stroller etc .
i love bg diapers ! the aplx on the 4.0 is better than the 3.0 and it dries quicker too ! very easy to use , my husbands favorite .
i would buy this again but it does move around a bit in the seat and needs to be readjusted under my toddler sometimes .
used this on top of deck stairs and works well but latch difficult to open and is starting to rust .
these are the only ones our daughter will use . she loves them . they are soft but firm and easy for her to enjoy , even after breast feeding
this princess clock is so adorable to hangin my newest granddaughter's room . shewill be our newest princess . item was receivedon time and worth every penney .
it was an inexpensive brag book , but looked as good as more expensive similar products . i would buy it again .
my grandson absolutely loves this walker ! he tears around the house in it , laughing and squealing and just has the best time .
it's very soft and feels very nice . great price . loving the material . so far it's my favorite changing pad cover .
the item is ok , not as good quiality as charlie banana . they fit ok , i would totally buy again . ok
mimijumi 8 ounce baby bottle , very hungry is a good bottle . it like the breast very much . my baby like it very much .
this is worth every penny - it really helps get the food where you need it to go , minimizing spillage and waste .
i am still using this for my 5 month old and it is holding up well . it's a must for moms .. great product !
it's a gem of a gym . very cute and bright . and it was a money saver , at least $ 20 cheaper than the store
this bag is much better then the other brands i have used . i bought this over a year ago but it really held up well .
these are perfect replacements for my pump . i have the medela pump n style that i got in 2010 new .
this car seat meets every expectation i had . very safe and nice looking as well . would recommend this car seat to all my friends and family .
very easy to assemble and great for an infant and a toddler . easy to handle .
i love that these are the links and the alphabet . plus , they have some rubber on them , which i like .
i return it because it's too small so check the size firstotherwise it's great product but it wasnt big for me
these don't stay put forever but long enough for a quick meal . also , they won't prevent a determined toddler . also , only includes one lid .
nice thick quality , very stretchy , soft fabric . i have a rock star baby pack n play and this fits great .
the trunk of the elephant made it really awkward to keep the pacifier in my son's mouth . he liked his longhorn wubbanub much better .
we've been using this for 6 months and haven't had any issues with leaks . it seems to be working well .
this sheet has been really great , its a nice color , soft jersey and fits really well in our crib mattress .
perfect for the toddler that spills . covers completely and cleans easily in the sink . great value and would recommend totally !
i wanted to love this monitor but the constant ' out of range ' beeping made me send it packing as quick as possible .
my daughter ( 17 weeks old ) loves this item . the colors are perfect for her vision and i put this on anything that hangs .
i've tried many different diaper rash ointments and this one has worked the best as a preventative measure for my two month old .
this one has been the best purchase ever , always in touch with my baby , and he loves the music , arrives on time and very good quality !
these have been wonderful to use for burp cloths for our baby who spits up frequently . they are so absorbent and very good sized .
these stackers are great for measuring out baby powder formula . it's also convenient to carry around when we take the twins out .
cute and gets the job done . i have washed this at least 40 times and it is still liquid proof .
easy to use and stays in place well , although the adhesive isn't as strong as the more expensive brands . keeps restaurant tables clean to eat off of !
this was easy to install and it works great ... i love the modern design and it holds all my son's bath toys perfectly !
we have been very pleased with this monitor . the signal is great . the temperature is fairly accurate . glad we chose this over other pricier options .
my baby hated the swing and prefered bouncers . luck of the draw . maybe the next one will use this thing .
i like 4mom products . they cost a bit more - - - but they are very parent friendly and child friendly . i really like the digital read-out .
great for styling baby's hair , does not really do anything for cradle cap or thicker dandruff . probably because the bristles are really soft .
hudson's favorite toy ! between the blinking lights , music and great handle to hold and suck ... this was perfect !
my baby was never into this . i think she would overheat too quickly in it .
it took me getting used it because then my daughter keeps out because she doesen't like to stay cover , but the design is very good and the quality fabric
my daughter quickly figured out how to open it . it sometimes doesn't lock well . disappointing
cute cups but one of them still manage to leak .. the other is fine so maybe it just my luck would probably look around for more secured cup
our son kept closing his fingers in the door , this did the trick to prevent that until he it tall enough to reach the handles ! !
worth the inexpensive price . cheap product . it does not suction to a lot of things , not even the highchair we have .
my son couldn't use these at all , the milk flows so quickly out of them that he chokes ...
very cute cup that is great for the little ones to get used to drinking out of sippy cups , but it started to leak after a short while ...
good little cover , its cute and serves its purpose . actually it draws attention to the spout , but i think my son would be attracted to anything
these work just as well as the medela brand but were cheaper , even with the shipping . they were shipped quickly too . highly recommended .
nice rattle , awful teether - way too big for little mouths , but most tethers are . not very easy to hold either despite the " o "
these are still hard and also hard to store . i found the dex bibs to be much better .
it sounds like a great idea , but with all the hassle of washing and mounting , you will likely to end up not using it .
you get exactly what you expect to , it is not expensive and really useful . easy to wash , materials are good and ... my kids like it !
this is a great mattress cover for our mini crib . it can fit a mattress depth of up to about 5 inches easily .
our 16 month old started trying to feed himself after 4 tries with this set . i'm ordering another to have as a back up
standard changing table pad came on time , as expected . i wish it came with a cover , instead of just the bare pad .
the infantino flip was one of the best acquisitions we made ​ ​ . is very comfortable for baby and parents . the cost is great .
great hooks , velco straps have enough slack that they should fit most handles . the hooks also spin around for whatever you need .
just the right size for our little one.the bristles are pretty soft.it floats in the tub ... yeah ! study brush
the ju ju be paci pod pacifier holder matches the other products we purchased and it makes it easy to keep up with our granddaughter pacifier .
our youngest daughter used these nuk tops for her babies trainer sippy cup . they are of good quality and price as well .
nice replacement cover , good price . was very happy with this purchase , as i have seen other colors listed for way more money .
i love these wipes for wiping my little one's hands and knowing that i'm not wiping them down with harsh chemicals that he will lick off .
we purchased this piano for my 1 year old daughter . she absolutely loves it . she loves the different sounds it makes and sings along with them .
my daughter tried these and was over the moon for them after having two other children , she just wished she had these ten years ago .
love this product recommended to buy very easy to use.you can hear very well.very good for travel , it very good .
i like this sheet . it fits my graco pack n play perfectly . it's super soft and comfy too . i would buy it again !
receipt of goods to use , very good . recommend to buy friends . but if the price is a bit lower is better .
new parent here . these do not work with our avent bottles . who knew there were slightly different sized nipples . annoying . have to return and replace .
these are really great to have they are soft on baby gum and new teeth , and it does not leak love that .
very disappointed with this product . it is very thin , won't be warm enough for 70 degree room temperature.quality is not very good either .
i use this for my baby's bottles as well as for lightly soiled dishes . it makes dish washing easier on the hands .
these spoons really do work . i loved them when i was starting my son on solids . they turned white if the food was to hot .
great product , really makes diaper changes for both kids easy with everything in one place . love the divided compartments , kept everything sorted !
good quality but more on the expensive side of newborn diapers . holds up in wash . very well made . will not fall apart easily
nifty little gadget ! wish i had had one when my son was growing up . he now appreciates having it with his son !
amazing . soft , perfect size and wash well . fold down small for travel as well or use at home on changing table
thick tiles and easy to clean . shaped them to fit under the play yard and so far ( two months ) have been holding up great !
the product is semi-clear so it looks nice . i like that they are super simple , and not " adult-proof " as well as child-proof .
these are a must-have for any diaper bag . i wanted something easy to travel with and disposable for public diaper changes and these fit the bill .
love the sweet little caterpillar and the jingle from the bells is very soft and gentle . seems to be good quality construction .
i love the bold bright colors of this matt . nice music with lights and crinkle sounds . my son enjoyed this mat for tummy time
this thing is enormous ! ! way too big for my 9 month old to get in her mouth . disappointed !
my 3 month old hates tummy time ... this makes him last a little longer ! great product at a great price ... thanks ! !
this was fun and easy to apply to the wall . it comes off easily if you need to move it . looks great in the nursery .
infant car seats just don't provide as much as head support as i want for my baby . this little gizmo was the perfect addition .
very good stroller and looks cute , as well . there are better ones , but they are much pricier . this is a good value .
essential for a travelling toddler . just the right size , lids fit well , seems to be holding up in the dishwasher after a few weeks of use .
dr . browns has the best products for babies . this is the second set of bottles ive ordered and i love them . fast shipping as well !
my son loves this toy , so many thing to play with an see and the colors are great . multiple toys in one !
this helped me very well when i am breast feeding my sons . all the medela helped me very well with both my sons breast feeding .
my son would just pull these off the table . i did better with the plastic ones that stick .
this pillow is well constructed , but just too large . we have a king mattress and it just took up too much of the space .
my wife ordered these to replace the parts that had started to wear out and they function just as good if not better than the original ones .
i threw this out after just 4 months . it had perpetual mold around the suction cups and didn't even keep the toys in .
my 2 yo niece loves this since it keep her sippy cup close at hand . fits perfectly in her britax boulevard 70cs .
this addition to our boon drying rack helps give us so much more area for drying bottles and pump pieces without taking up more counter space .
i got this for my 4 year old to fit in my small car - 3 car seats across . works great and well worth the money .
good quality product . they are super soft and they fit well . i will be ordering some more of these mittens .
my kid loved it ! he's been playing with it everyday learning the colors and textures.thanks for the quick purchase
the idea of the bib is great & it works but my grandson didn't like it & kept ripping it off .
this stool doesn't slip on our tile floor and is the perfect height ! bright colors add a bit of fun .
its a must buy . but at nine months he doesn't want to be confined . he wants to crawl and pull up on things .
these fit the pack n play perfectly , but there is absolutely no give to these sheets , they are tight ! the price of these can't be beat !
love these for newborns . they are the perfect size and they have a better shape than the hospital provided soothie paci's .
i am kind of disappointed ... this tubeside seat is not as efficient as it seems to be .. not adapted to every kind of bathtubs .
if you have the cups you will need replacement straws if he cups are used as frequently as they are in our house . definitely worth the money .
made for a parent ! this is super easier to fold up and carry - a necessary feature for a parent who is already carrying 10 other items :)
great visibility , you can see your whole baby ! the size and quality of the mirror is the best i have seen .
not my sons ' favorite , but it's still a nice toy . overall though , i think it's a little expensive for what you get .
it's a bottle brush so not much i can say about it . it does its job and i like the suction at the bottom
theres a ton of room on here for your things . its a great little add on .
adorable . keeps food cool . a little small but ok with the use of small sacks , baggies etc . would be cool if the strap were longer .
i liked the idea of this product , but we ended up buying a regular sippy-cup . the silicone inserts close up , so milk doesn't easily come out .
the sheet is great ! i send it o daycare with my little one and fits well - - cute design too ! i bought a few .
perfect for the little guy's bath toys . allows them to dry out and the suctions do stick to the side of the tub ! it's great !
bought this travel wipe warmer for my daughter and her new baby girl . she loves it and takes it everywhere .
i like this changing . it is very small . long enough for a toddler , compact and holds a lot diapers and wipes .
we use this everyday for nap-time bedtime . baby loves to look at the lights and falls asleep to the rainfall . great purchase .
beautiful , compact , very easy to be managed and extremely light to be carried . it will be appreciated by all mums .
fun toy for baby . it is nice and soft . i keep it on the car seat and the baby seems to like it !
these are great if you need to replace the parts or just need a spare pare . they came quickly and in great condition .
clear instructions , extra clay , added ribbons . everything makes the kit complete . not too pricey compared to some other similar products .
i believe no baby likes this procedure , but nosefrida makes it fast , easy and absolutely not invasive . this item is a must , especially for infants .
worked as needed . the contour can be a bit difficult if you use bottles of multipe sizes . overall it's ok .
i have a friend who decided she is going to cloth diaper her little one and this cloth diaper couldn't be more adorable :)
these are sturdy sippy cups , but with the way they are designed , it's impossible for my toddlers to get the last bit of milk out .
good swing . product easy to assemble . my baby just doesn't prefer a swing . he would rather have a bouncer any day .
just love everything about this duck , it does help kids to go potty on their own specially the music it makes while peeing
this sheet is great , i ordered it for my daughters crib and it is so soft and cozy-she loves to sleep on it .
i've had these with all 3 of my kids and love them . also have given them as baby shower gifts !
my 9 mo old really " rubs " this on her teeth and gums as if brushing . only 3 teeth so far but this is great !
i use this to keep my water bottle garage opener and a pacifier handy ! doesn't get in the way for the diaper bag .
this bottle is just convenient . the price doesn't seem too bad but my kids like this a lot and wouldn't use any other bottle .
i really liked the design and the texture . we'll see how it behaves with time . . . . .
this is recommended for a short period of the baby's life ... basically the first 6 months . once at the grabbing stage , it's no longer appropriate .
my son loves this cup . he's so excited to have it and drink from it , he doesn't want any other cup .
great little bowls . i like how they are made out of milk cartons . they are the perfect size for what i need them for .
these are very thin , and the neck is very large . not suitable for younger infants , probably best for toddler ages
comfortable pads ( more so than disposable ) , but they leak so i only wear them at home .
perfect size ! ! easy to use ! ! i am so happy i bought this . amazon had the best price as well . a + +
this product isn't the best but it's nice to have a cup holder and a place for my cellphone ! wish it had more room .
i was looking for new sheet for our pack ' n play and this one works well . a little thin but good quality for the price .
baby shower gift . shipped on time . exellant will order again if on wish list . will tell people to shop here .
so convenient . it has all the things you would need for a diaper change on the go . definitely recommend getting this to help out when traveling .
we have the forks as well as spoons . these are great for her age--perfect size grip for her hand and spoon for her mouth . nice quality .
my baby girl loves these and they serve the purpose of protecting her little neck from the car seat straps . recommended .
very sturdy . havent used them yet since they are for a xmas gift but will review again when they are used
up this thing , also didn't open it . but see the spoon is very beautiful , do not contain bpa things just rest assured
my baby likes it . he's only 4 months right now so i think maybe as he gets older he will be more interested .
this is great for on-the-go ! keep in mind that taller bottles won't do as well but it's still a nice travel option .
hasn't been used yet , i think the concept is a good one . helps keep the original shape of the bottles .
this is a sturdy , adorable , well working lamp . it's a little larger than i expected which was a nice surprise . definitely worth the price .
we bought this for our aprica presto and it fits perfectly . it also folds relatively flat , if you need it to .
exactly what i wanted for my nieces baby shower ! shipped quickly and this is very cute ! will shope again someday .
this is great for the car seat . it immediately caught my 6 week old's eye . it's easy to attach / detach and great for her developmentally !
super cute , very gender neutral . we are using it for our daughter but could use it for a boy as well . good quality !
these towels ends and corners tended to fray quickly after multiple , multiple washes . oh well only used for 3-4 months anyway .
great learning toy . keeps my grandson happy when doing tummy time or even just sitting and playing . he likes the variety the different balls offer
nice for a cheap and simple toy for little babies . my baby likes it , but is not that excited by it .
grandson loved this so much he had to have it everywhere he went . fortunatley it was small enough it fit well in bag .
love this cute all star boppy pillow . great for feeding baby and tummy time ! very happy with our boppy pillow .
same kind of valves as originally came with my pump . and i've seen reviews where they didn't come in the actual packaging , mine did .
great spoons . a bit expensive , but worth the price for a smooth high quality silicone spoon that doesnt have any seams or creases .
it's a bit wierd at the corners ... i feel that it isnt big enough , and the crib is usa standard . otherwise , great ! :)
i love this item ! i use this on my new baby girl almost every morning and it is much more effective than the bulb .
easy to install and looks good . we use this product at home and take it with us when we travel as well .
perfect for my 19mo , it is not big for school supplies but big enough to pretend to be a pre-schooler .
came quickly as expected , quality as expected also ! quality is great and fits perfectly on the portable crib's mattress . a must have .
i have had this in my son's diaper pail , a cheap plastic trash can with a flip lid for over a 1.5 years .
great item , fits my bob stroller nicelly , and keeps all the mosquitos and other bugs away from my baby . love it !
we ordered two of them for our twins and they seem to find the seats very comfortable . they fall asleep during the car rides home and to grandmas .
it is a great product , i love it ! the colors are lovely , and it is very practical . easy to put together .
i have been well satisfied using this product with my daughter , now over a year . it's pretty standard and was good quality for the price .
i'm not sure why it's so hard to find bassinet sheets like this . these are super soft and fit our bassinet mattress perfect .
cute and functional . it does it's job . very well made . holds my son's diapers , wipes , snacks and sippy cup . i recommend this bag .
perfect for my son to feed himself . the fork especially is nice because he can't really hurt his mouth easily with it . i've bought several sets !
ok these are cute and all but i really could have kicked myself because they are not worth what i paid .
my son loooooves this - he could stare at it for hours and smile at it :) finally i could do stuff ! definitely worth the money !
our daughter loves freddie the firefly ! his crunchy wings and all the little knots are great entertainment for our baby .
this jumperoo has been a saving grace in my household ! my son lived in it day after day . my daughter also loves it . highly recommend !
product works quite well with most bottles and accessories . it is easy to wash and store . i would definitely recommend it .
i expected it to be a bit better for the price . it works good though . pretty clear picture and clear sound for sure .
these hurt the upper lip of my baby . we went back to the round shaped green shoothie which are by no means a breathing danger .
love the versatility of this item . bottle brush one end , nipple brush the other end ! and suction cup keeps things from getting gross
these are the perfect size for kids 12 months and up . my son can hold them and attempt to feed himself . i really like these .
10 month old loves it , she won't put it down . it is a good price and worth every penny try it out
baby really likes them . i like they have the holder unlike mams so i can easy put the holder for them and baby doesn't lose them .
very soft skin contact and good quality of absorption of the fabric . if you like dr . seuss would recommend them !
this didn't fit our toilet unfortunately . we had to return it and find another product . not sure if it would have held up to my son's strength anyhow
great for summer babies - my baby was sweating in his other flannel-type swaddle blanket , but these are much more breathable .
love these . i wish i had more . they wash up great and stay looking brand new . i use them under the baby during diaper changes .
i looked at all stores and didn't find anything as nice as the cotton used in this cover . it is soft and i love it .
i liked these a lot but my daycare had a hard time with them so i ended up having to switch to pocket diapers .
last year i got some and i lost many of them so i just purchase againwe love this brand , ihave bottles , and my beast pum too .
these sheets are so soft and wash wonderfully . i love having something cozy to lay my son on now that it's getting cold at night .
using it for baby # 2 now . has held up over time , stuff fits in it , can separate into two parts even . great design .
these bibs have a unique and easy clasp to close bibs with . they are soft plastic and comfortable for babies and toddlers .
the poke a dots and the color is so soft and fits nice . wash up nice color is a soft color .
i spent 164.99 dollars to buy , soon the price , cheap $ 10.but it is very good still . i believe that will be useful
goes on easy , comes off easy , and cleans up easy . baby's clothes stay clean during mealtime , and it's a good purchase .
i like these better than any other nipple brush ! i've been using one everyday for 2 months and its still in great shape !
i love booginhead products .. thanks for making something to use on any paci ! i also used this to decorate a diaper cake !
good material and very easy to use ; fits easily in ( most ) dishwashers . does not take a lot of cupboard space either .
this was purchased as a gift and the person who received it loves it for her new baby . it is very interactive .
baby loved it , baby number two will love it , it attaches to the crib and stands on its own . image does not hurt my eyes
this works great in our childs bath and is pretty accurate . it also acts as a fun bath toy ! love it
i love these snappis . this is a much better choice than old style pins . they work great with my prefolds .
works excellently . love that you can use both the container and the lid to hold breast milk storage bags very easy and simple system loved it !
this sheet is good quality and was a good price . it goes perfectly with the dream on me crib and mattress .
good quality , my baby has enjoyed his milk with the medela bottle until he has to move to the bigger size . now we use it for water .
these work awesomingly with evenflo bottles so much better than the medela ones . seals well and fits tightly . super good ! recommend for sure !
holds adult weight . terrific value . we purchased organic mattresses to go along with it . it matches the davinici mini crib .
not sure what we would do without them . the store bought pacifiers just do not cut it with him , he loves these ones though .
we use this to make our daughter baby food and it could not be easier . we've cooked all sorts of fruit and vegetable foods for her .
very good quality ! i don't have any complaints although i'm not sure how strong it would be for an older child who might tug on it .
i use it for mashing baby food . i have to be careful i check the food for chunks and double mash it for my younger baby .
durable , easy to put on , easy to clean . i use it on a daily basis when i breastfeed my baby in public .
we used these in the hospital for our newborn . he doesnt use them now because he loves his hands for comfort but they are very well made
very soft and good quality cover . it's is one of my favorites of all the boppy covers i have gotten for my 2 kids .
i am all for safety when it comes to my kids and family . this is a good deal and you can buy some for grandparents too !
these liners are much better then the bags : it is easy to use , and save lots of time on cleaning bottles !
i own like 10 of these , they are great for anything and everything . with two kids these are a life saver .
i loved these ! so useful . we used these everyday . my daughter loved the food from it . i think its excellent
this is exactly what we needed for toy storage in the tub . have been using it for over a year now , no complaints .
only complaint is that the strap between between the legs is to short but it is the very best car seat i have ever owned by far !
my son likes both of them very much , especially the soft one . he likes to kiss them or bite them .
very good quality , soft cotton . comfy for babies . unzips from bottom up , which allows for easier diaper change . love it .
the mirror is soft and bendy , so gives a distorted reflection which makes me dizzy . i wouldn't recommend it . .
very flimsey though ... doesn't really secure to the chair very well and the baby can flip it off easily . :( - -
very good for keeping your little ones warm and not have to worry about them pulling covers over their little cute heads ! :-)
i love these sheets because they are a thick and durable material . they fit on a standard pack-n-play too which is nice . definitely worth the price .
good price , nice and cool . perfect for a nursing mothers in the summer when things get especially sweaty ! and for on the go .
this blanket is wonderful , i've already purchased a couple of these . they are soft and breathable and great for the mild but changing florida weather .
these covers work great and they are affordable.it is easy to use and stops leaks better than sposies . love them !
i loved the cover feel and its color ! match my nursery and my son loves the way it feels : )
i love this . it's fun and will last a long time . will become a tradition with bathtime .
the price and product are amazing . very sturdy and the mesh pockets are awesome for baby's smaller items like hats , socks , and mittens .
easy clean up for food or painting projects with my toddler . i've had it for a few years now and still holding up .
these are very thin and i got them for my newborn son but they were too big and kept slipping off .
it is a good product in general but i wish it comes with wheels for easier transport around the airport .
very nice sheet for the price . it is soft and still looks brand new after several months of washings . would definitley buy again !
i lost all of the original disk for my dr . brown's bottles . i knew exactly what they did before i purchase . nothing to critique .
i did not see anywhere that they were only for that brand of bottle until i got them in the mail . it's surely written all over the packaging .
this bib goes 320 degrees around baby , protects better than any bib i have ever seen . looks weird , like a cape at a haircut salon .
like other people said it had a smell when i got it , but it went away quickly . it sticks great and covers most of the tub .
i bought one for my son's room and we love it so much i bought one for my niece who is expecting .
the order came fast and the nipple worked great . our baby is a healthy eater and this nipple lets him eat at the pace he likes
i thought this would also cover the back of the seat , i guess i didn't read carefully enough because it only covers the bottom part .
my baby clothes need to be washed separate from my husband and i so this works great . love the cute style love it .
bpa free and works - like it much better than traditional kind . buying again for our next kid - that satisfied .
i love that this is made out of a stronger plastic and holds my daughters snacks in better . plus , it's cute ! she loves it !
got these to replace some very leaky playtex sippy cups and i was not disappointed . just wish they were a little larger .
another great toy that babies can get ahold of easily . it is very durable also . very bright colors for the little ones to look at .
this is a cute little spoon set . my daughter has already chewed the black dots off the eyes but for the price it's fine .
very nice washcloths and soft . perfect your for babies delicate skin . plus have to like the different colors . great for boys or girls .
we got these bottles as transitions from a bottle to a sippy cup . daughter loved them and used with or without handles . perfect !
philips avent bpa free soothie pacifier , green , 3 + months , 6 pack . three sets of two pacifiers , 6 green soothies total .
we love these disposable bibs ! they are so convenient for travel or when you are out and about . just throw it away when you're done !
the bed is beautiful but has scratches aand gouges on one side . thank goodness is is the side facing the wall . if possible , buy in person ...
our daughter loves these cups . won't drink out of anything else ! easy to clean in dishwasher and put back together .
these are the cutest dishes i've ever seen . i can't wait until my daughter is a bit older so she can use them !
smaller than i'd originally thought . however , it is cute and the little rattle is subtle . can't imagine it getting annoying ( hopefully ) .
best thing ever for infants ! easy to find and rarely lose . plus it's cute . like the giraffe the best because it's easiest to find in nighttime .
this makes keeping your pacifiers clean easy . you don't have to waste plastic baggies like i was doing before . you always know where the pacifier is .
although i bought , is very good , but with the bottles i bought doesn't fit ， i think i need to buy the right
it was so disgusting and messy ... and horrible to clean i should not have bought this and would never recommend it .
it works pretty well . it's comfortable for the baby and covers almost everything . food still manages to find it's way down the neck though .
full sized bag for the a standard trash can . love it . fits really well and contains the smell and mess .
great sleeper . love the zipper for ease of use and the material is light weight so no worries about over heating . great price .
i thought it was neat looking but neither of my girls ( baby and toddler ) were really interested in playing with it .
this bumper does exactly what it is supposed to do ... protects baby's little noggin . just be prepared for the not-so-beautiful result .
i love grovia diapers and this pattern is adorable . it looks so cute on my son and does such a great job .
i love this product and so does my 4 month old . my mind is at ease knowing i don't have to worry about harmful chemicals .
really like the leg idea for the car seat .. the fabric of this is pretty stiff so i didn't like that about it other then that it was great
we've got a few of them , they're great for attaching toys and sippy cups to the stroller . my daughter to just play with them too .
love it , fits perfect , warm , soft , easy to install . i would buy it again if needed .
for everyone who has ever tried to give a toddler an adult sized popsicle ;) we fill them with leftover smoothies !
perfect and sturdy and holds just the right amount of wipes . if i could i would even make it slightly bigger ! lol
clean up is easy , and the kiddos love to find treats in their bib when they look down . it's like second breakfast .
the basic covers did not cut it . they are tough to remove , but that is the point . we feel much safer .
great for stroller that don't have adapters for infant car seats . keeps my little one nice and snug . and best part , machine washable .
great feeling fabric and a great addition to the decor in our baby girls room . fits the changing pad perfectly !
i have not used this product yet , but i love the stylish look and the flexible container . can't wait to put them in use soon !
i take my son to bloomingdales almost every night on the 7th floor so he can walk around . i use this so i don't have to catch him .
shopping bag ties it all together and the fruits are adorable crinkle and milk container has a mirror fun times
also it really is spill proof ( unless your 9 month old place with the nipple by squeezing and bending it whilst they have it upside down ... )
this was easy to use and worked great . i def recommend avent to everyone . this also fit my medela bottles and pump accessories as well .
this is the second one of these potty seats that i have purchased . we now have them in 2 bathrooms . solid product . very satisfied .
perfect for the warmer months , great size , and very cute prints ! the material is very soft . highly recommend these blankets !
when you need to pack bottles for travel these are perfect and definitely serve their purpose . no leaking . very pleased .
very funny toy . my son 3 months old likes it . good classical music and colorful blinking lamp makes my son stop crying
this fits perfectly on grocery carts and i love knowing my daughter is not putting her hands and mouth on the bar !
i bought this for my sons daycare becasue they are frequently serbing cold food . only problem is it doesn't stick well
i try 4 different types of bottles , and medela is the only my baby loves and wants , is soft for his mouth
not as expected . its just a bag . doesnt keep smells in . a plastic grocery bag would have worked just as well .
great idea , wish i would have had with my first child but never the less i am glad that i found it for my second :)
this pillow has been such a blessing allowing me to sleep soundly many of nights since i got it.must have by 30 weeks
i was wary of the price and my procrastination for making it what it should be ... it's totally beautiful ! i bought the girl one as well !
can use this in the crib / play pen and on the floor - - seems to like opening & closing the door the best !
these were the only teether my daughter would take ! we plan to buy more for my son ! handy and easy to carry around !
these work great . i like the lid so the snacks don't get stale . easy to use , easy to clean . no complaints here !
for some reason babies r us only carries the gray version here , and our carseat is black .. as i thought most models were .
so the food gets all frosty . i use three rubber bands to keep it on better and it works well enough .
perfect as a first dish to both feed baby from , and also to put tiny pieces into for the baby to help themselves to .
i love how easy this is to use and that it can be used in may different ways . nice color and very comfortable .
these are very soft on baby . they are also extra big for baby . normal baby cloths are too small . these are perfect .
love this boppy cover . it is nice and soft , very comfortable for my daughter . the color green is bright but still nice .
this sheet washes and dries well in the dryer . no issues with the item . our daughter sleeps on this just fine .
i am very happy with this mattress . it's firm , but not too firm , and is a reasonable price . recommended .
love this sippy cup . so cool , different and easy to carry by a toddler . the colors are bright and it is easy to clean .
we love this bottle it is easy for our daughter to drink out of and easy to keep clean ! !
this is a nice baby and booster seat in one . i took off toy attachment because it got in the way .
the plastic , like all of the medela breastshields is hard and rather uncomfortable . but the size is a little bit better for me .
the mattress fits the crib well and everything seems in order . we will update the post if anything goes wrong with it once it is used .
don't buy this . it's not safe , can cut your seatbelt , and kill your child.you need to get a good install without this dangerous product .
it must touch the skin in exactly the right spots or it won't work right . it is not worth the money and i returned it .
these forks are decent forks . nothing fancy . the plastic material is soft and easy to chew on . good for toddler hands .
i really like these baby dishes . they are well made , lids fit securely and they are pleasing to the eye .
the clip and the sturdiness of the brest friend pillow works as advertised . i'm glad i purchased this over the leading brands .
this is perfect for the tub , it's simple , cute , and more importantly serves the purpose of keeping the faucet hidden .
they are okay but basic didn't really hit the bullseye with them for our grands but they seem to be holding up .
i bought these to top on a shower gift . they are basically what you expect . they are well made and seem to be durable .
carseat was very bulky and extremely heavy . i did like the fabric quality however i returned it for the combi shuttle 33 carseat
i'm not sure what i'm supposed to review about these , but they are not hideous and hold the toy off the ground . yay .
so soft and cuddly , i send this blanket to daycare every other week , and it has been washed many times ! holds up really well ! !
this cover is soft , durable and so cute . machine washable and even has holes for you pad safety belt . perfect
we use these for all our diaper changes inside and outside the house . they are good quality , easy to wash and catch any nasty spills .
we love these for when we eat out so that our son's food doesn't touch the table and pick up extra germs .
my baby sitter loved these diaper liners ! i need to get some more as well ! great for diaper changes in cloth !
babies love to make noise and this is one thing that they will appreciate as an infant and toddler not too much can be said about this .
air gets trapped and the bottle caves in . would not recommend these . good concept but doesn't really work well . waste of money .
i bought this for our 2010 city mini stroller . it fits really well and we couldn't be happier with it .
simple and straightforward , no-frills night vision camera . portable and great for taking to grandpa's .
great for their teeth but it still leaks some when they flip it over and shake it but i have yet to find one that doesn't .
works just fine . it flops around a bit , but readjusts easily . i don't have to adjust often . love being able to see baby !
these are great for the car and also good for toting snacks like fruit chunks or dried snacks . i would buy them again .
i love that our son has taken so well with these . they are sturdy and the spoons help to scrape the edges because of their shape .
these nipples are well made and do exactly what they should . avent is a stellar brand that i have purchased time and time again .
awesome sheet ! great theme for my son's room and it's good quality cotton .
fits great ! ! don't bother with the american baby jersey fitted sheet - it's too small for an 18x36x2 .
these are the best price on disposable diaper sacks that i've seen anywhere online or in stores . they work great for what they are supposed to do .
perfect to add to our daughters bathtub toy collection ! great price . we even got a caddy net to hold them all !
these work well and are easy to clean . the velcro allows room for adjustment and it seems be comfortable for her .
this stool is very sturdy and works pretty well . i would recommend this product for anyone looking for a stool in potty training or hand washing .
this mattress is just as advertised . it is a little hard but put the mattress pad on and it will be perfect !
this is a great product however , it also depends on the height of the chair . it is not universal fitting ...
this does what it needs to do . it's a bit ugly , but keeps our daughter from playing with the plugs . we ordered another one already .
this does the job well . however , you must purchase stronger double sided tape . i recommend installing it when no little yes are watching .
all you need to know is that this bra is adjustable ! ! ! this is a huge benefit and i highly recommend this product .
screws are soft as butter.plastic door release is not engineered properly ... poor quality and poor construction.price is same if you purchased from babiesrus
i love this rinser , makes bath time a lot easier and makes a nice toy too . even works great to rinse the dogs .
it is neutral enough for a daddy to use it too . the compartments are great and the plastic diaper pad is very good quality .
these bowls only stay suctioned down for a few minutes . i prefer the first years meal mates bowls . they stay suctioned indefinitely .
good quality fabric . i have been using it for over a year and it looks as if new . totally worth it
i have a crib where the ends aren't slatted . sort of a sleigh crib.it was still a perfect fit and easy to apply . it looks good too .
this is a perfect mirror for our cars . it is nice and big and you can see her nice and clear from the rearview mirror .
my baby loves this , it's super comfy , though somewhat bulky . i don't bring it in every time . i like that the pillows are removable .
we hang these in the bathroom and put cloth diapers in them before bath and when we put my son on the potty . it's the perfect size !
really nice and soft cover - it fits my la baby 32 inch pad perfectly ( even has the slits for the straps to come through )
so soft but as with all of the a & a products if velcro touches this is is ruined . so never wash with swaddlers !
at first i was bummed about it not fitting my oven , but then i tried it for my dishwasher ... it works great ! !
so big , haha , this is a good brush , i have not used it , but i believe this born free bush is good
the product arrived and i was pleasantly surprised that it was a much lighter baby blue . fits as expected on the deluxe pillow .
this was much larger than expected and it adds such a wonderful look to my son's playroom . it comfortably holds all his stuffed toys with room to spare .
i guess it's more my fault for not reading the dimensions before buying , but this was much smaller than it looks in the pictures .
we love this bib . it catches all the messes that would otherwise fall on the high chair and makes cleaning so much easier .
this was very convenient to have when i wasn't sure if the water was too hot for our little one .
it's been about 3 months and we are happy with the mattress so far . we hope it lasts as long as we need it .
accommodates variety of baby feeding equipment , glass too . easy to use & clean . i recommend this over the couple of rotating ones we tried .
my lo had no problems going from the breast to the bottle with this product . its good quality and works great .
this is cute product for a children's tub . it is a little pricey for this item , but cute and well made .
maybe it's becouse i was to big when pregnant but this pillow was no help for me , my comforter provided a relieve instead .
good selection of colors and nice to have 6 . long handles and deep bowls . exactly what a baby needs , nothing more and nothing less .
kept getting girl colors ! that's really sad since i liked them . we switched to nuk instead of these because they worked better .
my daughter always wants her elmo fork and spoon . no other will do . durable and holds up in dishwasher . i've ordered 2 sets .
super soft , white and perfect to change my baby on . fits perfect on his pillow top changing pad . love it
good color and cute design . fits my 7 month old with room to spare . i would buy this product again .
cute and super soft - plus they're reversible ! i got green on one side and green with white stripes on the other .
bold contrast , black and white shapes with some foil and some color , words for later , sturdy and all . the kid loves it .
i didn't know these existed until my friend recommended one . i am glad , these are really nice especially in winter . i can't imagine living without it .
this is a good keepsake for your little ones early years . comes with everything you need to do it , as well !
i love to see my daughter in these . when she wears them and posses the pictures look great . it's fun to watch her wear them .
would not waste my money next time . it ripped very easily . there are other brands with better quality . did not like this one .
hard to open and black ink on eyes started to come off when my son put it in his mouth .
these rags are good for a newborn . they aren't the softest but they do a good job and its sold at a reasonable price .
we really love these . they really feel less wet when i change him after overnight , and the price-per-insert is unbeatable !
not much to say , our old one broke , needed a new one for our babycam and it worked like it should
my 3 year old and 6 year old each have one . it really helps them ease their fears of the dark !
replaced by a bizzilion phone apps . would have been awesome in the 90s .
what can i say - these are great bottles that serve many different purposes for breastfeeding and bottle feeding . i'm a fan .
good design and easy to use . i like that the lids screw on . unfortunately we just didn't use these very much .
price was good , quality was good , shipping was fast . i really liked this products , it was perfect for the baby shower i was planning
these are great--they are difficult to remove , which is just what i needed . a little bit difficult to put on but not bad .
it is soft to lie on and fun to look at . love the pattern.quick advice : buy 2 pad covers . you will need it !
the tiny baby ones i had were too small , and these are just perfect for our toddler . quality made and design .
great value ! they easily tear in half to get twice as many . the half size fits perfectly in my bumgenius diapers .
excellent for my kids . nice shape , colors and very usefull.and also they loved it . seems to be comfortable even for them
love knowing that it's all one piece . my baby really likes this pacifier . we tried several different kinds , but she only wanted this one .
i can get in all the nooks and crannies of my baby's straw cups . this is a mommy must have
good price , it was cute . worked well and it looked good in pictures . glad i bought this product , would recommend .
my daughter had an allergic reaction to nuk strawberry banana toothpaste . i found this online . she loves the taste and has no allergic reaction thus far .
this toy is easy for an infant to hold ; however , i have gotten several comments that it looks like a cat toy .
our daughter loves using this chair . it is stable and very easy to clean .
makes the changing pad warmer so the baby doesn't cry when on top of it . easy to wash and dry .
lots of picture slots , my son loves it and the plastic goes down nice and tight so the pictures don't come out of the slots
this thing is awesome . it's touch-screen is easy to navigate and both the camera and monitor can be used cordless . highly suggested .
so easy to use and i feel really comfortable using this in public . this is a must have if you plan to breast feed exclusively
these things are life savers . no more snowy feet on the car seats . bought an extra one just in case .
this works great for the corner of the bathtub ! i like that the toys drip dry and the mesh is stretchy !
this bottle is easy to clean and use for both baby and me . i am very happy with this purchase .
all i can say is it does the job . kind of hard to clean sometimes but it worked for us .
my 18 month old has yet to figure them out . and the clear looks very nice in the kitchen and not very noticeable .
amazing , i love this one.help me a lot to feed my chlid the baby food.strongly recommend it ! love it .
this is a really cute bib . bought it as a gift for someone and hope they like it . seems strong .
the temperature feature didn't work , my daughter slipped all over and she hated it . if baby's not happy , no body's happy .
sometimes it's the simple things that work so well ... this is a perfect example . baby likes it , i like it !
my 3 yr old daughter likes to run off in public spaces and this was the perfect answer . she loves it and never resists putting it on .
for several months , this was the only thing that kept my daughter happy while in the car . more than once it's saved my sanity .
have only used it once so far , but it worked great ! i will use it again the next time we take little miss 6 month old shopping !
this does just what it is advertised to do and is great for our one-year-old to eat on when we are away from home .
this is a well made product and appears to be easy for a little baby's hand to hold and enjoy . very simple and nice .
these leak al the time . i've had to double stuff them to prevent the leaks . my favorites are the bumgenius freetime with velcro fasteners .
i use them for milk storage and i actually freeze my breastmilk in them . they match even ameda breast pump i have so that's very convenient .
cute design , exceptional quality but my kids hated the nipple design . they loved the mam binkies but did not care for the flat nipple at all .
helped my daughter with fear of the tub faucet and the water that rushed out of there . now she just loves it
very calming ! so relaxing for my baby boy ! it is like the baby einstein cd in his hands but with safeness .
these used to be great , but they've changed them so they don't hold up as well and they seem smaller .
ergo is the best on the market ! no one can touch the quality or safety of ergo . wouldn't think of using any other brand .
this pail liner is really cute and keeps the pail clean - we have 2 so when we wash the bag goes in too .
beautiful bag , good quality , very spacious . i'm due in 3 weeks , so i will update my review once i truly ' use ' the bag
great product at an amazing price keeps my son well entertained for long periods of time allows for walking around in circles and building leg strength
when my toddler left the bottle we trade it for this sippy cup and it works perfect . she loves them and they dont spill !
my granddaughter loves this thing ! ! she really enjoys playing in it . it was money well spent . a well made toy for little ones .
there were so easy to install , and they work great . easy to remove and clean if they get dirty too .
good product . gentle with the baby . the only drawback is size . it occupies a big chunk of space . overall i reccomend it .
this is a super nice child's gate . it's very sturdy , does not come loose , and blends in well with our wood staircase .
easy to get frozen food out , easy to clean . i haven't used any other freezer trays to compare ... but i love these !
the sipping nipple is easily pulled through the ring and thus leak . so while it is very cute , it is not a good product .
mi hija lo adora , es ligero y con los huecos que tiene le queda muy facil agarrarlo . vale la pena !
these are great . my granddaughter loves them . i just wish my puppy didn't like them so much . i'm making mam rich .
i ordered this for our first born-the pages are customizable and you can arrange them as you wish . i would definitely order this again .
easy to install works great . the britax products in general are a step above . must have if you are sharing a car seat with your spouse .
my toddler cries every time we use this shampoo . also her dandruff does not go away as i thought it would with this natural shampoo .
the picture frame looks just like the picture . great frame for such a great price ! the perfect gift for my sons god-father .
these bibs are colourful and the velcro is amazing . they are waterproof , easy to clean and are the only bibs that my little one cannot tear off .
this arrived at my house before the shipping notice even hit my e-mail inbox . great quality and works perfectly . at this price order a spare too !
like all the avent products , we love this storage set and our friend lucy ask for this products for her baby shower .
cute in the picture but did not have the lights and noises to keep baby busy enough . ended up purchasing another one . this one was boring .
it might be okay .. have'nt used it yet but looks okay not sure about how it has been sterilized
very nice . i've had this for 2 years and it has saved my son several times from falling into , or standing up and hitting the metal spout .
love this bouncer . it is well built , good quality and the fabric is nice . the toy feature is very cute . definitely recommend it !
we have a bunch of these , they are cheap and allow us to have lots of toys on straps . easy to clean as well .
this does a fine job of keeping the oven door locked . adhesive seems to be solid . nothing to complain about .
this robe is the cutest thing ever . it would make a great gift for pretty much anyone i think . i would highly recommend .
such a sweet blanket . warm , cozy and soft . i use it almost as much as my son . its the perfect size .
my little man has just gotten his first teeth , so of course we needed a baby tooth brush ! this item is awesome .
i even keep one in the diaper bag and in the baskets on the changing table ! great value , last a long time here !
baby loved to chew on suck on this for soothing her teeth . easy to clean . used to brush her teeth easily
love it ! ! 4 stars because it seemed a little smaller than i expected . it's really cute though ! :) i'd buy it again .
we use these on our cloth nappies when we start to get the funk . one packet kicks the stink almost every time . magic .
these work fine but are so rough they irritate my baby's skin ( which is not especially sensitive ) . not my favorites .
i got this to use for my 4 month old congested baby . it got so much snot out ; it's crazy . ear infections averted ! !
the suction is not very strong and the cover of mid size one does not fit well , or rather it does not close at all !
she was interested for first 20 minutes , thats it , i thought that those little things that stick out would grab her attention , but no ...
didn't help my son at all ! kept falling off his ankle , would pinch him , and did nothing for his colic .
these are super soft and very absorbent . they are the only burp clothes i use . i would highly recommend these to anyone having a baby !
it works great . it sticks to the shower wall and holds toys , which is what i need it to do .
i found these very thin and rough . we returned them . just not the right level of softness for a baby .
these are great - - so far :d . the adhesive is strong and the mechanism sturdy . no little one is getting in my fridge or cupboard again :d
my baby boy loved this toy so much it kept him intrigued and i would recommend it babies mine is now 18 months and this is well worth the investment
wipes case with unusual and nice.handpicked too good to use , i love it .. wear on the stroller even think
it's padded well and holds up in the wash well . a little time consuming to put on , but stays put even when pulled on by the babe .
i purchased this shade but find it difficult to stay on . also not as shady as i thought it would be .
i gave it 2 stars because it really is long but the zipper to the fabric broke so we returned it . seemed cheaply made .
bought these for my dil & they r the only kind she will use ; wonderful ; study & nice colors for baby
i bought these to clean the straws from my child's sippy cups . i like them , they work great . i recommend
this seats works well with children who can sit up unassisted . great travel seat .
i had read this was the case , and this is why i ordered it--and everyone was right , it's a perfect fit .
they seem to work just as well a the name brand ones . i will order them again for sure ! :)
good value , but doesn't always stay on the pillow , especially if my toddler has an active night of tossing and turning .
i have bought a few of thermos foogo products , each has met my expectations . really solidly built , and feel the pricing is fair .
never had any other car seat to compare it to , but the fact that it's so lightweight is fantastic . i would buy again .
looks lovely on the crib . very elegant and easy to put on . i haven't washed it yet but will let you know how that goes .
double gusset diapers are awesome . my skinny baby had a hard time fitting in them for a while . but once he did , no leaks !
i got these as my son struggled with stabbing his food with a plastic fork . these are well constructed and fit in his hands .
it was easy to assemble and easy to clean.my baby had so much fun . i love it and she does , too . i recommend this .
es espectacular me fascina el producto , me encanta porque protege al bebe del cinturon es muy suave es tierno y cuando el bebe duerme le soporta la cabecita
awesome deal and great buy ! i love the colors and patterns . most of all i love that the product is under $ 6 .
when it says storage caddy , i assumed there would be more storage . it's more like a basket with a single pocket on the back .
small , soft and cuddly . easy to wash and dries really fast . both of my girls have versions of this toy and love them .
if your breasts are sore , the last thing you want is this thing wrapped around you . just skip it and you warm towels .
my son loves the toothbrush ! however , i wasn't thrilled with some of the toothpaste ingredients so we haven't used it .
this spout cover is great . it was easy to install and is very adorable . made of good material and worth the price .
i wanted so bad for these to work , because they were so cute , but no matter what i tried they leaked out the legs .
sophie is great - loud and fun ! always brings a smile to my childs face ! every baby in america should have a sophie !
keeps coffee cup level , and works great on my b-agile stroller . compact and loads of storage for its size ! a must have !
i would probably make some without holes for arms . the kids also throw arms around and wake themselves up .
these letters are solid and easy to hang . i like them a lot ! i also like the dark brown color .
worth every dollar spent ! easy to assemble ! bought this for my two year old and she loves her new bed !
i love that these plates have three separate compartments . they are easy to clean and easy to use . my son loves the colors on the plates .
works well for my little one and i have used these same pacifiers for both of my other 2 children . would highly recommend ...
easy to use , easy to attach , easy to detach no complicated instructions ! will allow use of bob stroller from infant to toddler .
adorable sleep sack . still fits my 11 month old and probably will for a few months . warm , but not too warm .
the clippers work well . i've never gotten used to using the magnifying glass attached to them . i found it more of a nuisance .
i wanted a container for my son's extra pacifiers . this fit the bill ! i have only had a few days-but i am not disappointed at all !
excellent child proofing system . a little time-consuming to install a handy person with a drill is a must .
these bottles were recommended by our pediatricianthey really do help lessen swallowed air and in turn baby gaswhich helps lessen spit up
i like this bottle brush much more than other types . the shape is perfect for washing a baby bottle and the stand is great !
nothing really special about this dryingmat and i find it pretty small for as many bottles as most people have .
i bought this for my son to have his own blanket with him thought our vacations , it is great easy to fold and convenient for traveling .
they don't sell the medium in stores for some reason . these fit the venti bottles great and go thru the dishwasher well . would buy again .
this serves its purpose , but it's a bit floppier than i would like , which makes it trickier to clean and easier for my child to manipulate .
blocks light well and stays on the window . it's a little difficult to get on without any bubble or streaks , though .
pointless . don't buy . its just velrco . my kid screamed when i put it on and then just tore it off with one hand .
my kids love this set . its easy for little hands to hold and hold up better then plastic so i am a happy mom
i like that the hoop lets me see my baby but the material is not wide enough around the sides . m
my son wore these everyday while he was learning to crawl and walk ... he is now walking and i still use them sometimes .
good quality of the product . the size smaller as i expected . my wife used them on a daily bases for our kid .
good quality , easy to clean , and well-liked by our daughter . level marked on the ring so you don't confuse them with other levels .
my 8 month old loves to splash these during bathtime and they are perfect for rinsing shampoo and soap off of him .
i am very happy with product and would recommend this product for others . great looking product for a good price .
nice shade , pretty easy to apply , but can be ugly if there are air bubbles . doesn't cover whole window .
very fun ... can't wait till christmas day for our grandson to play . i can hear him laughing and ball spin down . very fun and attention keeper !
very cute with pretty pattern . washes well . about the size of 2 diapers . for use in a diaper bag only .
bought the blanket for my baby uses it for a short time coz its smaller than expected . though i like the color and design
lightweight , easy to fold and open up.the canopy does not actually offer any real protection from the sun , but overall i think this is a good buy .
this diaper stacker is a good product , but is smaller in length than the picture shows . overall we are pleased but probably wouldn't buy again .
i'm confused . why would one even need this product ? what's wrong with just shaking the formula in the bottle ? that has always worked for us .
it launders well . who doesn't love that ? fit our mini crib perfectly . quality product at a good price . would recommend .
quite good comparing with the manual one . my wife could be much more easier to make it , especially in the night .
had this product for a while and were very dissatisfied . the only thing you can hear is static . we got now greco and very happy .
these worked great for my daughter , she did have accidents at night time but these were fine for daytime use .
even though i don't use the dr . brown's bottles anymore i use these to clean the straws and little pieces of other sippy cups .
easy to use and a nice keepsake . i used the same one for my son when he was a year old . i'd recommend to anyone with kids .
this is just what you'd expect ! it is soft , the fit is perfect , and the quality is great . i got 2 of them .
i liked the ergo , but the baby hated it . for some reason he just did not feel comfortable in it , so had to return it .
we got two of these for both of our cars . it is that good . you figure . they don't look that nice but good products .
as soon as i took it out of the box , i knew it was a bad purchase.my daughter was still sweating with this liner.it didn't stay put .
wipes my baby bottom well but the ends are starting to loosen after a month . i do wash every 2 days though
the only complaint i have it that i wish it were bigger . works great and is cute but my baby just fits on it .
my 4th month old son likes to chew on this . i think he'll like it for some time to come as he hasn't even started really teething yet .
it has the perfect size to fit in our skip hop diaper bag . works as a dispenser , material is sturdy but easy to open and close .
i wish they got rid of the velcro and just made it more elastic . the velcro can end up scratching baby .
this is a great skirt . it looks awesome with my crib and nursery setting . a little hard to put on with my style of crib though .
this was great it worked really well . i would use it again and again . liked it very much it was really good .
he loves his elmo potty my son always follows me into the bathroom he plays with his potty and starting to learn that he will be using it soon .
i followed other raters ' advice and purchased a size down . 18mos for my slightly small two year old . worked great
this hook is very helpful for holding bags , buckets of popcorn at the zoo , etc . it is a nice addition to our stroller .
perfect , the same as the picture . i love it , really easy and really very nice . buy them , excellent price and quality
this makes a great addition to my boon lawn . it gives me an elevated place to dry my bottle nipples . love it !
very good value , my baby plays with them a lot . easy to attach to the stroller and stay on well
this toy is so great . very colorful and excellent quality ! wish i ordered two because my twins both love this toy !
the gutta-percha well , they have bought for a baby , but also to help with my colleagues , and we reflect good .
these blankets are so worth the money . the more you wash them , the softer they get . my son will not go to sleep without one .
totally worth the money , it took my hubby all of 10 minutes to have it installed and running . very happy .
i think it's a great invention for newborns ! it fits perfect and the double design pattern is very cool.recommend ! !
great for baby bjorn babysitter bouncy chair . 5 month old's favorite toy . the bjorne wooden arch is nice too , i alternate them
these are affordable , work great and are easy to use . especially good for grandparents or a sitter who might not know how to swaddle in a blanket .
easy to clean ! easy to put in chairs , i like the height options too . looking forward to using out and about
i used this in my son's playpen and it does what its suppose to :-) it is also very cute .
these are so funny and cute ! i've thrown them in the dishwasher countless times and they still look brand new . i am very happy with the quality .
easy to wash , but it's kind of a bummer that you can't put them in the dryer ( they do hair dry quickly ) .
do yourself a favor and don't go back to work and pump without this ! it would even be great at home !
this is great for bedtime because ithe elephant can be made to sit so it stays in my daughters mouth better . it's very cute too !
bought a second for my second seat and this new design is much better than the old style , when you open the whole thing densest pop off .
the suction on this always gives up so my baby whips it across the room its colorful but i wish they made it sturdier
they are just want i needed for baby bath time . you should wash them of course because they do shed . after that they are fine .
you could fit a least a weeks worth of newborn cloth diaper covers in a bag this size ! good for camping or more than one child in diapers .
great little snuggy for the little ones . it's very soft and beautiful . go ahead and buy , you won't be disappointed .
this is exactly the same tubing as the brand name and much cheaper . it was exactly as described in the overview .
we got these to transition off the bottle at 12 months and they are very durable ! i highly recommend if you are looking to transition off bottles
good item . toys are not that great looking lol but does the job ... recommend if you don't care how it looks . colors are great ! ! !
this item arrived promptly and as described . it works wonderful , it's nice and soft , and i absolutely recommend it during winter .
these diapers work perfectly as spit up rags for a baby with reflux . i love that they are unbleached as well - better for the environment .
my 8 month old loves this toy ! it is so cute and easy for him to grab and hold onto .
very easy to install , i love the fact that it has a zippered pocket were you can put some change , an id ...
these work . they seal well and are good quality . you can read the markings well and they do the trick !
love the design of this sheet , seems to be good quality . soft material . would definitely recommend . very pleased with purchase
very pleased with this fitted sheet - very soft , fits snugly , but stretches easily to get it on the mattress , even after washing - washes well
my little 5 month old loves playing with these in the bathtub , they aren't just for washing his hair . i would totally recommend these .
very soft ! we had originally purchased one from oxo but this one was way more comfortable . i would highly recommend it .
the bottle was working fine but suddenly it started leaking . i will need to try another brand that does not leak .
simple but does the job . i get lots of compliments from moms and dad's alike . my daughter likes it because she has something to do and chew .
kind of satisfy with the rocker , but it doesn't come with the battery for vibration.the rocker only has 2 changing level .
it said dishwasher safe but the paint came off in the first wash itself ... waste of money ... cute designs though ... i would buy munchkin
i give 5 stars to all avent products . i have had no problems , whatsoever , with avent . a must have for all new mothers !
crazy that this thing is so pricey . a simple cup holder is $ 25 but i think its so worth it . i love my stroller !
i was so glad to find these-i don't know why it's so hard to get extra rings . very glad i bought them .
these sheets are top notch . they fit perfectly , but do not rip at the corners like other sheets i have tried .
great little toy for my 5 month old . he likes the bright flashing lights and seems to enjoy the music . lots of fun for him !
we snapped them onto the door handles but we have a hard time opening the door . we ended up taking it off
a great first toy for all babies . helps to keep attention with the noise and bright colors . our daughter loved to grab and switch hands with it .
this product does the job for which it was purchased . it fits perfectly on my citimini and has held up just fine .
these are so so soft , love the side snaps . just wish they weren't white . i man , why would you make a white bib ?
absolutely wonderful blankie ... going to need more ! ! very large , thick , soft ! would be fabulous shower gift ! !
not to cumbersome to put on either . great for holding the ipad or a variety of books . would highly recommend .
this isn't my sons favorite toy but it does keep him entertained when his attention finally falls on it . plus it's so cute in his little hands .
arrived on fast and oral health is really important the price was nice it shipped on time and is well needed couldnt ask for more
i thought this clipper was kind of gimmick-y , but honestly it's been pretty useful . glad i ended up buying it .
top rated by consumer reports , great price & comfy for my 5 year old . easy to use , too . a great seat !
its sturdy and a good step . the step is exactly as described . green , plastic , and lightweight . would buy this again
good quality , pleasant sounds , lovely materials and colors , convenient velcro loop attaches toy anywhere , lots of developmental fun for baby !
i love these bottles but my baby doesn't . he doesn't like the nipples . but they hold so much ! ah well ...
these sheet is a very good fit for the graco pack and play and it is very soft . i like these over the graco sheets .
i like this high chair . i got it for my 6 month old son and it seems to work great ! i have no complaints ! ! !
i purchased these cups and after only a week they started leaking . i would not recommend these cups to anyone .
very colorful . so many toys and things to interact with . he'll be able to use this for quite some time .
second drying rack to maximize our drying space for our growing baby bottle collection . decent quality for the money . would buy again .
we were terrible at swaddling with a blanket . this made swaddling our son super easy . now if only it would have kept him asleep all night long .
the rings are very high quality and very soft . these rings would be good for young infants and for toddlers .
easy to fill and clean . the top part though as some sharp plastic so i might try to shave that down .
keeps fruits fresh for a longer period of time than other comparable containers we've used . we like the fact that it's leakproof .
the cubes are a little hard to get out but over all this is great for the money . the lids seem flimsy but they do work .
this is a great product when your are potty training & want to make sure you don't mess up your carseat .
it is bulky but it does the job . i think they should make like it in black color for other furniture .
it doesn't look as cute as i see in picture . my daughter doesn't really into it . the design is below expectation
my 9 month old daughter and i have so much fun at bathtime playing with these squirt toys . she giggles and squeals with delight .
it is a really cute bibe and i love the fact that it stores on it's own pouch . great buy .
these nipples are working just fine but i have trouble with the vents in the bottom of the bottles leaking .
love the look and function of this " swing " , love that it isn't an eyesore , we get tons of compliments and it does an amazing job !
prefect for my lo crib no teeth marks and can hang teething rings on it . must buy
item delivered on time , was as described , great overall experience ! i cannot wait to use this diaper bag as soon as our baby is born !
sweet and cute baby towels for a good price . soft and snuggly for my little girl after her bath . i might just buy more
i love this . it holds my daughters tub full of toys and makes my spare bathroom look more organized . worth it
i love this mat so well , i put half in the baby's room and the other half under his play yard and it works great for extra padding .
this product is great when the child gets to the stage when they want to throw everything down ! works very well and the snaps hold tight .
all of my baby's cup is nuk . it have good quality , and the best feeling.baby like it and want more . ha
super comfy and soft sheet for a pack n play . fit our chicco as well as my mom's graco and our nanny's graco .
fit and finish of mattress is great . no issues so far after a year use . its very easy to clean .
i like these better than other wipes i have purchased in the past . they also smell nice , because of the natural vanilla .
este juguete ha sido muy utlizado por mis bebes , aunque con el pasar del tiempo los botones que se oprimen para escuchar las melodias se han ido dañando .
these are simple and fit my pump just fine . i have no complaints . they've been working fine with my occasional use .
after the daycare-required sharpie markings washed off my baby's bottles , i purchased these . so glad i did . 50 + washings later and they still look good .
this item gave the baby a lot to play with and to look at as well as to play with .
i have been using many different rack and found this rack is best design , i finally settle with it and very happy ! !
my eleven month old loves to use this , both as a tooth brush and as a teether . i don't think it poses any choking risk .
love this seat . my 6 - month son has enjoyed it since birth . hasn't outgrown the toys . great for naps .
this item is soooo live safe the baby is soooooo busy with it , very good to install also and cheaper
my little one immediately hugged this toy and cuddled it , also loves to put the doll in the pouch and walk around with it , really good toy .
works great , inexpensive with nothing fancy . it is hard to get out as an adult , but that's what you want .
this is so cute . i love the whole jungle jill collection ! i definitely reccommend this . buy it , you will not be dissapointed .
i use this every day , fits my avent and medela bottles with no issues . makes it very easy to clean and sterilize .
best toy for small babies who are staring to grab toys . inexpensive , cute color and design and easy to clean . my baby loves it
i like this product . it is sturdy and vinyl covered which makes it easy to clean and the curved sides with the safety straps keep baby secure .
strong , long-lasting and cute ! ours is a hand-me-down and it still looks and works like new ! that says a lot for this product !
great gate ... stretches really long too ! i love it because it stretches from my kid toy room to the kitchen ... great gate !
this is perfect to protect our wicker chairs ! we use this with our prince lionheart booster seat in the same color scheme and love it .
it's functional , but really small and so it doesn't fit 2 pacifiers , and doesn't have the antimicrobial lining . probably not worth the money .
perfect for little squirmy baby . the bath is almost like a " scoop . " once baby is in , he is in , bam !
pain in a rear end to clean all the parts and it's not great at all . it leaked every other time
so soft , pretty , easy to use , and washes well , plus my daughter loves the tag gives . great purchase !
amazing . very pretty , and well made . and the price was spot on . i just wish they had come with inserts .
this brush is good for wide neck bottles only . also , it is hard to remove the nipple brush with wet hands .
my son really loves this container . he thinks it is fun to use and it does a good job keeping the snacks inside . definitely recommend this .
these are miracle workers in my opinion . cute pattern also . i will definitely buy more of these in the future .
cute teething toy with giraffe and baby giraffe named sophia . he has hit the market and every body needs at least one !
i liked this product a lot . i have holders with metal clips and they always rust after washing . this won't and it is durable .
arrived exactly as shown and described . it is very nicely coated and has instructions on several different ways to hang it .
crib mattress is a perfect fit for our little grandaughter's toddler bed ! sheets fit smoothly , and the mattress is very durable and comfortable !
as described . they work well , however when wet they feel greasy ... but they are a nice size for little hands and a good weight .
if u have stairs , u need to get this product , it works perfect over our stairs , i love this product
covers my boppy well , washes good to . just don't care for the slick sheen would have preferred a softer material .
nice and thin , what more can you ask for from a breast pad ?
fits perfectly and it's very comfortable . good value and our grandchild loves the figures . she enjoys pointing them out to us .
yes , this size is perfect for the ikea gulliver changing table . i like how the sides curve up as well .
these are cute toys to have for bathtime but please note that they fill with water and squirt - they do not sqeak . my mistake .
i heard that it will change , but have no experience . not yet born nephew to buy . ducks too small for that .
this was a waste of money , but mostly because i bought this because i love strawberries . it's a great nursery decor item , but really nothing more .
the adhesive isn't the best on this product , but it's easy enough to replace the adhesive strips with some other product like command strips .
this style along with the nuby " brites " have been my favorite since my first child . they are small and very cute .
great paci holder , strong grip , have used it in the pool several times and chlorine has not faded it at all . easy to wash and dry .
those spoons are great . they are soft and the portion is just what my baby needs . i recommend them.no doubt to buy them
i'm always thinking of ways to prevent potential damage . getting our cords up and out of reach of the infant makes me rest a lot easier .
lots of room to dry bottles and parts , and fits nicely right beside the sink . easy to put together and is pretty sturdy .
i bought 3 types of furniture straps so that i could compare them . this one is the best ! ! very sturdy plastic . well made !
its just a teether . baby thinks its ok , nothing special . he'll chew it , but he prefers my fingers i guess .
our 6 month old loves this bouncer ! the only issue we've had is , it's kind of heavy and awkward to move from room to room .
it does what it's intended to , which is keeping the milk chilled when i'm traveling places . no complaints at all .
it does work fine but it has a very annoying beep when water is above a certain temp and it is pretty bulky / heavy
this is really a great item for baby , he adores it and it squeaks all over , i would def . recommend this item .
bought this training seat with the bumbo stepping stool and i love it . my daughter is on her way to learning the ways of humanoids .
i would recommend this product . my son can sit on the toilet by himself with no leaks and no mess . easy to clean
baby could hold it and drink but now baby is not using this for drinking . good cup for baby.five stars
i find this bag to be roomy it holds a lot of things besides bottles great to travel with high recommended
these work well in an emergency but they do leave a funky taste that may need to be rinsed off .
nice quality . very soft . good quality . love it ! wish there were more colors / patterns to choose from .
my husband got this for our daughter and we love it . the material is so soft , and the color is perfect ( not too pink )
these were a nice idea , but just didn't work for us . we ended up using them for other things as they just didn't work for our child .
love this product , baby enjoys chewing on it and " brushing " her teeth and gums . it helps to start good habit of dental care early on
they are really cheap looking but that's not the issue . they stained the first time i used them . i'm going to buy others .
love philips avent , now there are in these pretty kool colour i buy blue because i have a son will always buy this brand for my son .
this bathtub is big , not space saver , and not safe . baby slips in it . it is dangerous . would not recommend it
it's colorful , bright , and full of texture ! it has cute patterns and sounds . the baby loves it ! i highly recommend !
i haven't used this very much but i am impressed with it so far . it is pretty stretchy and keeps drinks cool .
i put hot porridge in here and within an hour the porridge turned cold , not cool , but cold . 2 stars for not leaking .
life saver ! this toy keeps my baby busy . he loves playing with it . i use it on the car seat and also on the stroller .
love this bumper , very soft and it is a nice light blue color . wish it was a tiny bit more sturdy , but otherwise it is great
my 9mon old loves these . she can grab each of them with one hand . highly recommend for any baby ! would be a great baby shower gift .
does what it is supposed to and holds up in wash . well sized for a day out of the house , can hold 5-6 dirties ...
this made it through two toddlers and still in great shape even though it was left outside 24/7 for over three years .
i like to use this brush better than a normal dish brush . it fits perfectly in bottles , cups , thermos , etc .
the cover is exactly as pictured . i like the adjustable strap . the print is cute , and it get's the job done .
came quickly as expected , quality as expected also ! so very cute and the mustache reminds me of the little ones great grandpa
very absorbent ... soft , easy to clean , and fit nicely as an overnight booster in our bummis diapers with a prefold .
the shopping cart cover works well and is well made . it does slip off the larger carts but works well on carts at walmart , etc .
excelente para cubrir el colchoncito del bebe en el corral.buena marca.absorbe el liquido y muy funcional.lo recomiendo ampliamente .
funbites square is a great item for your little ones ! no sharp edges to hurt your little ones and easy to use . clean up is a breeze !
i feel more comfortable with it in place . however as soon as i installed it my visiting mother tripped on it . some people can't win .
it doesn't stick well to the tub , it's slippery , and it turned yellow from i assume the heat of the water ?
not very smooth . we bought another that is one third the price that rocks so much better . do not buy
my grand daughter should make this rating , as she has been in it for miles and miles . it was perfect .
much softer than the pack and play sheets you would buy in a store but they are a bit thin .
my husband installed this very easily . i love having it for super messy diapers . i have even used it to wipe off other things not diaper related .
got it for travell , and it didnt fit well our 13 month old , he hated it ... maybe for really tiny babies it will be fine .
i bought these because my daughter love tags . i give them 3 stars because they are smaller than the others i have purchased .
i love these . easy to apply and definitly makes our nursery so adorable . i would recommend these to my friends .
my son loves this teether . it's easy for him to hold and reaches back to the molar area . it's easy to clean .
this is a fairly good assortment of items for a baby kit . the price is fair and the items are quite functional . i'd recommend it .
this product did not work when i took it out of the box . not sure if i just got a faulty one or what .
works well - can easily see baby day or night . i have not had issues with picking up other people's monitor signals even in our big apartment building .
we take lunch to my daughter's daycare and she loves this little carrier . it's the perfect size for a toddler or preschooler .
they are ok - much smaller than i expected but will do the job . probably won't buy any more of these .
not the easiest to clean , but the straw gets it all ! ! it's also made in the usa ! ! good job guys :)
cannot speak to how it works as i havent got a chance.it arrived damaged but great customer support returned all the money .
decent size cubby to hold toys in the bath , but one side doesn't seem to want to stick to the walls .
its ok for kids not having direct contact with the dirty metal of supermarket stores , thats all it does . just a cover .
fun toys for any baby ! easy to attach . one rattles , one vibrates and the other makes noise . super cute and fun !
i have only used this once on my combi stroller . it kept the baby warm . he was happy and i am happy .
he plays with the spoons all the time . haven't used the bowl yet , but i can tell it will work great . very smart design .
this sterilizer is so convenient and easy . i use it for bottles , pacifiers and pump parts saves a ton of time .
greatpproduct for the price . fits over the sink and is easy to drain . sling for infants is great and comfortable . my son loves it !
this pacifier is fashion , very beautiful , i feel my duaghter like it very much , i feeli love it , so.you should buy it ,
made it more comfortable to pump and seemed to take a little less time.would recommend this for big breasted women
affordable and holds all the small items i need to take my baby for a walk . perfect ! i love it !
it is a good car seat , my little girl enjoy it a lot , she is happy and comfortable after we change it ...
cant eating without it for my baby . easy wash . i even put in dishwasher . its fine . can wash by dishwasher .
its cute but it did not fit our crib properly . i guess i should have noticed the width of the crib bars before purchase .
my hasn't been able to use it yet but my 23mons old loves it . we'll see when the younger one is able to sit and play .
i love this product , but rarely use it because it is just difficult to clean . i have to use dry rice
works well ! love it with the nylon cover . so glad someone finally made a cheap and all natural cloth diaper
too small to be useful for anything , unless your child is a hamster . an actual hamster . i returned these immediately .
good quality and great price makes one happy baby . we love that it can grow with her and she will have a rocking chair when she gets older .
this is a must have if you have a small baby . the 2nd bib can be used as a toy while feeding .
adhesive is great even though my son chews on them and the protection can't be beat - nor can the price . very pleased with this product !
happy they are bpa free . good for an older baby ... a bit tough for my 7 month old ... he prefers the ones with handles .
love skip hop plates and bowls . they're fun while being utilitarian as they're 1,2 , 3 easy to clean .
this car seat cover did what it should for a summer , after which the internal lining more or less disintegrated .
rather than using this to brush her teeth she just wants to suck all the toothpaste off her brush , so picky toddlers will love the taste !
these bags are great because they are double sealed and a great value.when you using 2-3 each day to pump for your lo , value is essential .
works great ! fits snug & it's sturdy ! i put toys on it for 4 month old daughter . listed as ivory , but it's actually white .
super great for entertaining the baby . love that i can detach it and put it anywhere . very helpful for entertaining little baby .
i have purchased several infant / toddler seats for my children and this one by far is the best for the money .
it is so cute for support baby's head during long distance travel , it is so soft and will stable as safety ever .
my friend is planning to cloth diaper at least a bit and these are perfect to help with that :)
the kit is very good , i use almost all items . the only product that does not pleased me was the manual nasal aspirator .
print on this clip is soo cute . also like the spot for baby's name on the back side . it is easy to use with all the pacifiers .
soft and durable ... colors even stand up to bleach ! we have them rolled in the prince lionheart warmer and they work wonderfully !
this bouncer is great . it's a really comfortable shape and a good price . we liked it so much that we bought three . :)
i used this for cloth diaper at home and it's little too small but i bring this when we go out and it's perfect to put soil diapers .
i should've listened to other reviews and passed on this purchase . the cup leaks so it isn't worth the money i spent .
this is the best pita crib sheet . i wish i could sleep on it . it is thick and very soft , perfect for our grandson .
our son loved this toy , mostly to throw around his pen . is a nice squishy material and easily cleanable . much smaller than expected .
love this natural remedy for my teething toddler ! a great mild alternative if i want to hold off on medication til really needed .
i really like this teether . easy to grab solid enough and above all safe made of natural rubber safe paint . i highly recommend it .
i love how soft this changing pad cover is ! it is a perfect fit on contoured changing table pads , and wipes clean easily for small messes .
i ordered this for my baby just starting out on cereal .. i would deff not recommend . it is not air tight & it leaks everywhere !
its hard to make the food come out , hard to clean and sometimes too much food comes out . wouldn't recommend .
soft nipple and easy to grasp for a new drinker ( from a cup ) .
they are nice covers , get the job done - just wish they weren't so expensive . they are tight but they fit my 2013 kia sorento .
love the colors .. very bright and happy . eye catching for baby . very well made . happy with my purchase . good teaching book for a toddler .
i'm very happy with these bowls which stick really nicely , minimizing messes . the only thing that would make them better is if all three bowls had lids .
i love these blankets , but this one seems smaller than the other small / medium we have . not sure whose fault that is .
these keys are great . my 4 month old loves these . i think once she starts teething she'll enjoy them even more !
we keep the " shiny ( pul ) side in " for the pail and then reverse it for washing . this system works great for us !
captain calamari is a must have . plenty of colors , textures , and surfaces to chew on this is the perfect baby toy .
i haven't used these as diaper but love them so far to have around for multi purpose use . they are great insulators for my changing table .
small package , light and robust product at the same time . my daughter really love the gift and play with it all the time .
the bag is fine , but what is great is that uppababy insures your stroller if use use the bag , not a bad deal if you ask me .
i buy these for baby wreaths . they're cheap and highly durable . i have yet to hear any complaints from my recipients .
the plastic is thin and flimsy and the zipper at the top constantly keeps getting stuck . it is a large backpack can carry lunch box other things easily .
i was looking for exactly this . what i received was a standard , plush changing pad cover . it was new , on time , and as expected .
i love this potty , we have one upstairs and one downstairs . my son doesn't mind using it , it is incredibly easy to wash , get one !
i use these everywhere i go and attach everything i can . the only thing i would have done differently is ordered more of these wonderful leashes !
these are perfect for 8month old portions ! the only downside is that the plastic feels very thin / flimsy . i love the soft / rubberized bottom .
i didnt want something that my baby would want to grab at , i thought this would be pretty plain and work and it does .
soooo much better than a bulb syringe . soooo much cleaner and baby-friendlier . this plus saline drops are a necessity in baby care .
i love the feel and look of this bib . mine pulled when it was near gentle velcro and a zipper .
also much larger than led to believe and useful during winter months only . my son was too warm wearing this at night .
this is a great addition to our nursery . it is very cute , has bright colors , and is sturdy enough to hold toys .
i bought this to clip onto a wagon that had hook , it was used a handful of time before starting to split at then ends .
with enough twisting they are easy to get out , but i prefer tovolo . the silicone is thicker which makes it easier to pop out the pureed food .
very thin . it was not silky feeling like i thought it would be either . i can see the pattern in the crib mattress through the sheet .
my daughter loves the noise the book makes , i love that she can't get a papercut or destroy the book . fun and easy to use
of course i haven't yet used these , and i plan on it . i like the feel and i'm my precious will as well .
this hamper is neatly made and works well for our purposes ( baby's dirty clothes hamper ) . the color matches our decor fine . i would definitely recommend .
my son likes this toy in the tub and it is very easy to use . battery life is good so far but only a two months into it .
i don't know why it is so popular . doesn't give support to the back , uncomfortable , difficult to put on ... waste of money .
they are okay for the most part . i prefer my gerber nursing pads though . these are very bulky and at times are itchy to me .
stops urine etc from penetrating through onto the changing table covers . that way i don't have to change the covers all the time .
the ink pad was dry and unusable . i should have known better with the price . it was a waste of the couple $ spent .
love this cozy fleece sleep sack . it washes well and stays fluffy and soft . the puppy dog on it is cute too !
product packaging is good and a very good bargain ! this product includes the hood for easy flow of milk into the bags .
this thermos is great , keeps the food warm for long time and is very good size for lunch for toddler .
these were awesome and i learned how to use a prefold ! ! prefolds are not as scary as i thought they were ! !
this is a must-have for anyone with kids . my son's feet started to reach the front seat , so i need this !
this is a great highchair . it's soft and well made . it's easy to clean . it's adjustable and has arm support for older kids.totally worth the $ $
these caps fit the medela collars as required . don't know why the caps keep disappearing but i'm glad we can get these replacements .
chew chew chew , gnaw gnaw gnaw . i recommend putting in the freezer for extra boost if your babys gums needs soothing .
great concept , but one of them broke after only a few times of use . the caribeaner is what broke . the handles part still works .
great for organizing kids toys . it lost a star because the screws are not hidden , but they give you little stickers to cover them .
this gave my wife and i some much needed additional space for our legs in the front seat . great purchase .
love these ! have to use the largest setting on my 8 lbs newborn though - fyi . hold up well in washer / dryer too !
looks so great in our daughter's bedroom ! it hangs right over her crib - - so adorable ! we absolutely love it !
works great , fits the seat it should , that's about all i can say for this item in the important department .
my son enjoyed freddy more , but this did the job as well , both are great toys and entertain him . would recommend it
good price and seems sturdy and cute ! this is for my daughter who is only 14 mos but climbing on her sisters step stool .
it's a standard bottle brush . the nipple attachment ripped one of the bottle nipples so i haven't used that attachment since .
i didn't notice any additional moisturizing action than just a normal wipe unfortunately . you could get away with using other plain or lotion wipes .
my little one loves eating ice and ice pops out of these things and they are great . haven't tried fruit / veggies yet but it hasn't disappointed me .
i love this brand , my daughter has teeth and has not chewed through these nipples , i have heard other brands are easily chewed through by a toddler
soft seated , baby loves it ... no issue so far but time will tell . hope my 9 months baby will use it , so far not by much
perfect stroller ! awesome price . shipping was prompt . light weight and folds up great . fits into my small , compact car's trunk . very stylish .
i prefer old fashioned toys for my children . i like how these blocks are larger and include more than just the alphabet .
these are ok , but they're incredibly annoying to clean . i wish the spout was on the top so it would be easier for my baby to eat .
these work great with dr . brown bottles and my son only uses these . he rejects all other bottles so having access to replacement nipples is great .
he loves elmo and the handles are big enough for him to grip . the fork is rounded too so he doesn't hurt his mouth while eating
we have a black britax car seat and this fits it perfectly and it keeps the seat cool in the summer
if you're anything like me and don't have a lot of time to set up or take down a child gate then don't buy this one .
comes in original packaging , great price . have not had any problems with it so far , use it once a day !
used these all the time ... they kept the sheets dry when trying to figure out which diaper brand worked best for my baby .
we're really happy with the quality of this soft teether . our baby loves it and seems to help with her teething discomfort .
nice quality , and thicker than other disposable changing pads . more substantial than you might think from a disposable changing pad .
this changing pad cover is ideal . not only is it soft , but also the holes that allow the straps to be visible is a nice touch !
i was expecting this to be just mesh instead of slightly padded . it's not pretty but it serves its purpose well and is of good quality .
this product is easy to attach and extends the play yard to a convenient size . the taupe color matches the original item .
the weight on the straw means the straw is in the fluid even when the cup is tilted . i wish my travel coffee cup had this feature !
you'd do just as well with pipe cleaners ( you can get them in the craft department of lots of stores ) . they're a lot cheaper too .
i like the material is thick and is very adjustable better than other options , i am very happy with the purchase
great changing table , fits into standard changing pad covers . been using for three months with my newborn and i have no complaints .
great concept , however my daughter can yank it down . works very well for scooping up toys and storing them . does need cleaned every now and then .
best bf pillow on the market ! ! ! plus all the cool covers make changing and washing a breeze .
keeps my stuff organized for when you first have your baby and your not sure what to do with all those papers !
my 6 month old loves this ! the squeek keeps him interested while the texture sooths his teething gums . easy to clean and fun to play with .
these suck because they don't suck for long . they worked at first but time has proved , getting a cheaper regular bowl would suffice .
this is a nice baby book but i wish there were more pages , and more spots for baby pictures . i like the jungle theme
these are the cutest sheets . they are soft , to feel and on the eyes . they look great on the crib and they make you feel good .
i was cracking and it was very painful to feed . healed up after a week of using this . now i can feed fine without it .
i use cotton sheets anyway , but my baby is very happy and i feel safe with it . i recommend this product .
very cute for pictures ! you just stick them on a onesie , they stay on pretty well for a photo session . these colors are for girls .
this mattress is pretty firm to support your growing baby , yet still just soft to be comfortable enough for sleep .
they dont fit that well , most of the time i need to pull them up to have them were they are supposed to be .
good price . works in dishwasher , no spills with lid . i don't know why you can't pick the colors , but we lucked out with our colors .
love the cute caterpiller from the baby einstein movies ! also , the caterpiller part is plastic so it doesnt freeze your fingers to hold if for your baby !
great and easy , our 5 month old seems to do well with them i would recommend to any parent ! they are easy and well made .
these curled up around the edges . i'd look around . there are better ones out there . also they are pretty rough feeling .
we have been using this item for 11 months . it is fantastic . it has helped our diapering needs tremendously . cheap and functional .
the joints that hold the sections of the gate are cheap plastic and easily snap if you have a rambunctious 1 year old pulling / rattling on the gate .
have used this seat on all kind of chairs . i wish if there was a picture or guidelines to put harness around chair and baby .
just what i needed . works well so far will be updating if i have any trouble . overall loving this product so far and would recommend .
very happy with the fit and quality of this sheet for my daughter's crib mattress ! will buy again if need be !
ok , after a while , this thing will fall apart . but at about 4 bucks when i bought it , come on !
this book has everything i need / want to record . great for the price . i wish it would look more girly though
the quality of the image is great , the night vision is spectacular , also the sound . but the batter of the monitor is very poor .
i wound up ordering several sets of these just so i could pump several times a day without having to wash them before the next pumping .
great product that isn't flimsy and not to mention my baby will love the colors and the design ! i have fell in love with all sassy baby products .
this product is great and makes marching so easy , also cleaning is simple . i therefore recommend for anyone out there
if you keep up with your wipe warmer the way you're supposed to , these pillows can be used far longer than it says on the package .
came early great price just what i wanted and needed my grandbaby will love all the colors to craw on thank you
gets the job done as expected . ample space in the cooler . the bottles fit the ameda purely yours pump perfectly .
this is a nice book with plenty of pages to record all the milestones of your baby's first year and beyond including spaces for photos and other keepsakes .
this design was strong enough to hold 8 oz glad bottles and did not take up too much space on the counter . it was useful .
super soft . my little one has super sensitive skin and this doesn't irritate it all . fits well over regular baby mistresses too .
i bought as a gift for a friend . she liked it . the little turtle is a wind-up and it spins and sings a song . really cute .
very effective in picking up soundssturdy and efficient in utility . we bought this way back and still use it for monitoring the baby activities
my little guy loved this for teething ! our dogs got ahold of it so i will definitely be purchasing another for our next child !
the picture is correct - there are no stems in these diaphragms . now i'm at a loss as to where to find the replacement parts .
easy to installgood directionsflexes a little when fully loaded and open completelybut worth it ! would recommend to purchase
the mobile looks really pretty . however , i used this mobile for not more than 30 mins and the battery was dead . it uses 3 c batteries .
i received these free in the hospital .. don't waste your money until you know if your baby likes them or not . mine don't take pacifiers
awesome ! ! works great - never had a single problem and puts my mind at ease !
the tether could be longer it was pretty much unusable for me because it was so short . the clip was nice but that was the only plus
my 10 month old loves these . they have tiny holes in the bottom so they are fun in the tub as well .
best one out there for space and function . i returned all the others i bought ( there were 3 ) . highly recommend .
this is the second blanket i have . its a backup for the originally my daughter loves it . its very soft and good price
my wife loves it.no damage to nipples , very confortable.can adjust the duration and amount of suctionwell built.recomended
love the material . good quality hangers and perfect in size . the handles on top can fit regular cupboards which is really important .
my daughter is almost 3 months and is finally starting to like to play with the toys . she likes the rings at the moment and the phone !
it does what it is supposed to , keeps the door from closing on fingers . also , can be used as a teether .
fits all binkies and is a good length for baby . i love these clips way more than those chunky plastic ones that always come off .
definitely worth the money . they are absorbent , edges don't unravel , and they are soft , even if you hang dry them .
easy to use and put together . it's also easy to clean . my son seems very comfortable in it . great product .
we love our sakura bloom pure baby sling . dad gets lots of use from it . comfy , easy to use , and the colors are vibrantly gorgeous !
great change up to a classic popper car . my baby boy loves this ... the noise it makes and watching it go .
i purchased this my grandbaby , he is 12 months and he loves this cups . he thinks he is a big boy now
great fit ... and will for a while . my son is 23 lbs and still snap flaps touch . love best bottem dipes
thick , sturdy wipes . they also work well as washcloths . i recommend 4 packages for full time cloth diapering if washing every other day .
love the dr . brown bottles - they really make a difference with how gassy / burpy our little one is after she eats . great system .
they are nice but very small and would still slide off my newborn . i wouldn't purchase again because i think they are very overpriced .
i was surprised at how many hidden activities are in this one toy . it is cute and i am very happy with the quality of the toy .
i like it because it is made in the usa . i do not trust made in china to feed my baby . it has good quality .
i love jujube products and this insulated cooler is wonderful . it also is a great zippered bag for other things
love these bags . i use them all the time . easy to use and store . very easy to travel with as well .
these didn't fit my standard size dirt devil like i thought it would . i returned it , very disappointed ! it sounded like a great product !
this is my baby's favorite teether even though he has a little difficulty managing it . none the less he loves it .
cute , works great and kids love it ! i bought a cheap frog one from a bargain store and i regret not buying this one first .
this bodysuit is so soft and cute . it has the built-in mittens to help protect baby from their sharp little finger nails .
my daughter loved playing with this panda . the noises it make made her very happy . it is a smaller toy perfect for infants .
better than boiling water or running i her hot water to warm . especially good in themiddle of the night for those sleepy feedings
for my granddaughter . she's not here yet but i am sure she will like it as much as i do .
bought this to put on an i'coo stroller . it's well made and gets the job done as well as any similar product for a fraction of the price .
nice color , but not very soft . perfectly fits the pad that came with my graco changing table , and hasn't shrunk in the wash .
perfect size and made out of durable nonslip materials - not cheap like the other knee protectors . i love brica !
this is adorable and durable ! it fits the item description perfectly ! i highly recommend this item . a new twist on an old teether . darling !
our baby loves this one . she sleeps better when this is the sheet that's on her mattress . buy two , not one .
my son absolutely loves this book . the colors are nice and vibrant and the pages easy to read . an overall great buy .
oi like it but when it came the edges were already a little frayed like it had been used already .
its a comfortable design . cute and simple . very thin and easy to use . the white part is slightly stained but the shape is holding up well .
nice soft cushion ... but the tapes are not strong enough . my 14 months old can easily peel them off . ( and he loves it )
no matter what you do , this tub will leak . it has a poor design and was a total waste of money .
very easy to clean as said , works with ease , my boy will use this till he is a big boy
my daughter loves chewing on this corn teether ! it's cute ! a little pricey for a teether , but it seems worth it so far .
i love this diaper caddy . it holds everything you need for a diaper change . we use it every day !
i like it its colorful and work as rattle as wellmy 7 month baby likes it and its really nice and good priceloves it
love this had the one that was a mesh sack and was so hard to clean glad that i found this ... it is so convenient !
worked wonderfully for keeping pacifier in baby's mouth while lying on back in swing . probably would work well in car seat too .
its too bulky . it makes it hard to carry seat from handle when u decide u want to . too big not my style
i love these so so so much . perfect size and versatile . without the lids they are regular cups and with the lids they are perfect sippy cups .
this toothpast is good tasting , easy to use , and not full of terrible chemicals you don't want in your baby's body .
ordered " colors may vary " hoping they'd be blue or green . they are pink which render them useless for my little boy . waste of money .
too short for my daughter to put her feet down completely while using the potty . too expensive and wouldn't purchase again .
this is a great carseat . it is perfect for a growing toddler , and the fact that it is black makes it easier to clean .
i just went back to work and needed some bpa free storage bottles . they work just fine and get the job done .
i bought this for a trip to the beach , it lasted a whole 30 seconds before my son ripped the foam blades off . :(
opened this up at the airport and the zipper broke immediately . it's also very bulky if you are using it for gate check at the airport .
very disappointing . i always used halo sleep sacks but this one was way too big . i had to return it and bought another brand .
great product.pros : they floatthe squirtbaby will love trying to catch thembaby loves sucking themcons.they do not float eyes side up ! will recommend
i bought this adapter for my bugaboo bee . the adapter just snaps onto the chasis and the car seat snaps securely into the adapter . great buy !
this is a great bottle brush . i really think that the nipple brush and the stand are great features . a +
it's just okay but for the price it's worth having . i think it's flimsy but it does keep my baby comfy in her stroller .
cant go wrong with britax . we love the marathon style because our back row is narrow
this came out to us and it stuck for a minute and then fell off before we were able to take the picture
the only nipple my son will use . took a while to find the right bottle . but these are perfect for him
does what it is supposed to do and protects our seats . simple and the ability to fold the top up or down is a plus .
a very nice fit over a 2 - inch think mattress . the fabric and plastic lining are soft and gentle for a tiny baby
we have a 2011 toyota prius and this shade doesn't fit very well in the back seat window . however , it does the job while remaining very affordable .
it has been the easiest addition to our stroller and is practically foolproof . it clicks right on and off . no issues at all . love uppababy !
this cup is a fabulous idea , too bad it leaks so horribly . it doesn't leak from the mouth piece - it leaked from the bottom !
love these and have used them with two babies now ! the stacking tray is very convenient and they're easy to store in the freezer .
this is a pretty good booster seat for the price and its very compact . it folds easy and unfolds even easier.its well worthy , def . good buy
i ordered this because his activity mat needed a mirror on top . this is perfect . it would be great on his carseat or stroller , too .
but my kid just wasn't into it . can't explain why . just the way it was . maybe yours might like it more ?
love these little baby rattles . it is so fun to watch as child learns that the noise he heres is from his movement . love it !
cute and stylish - wish there was an organic option and that they were a tad shorter . not our favorite .
love the breathable fabric . fits my changing pad well . washes well . the giraffes are cute . my son loves aden and anais products
this is awesome for teething babies ! my son loves the vibrations ! it is very soothing to him and easy to hold ! !
he's 6 mo now and he loves to play with it . i think the color and the rotation really got his attention .
and goes with an outfit i hope my son and daughter-in-law will take a picture of my first grandson in while holding this .
very cute and soft . perfect type of book to introduce to your baby that likes to tear pages or chew on things . cute and friendly animal faces .
love this fan , it hooks up nicely to my infants car seat and doesn't disturb him while he sleeps but keeps him a little cooler .
we have a hard time installing this car seat in our crv . the safety belt in the car seat is so hard to take apart .
good quality item , indicating brings photo . i highly recommend it , for the price it is a very good bargain :) .
my grandson loved this teether when he first got it but doesn't use it much anymore .
if you are breastfeeding you have to get these ! put them in the fridge before you use them . wonderful product ! !
bigger than some other blankets we got , so really good to swaddle baby in . great value as well , and not as hot as the fleece blankets
our mattress is thick so these barely go over the sides but they do the job . fit on our king size bed fine width wise . good price .
we have a 5in mini crib mattress and it does not fit . only fits the 1in pad that comes with crib or pack n play .
saves my back , no more picking up my toddler to wash her hands ! ! ! great product , works perfectly on my sink . love !
much thicker than thirsties covers ... actually fit my newborn and didn't leak everytime . now that she is bigger thirsties are great too .
i needed something to keep all the nipples and small baby feeding things together . this does the trick . i wish it was a bit taller though .
it's a bit more wobbly than i'd like , i wouldn't recommend to parents whos infant / toddler wants to potty independently . recommend use with supervision only .
i find the small compartments on these plates to be too small and shallow . also , the plates do not stack easily for storage .
loved all most were for my grandson.did not receive the knife yet , sorry i can't write reviews for all items but i'm very happy with them .
this a great toy for babies they raddle when you shake them they have awesome colors good for using there hands
wow these are expensive . but buying a 2 pack is the most cost effective way , unless you can find them on sale at babies r us .
this product is very good , i will tell my all my friends . thank you sale very good feeder , my baby like it very much .
cute and does the job of hiding all the extra baby stuff hiding under the crib . almost touches floor though with crib on highest bed height .
exactly as described , only the tops aren't blue .. they are white . doesn't make any difference though , it still works as expected ! 5 stars !
our daughter is notorious for peeing right after we take her diaper off . i can't tell you how many linens would have been soaked without this present .
to be exact , it only has 3 pages . pretty expensive for its price . better spend the money and get a real book !
babys head does not bend at the neck when he falls asleep . this is great for both long and short trips .
this sippy is great . the soft mouthpiece is good . it can be dropped over and over and no damage . handles are perfect . son likes it .
if you have medela's bottles then you must buy spear parts , specially for the collars , since they break a lot .
i like it because is light weight is portable you can adjusted easily , but could be dangerous if you clip it and falls of and hits baby's face
these were the pacifiers that were recommended for my nephew since he was a premie . i used them for his diaper cake .
my newborn will not sleep unless he's wrapped up in one of these , they have saved the day ( and my sanity )
love this ! no more screaming during diaper changes . if you keep the inside moist , you will not have problems with browning .
very warm and soft . does not shed . good price . will buy some more colors . material looks very expensive . ! !
the sheet looks great with the set . it is high quality . a worthwhile buy if you purchase the items in pieces .
he uses it daily and is his go-to napper . also good for light play . a key purchase for us . recommended without hesitation .
much sturdier than other brands . plenty of adhesive . holds up nicely . highly recommend this over any other brand out there .
my baby loves the colors and how it rattles ... this is a must have for baby learning about hands and feet .
i have no other bottle to compare to but i love this so much my daughter has 4 of them and we have never had any problems .
this is a great bibs for beginning eaters . i like how they are machine washable . cute designs . neck size works as well .
this ball is fine . i like that it can shake , twist , and be chewed on . my daughter just didn't much care for it .
my boy sucks on these and that means i don't have to keep washing the whole carrier all the time .
this product was exactly as i expected . it matched the equipment i had received in the medella starter kit i received in the hospital .
fits nicely , comes on and off nicely , but remains on snugly for the baby , looks great after washing . no complaints
mommy of our great grandson just loved them ! absolutely thought they were adorable ! the are very thick little trainers ... excellent quality .
its an excellent product . my baby moves a lot , but the changing pad makes it a little bit harder for him to turn around .
love chicco's keyfit carseat and base . easy to install with latch system or with the safety belt . great product chicco !
this cover fits well on the mattress for the graco pack ' n play play yard . it washes up well without shrinking .
i love this brand and i love this pattern . easy and lightweight yet still soft . great for lots of uses .
great for my infants a seat stationary and toddler rocking chair . easy to remove and clean seat . bright colors .
this lunch bag is super cute . i have used it to keep breast milk cold and it has worked everytime . love it !
just as the description says , this spong is indeed very soft yet relatively strong . absolutely loved it and would buy this again if we need a replacement .
i have zero complaints ! my son is 17 months old and still fits his seat perfectly . i am extremely pleased with it !
we bought this so our daughter could have toys at her grandparents ' house . she absolutely adores this gym . setup was easy . would buy again .
we purchased this to go with a baby bed & it is a quality product ! firm , but comfy and just want we wanted !
not really much you can say about a refill other than they were exactly as described . a refill for the diaper dekor plus .
nice features , and goes pretty much anywhere ! i wish the shade went down more , but everything else outweighs that for the money !
keeps the baby beasts out of the closet and all of my nice , organized stuff in . worth it with toddlers .
very good quality , soft , and not expensive . not so big so fits easily in my stroller and car seat . i have two of these .
very happy with this product . looks very good and they have not fallen off our walls . our baby girls room looks quite lovely with these on the walls
this fits our queen-sized bed very well . it's a nice quality and is exactly what you would expect from a bedrail . i have no complaints .
i got this for grandbabies getting potty trained . so far , so good . i like that it fits regular & elongated seats .
this sleepsack is incredibly soft . it has a lining that makes it just right for fall / spring weather . i love it .
purchased this for a trip to disney , my daughter loves it and it keeps drinks a lot colder . fun novelty item .
this is a cute little ball for babies . it rolls alright and my son liked it . although it wasn't his favorite toy he did like it .
this is perfect for going back to work . i love that i can pump into them and then also use to feed baby with .
fun pieces stack different directions for different shapes it has nice bright colors my baby seems to like it so far
this is perfect for any parents who plan on baby proofing the kitchen . there are enough locks to secure every cabinet .
my son loved this play gym as a newborn , and still loves playing with the detachable toys as a toddler .
i used the phillips bottles when my son was still drinking from bottles and bought some of these extra nipples as the others eventually wore out .
my son loves it . he also likes to play in it while it's empty . throw a few toys in and it's a fun play place !
my daughter doesnt use this very often but i still love it ! its small , lightweight , easy to set up and small enough to travel with !
i love these as shoulder cloths . they are thick and soft . and they clean well with rockngreen or regular det .
my son had no problems using these bottles for the first time and continues to nurse with no issues ! so worth pay a little extra on bottles !
easy to clean , assemble and use . but have to bend forward for the milk not to leak and causes back pain .
these are great , cheap and useful . we have them on v's stroller , jumparoo and car seat !
works well on my chicco key fit stroller . holds phone and other items within easy reach .
these are sooo cute . not too busy looking on the walls . sticks great to the wall . i highly recommended this .
good quality and baby fits in it nicely . he loves the toy and plays happily in this chair . i would recommend .
love the colors and the textures . the sizes are great and baby loves it . i think this set can grow with your child as they age .
my daughter loved this thing . she took it everywhere and all the different sensations that are available on one toy was a real treat for her .
these are very attractive outlet covers and work well . much better than the ugly cheap plug ins . very affordable price and well worth the purchase .
easy to install , a bit difficult to open to plug and unplug cords , but that's sort of the point . they work well .
as soon as i got it and used it , the handle broke off . not worth the money , even though it is really cheap .
beautiful well made blankets ! used for my twins christening and i really love them ! they are warm and soft as well !
this is a good quality , functional , and fashionable baby bib . your little man will definitely get compliments when he shows up wearing this one !
love it , the color is nice and the fabric is really soft , easy to wash . blue color is very nice .
these are cute and soft and bigger than i expected them to be . nice alternative to sucking the water out of the washcloth while we're trying to scrub !
great for new babys ! perfect weight for an extra layer in the winter or to wrap a newborn when snuggling . well made and super cute !
this little potty is very cute , kid & mommy friendly and is fun to use . the flushing action was a great idea !
these work great for dr browns standard bottles , as well as all of my kids ' sippy cups and snack cups .
great teething toy ! my little girl loves chewing on this fun little banana . it was smaller than i thought it would be but it works good .
i like have this organizer , but on our changer ( attached to the crib style ) it sits just a little loose .
have used these since my baby girl was born and she loves them . and worth mentioning they are also very cute !
this fits my boppy pillow perfectly . and i love having 2 designs in 1 pillow cover ! must have for boppy pillows
cute item . soft and perfect pacifier . the giraffe is soft and just heavy enough but not too heavy . great item
really useful for bathtime . kneeling pads are just right , and i love that this folds up for storage when not in use .
they attached themselves pretty solidly , and after being removed several times were still able to reattach . i have no complaints so far .
very cute ! my baby enjoys looking at the monkey . whenever i put him down on his changing pad , he'll flip over to stare at the monkey !
these are great milk storage bottles . you can even but a nipple to them and use them as a bottle . they are the perfect size for newborns
pros : helps with picky eatingit's cutecons : hard to clean because the sections are smallnot leak proofwarped in the dishwasher
nice quality , fits well , and easily tailored to fit my application with little effort . appear to be durable and safe !
easy to install and do the job well . no more red rub marks on the kid's necks . really good value .
had all the parts i needed to use my medela breast pump . everything fit perfectly and was easy to clean . great product .
this item is ok . a bit pricey and the plastic detaches . it looks like i purchased an expensive zip lock baggie .
the giraffe on this mobile is soo cute . would recommend this mobile for anyone doing the jungle jill theme for their nursery .
would give it zero if i could . keeps coming off the diaper at least once a week no matter how tightly we secure it .
we just use the tenson on our gate and it's still really sturdy and solid ... really happy with this - a good value !
ava's first doll put it on her carrying seat right know it colorful for her to look at . easy to hold and likes the way it crinkles
ink pad was very dry . prints came out light grey at best . i would recommend looking around for another item .
lightweight and easy to use . baby likes it too . hoping they will have maybe animals shapes available in the future .
my daughter likes the sounds and interaction with the toy , but gets frustrated that she is " trapped " and can't roll easily on carpet .
easy to install , comfortable , soft and perfect for my 2.5 year old . she loves it . i was able to install it by myself .
easy to install and seems to be made well . must have for keeping your children safe as well as keeping your expensive hdtvs from smashing to the ground .
these crib sheets are both comfy and cute ! the price was right , so i bought a few . they go great with out polka dot themed nursery .
not a lot to say on this . it works as it should and is the right size . i would recommend .
this is a super cute , soft and larger than expected stuffy ! the colors are great and it has become a quick favorite !
we keep this seat at my in-laws ' house for when they watch our 1 - year-old . works great . also packs easily into diaper bag for trips .
this product does exactly what it is supposed to do . no leaks . i use the different colors to coordinate for my two kids .
get this if you have dr brown bottles , 8 oz . it's easy to use once you read the manual . i use it everyday , sometimes twice .
my twin granddaughters have reflux and the medication is horrible tasting ... these are so helpful in getting them to take their medication . definitely recommend !
perfect for airline traveling ! however wheels would have been nice ! but i went with the cheaper one so my fault !
these make bottle cleaning and heating near effortless . my precious baby isn't nearly as gassy either . these are a godsend .
worked perfect and she looked so cute :) nice material , held up well . easily washable . what else can i say ...
these are super cute , but paint chips or little wicker chips fall off regularly . there is always white residue under the baskets for me to clean up .
this is one of my kid's favorite toys . it never gets old and she still loves it after 8 months .
booster works perfectly for my 6 year old . i love the latch system , the color and the drink holder . perfect !
this bag kept my son warm during the winter months and is made of high quality materials . no color fading or pilling was noted after many washes .
it works . what else is there to say ? it's a foam wedge that helps to move the radian up so it doesn't brace againts the front seat .
daughter-in-law loves the size . it is very soft and made well . it will be great when your hands are busy and comfortable for the baby .
i got these and the bumkins . these fit better , are easier to put on and don't wick moisture to the outside when the diaper gets full .
what else can i say ? they don't leak . cute colors , easy to clean ( top rack of dishwasher ) . no complaints here .
bought this for my daughter as a second swing . she absolutely loves it . no problems with it what so ever . well worth the money .
tremendously soft ! still fits the 3 " mattress after washing . beautiful bright white , and so soft . this is a really nice portable crib sheet .
this adapter does exactly what it is advertised to do , has been great for us . no complaints , i would recommend this product .
my son's pt recommended we get these feet rattles and i thought the colors would be good but the rattle isn't very loud so didn't keep my son interested
this changing pad cover is super soft and super cute ! i washed the pad cover and kept its softness and fits my chaning pad cover great .
i didn't like the shape of these the babies r us clothes worked better and roll up small these were a bit thick for me .
i didn't find these pads very comforting when i started nursing . they were quite difficult to use and didn't last long .
not crazy about this product for a lot of reasons . the fabric is scratchy and threadbare , and fits the mattress poorly .
my 3 moths old child loves this projection mobile . he watch and listen this mobile and calm down till falling asleep
it's a great product - it's nice to get a package of 36 and not 10 or 20 which can happen .
very light weight and waterproof , by far the easiest mattress to handle . high quality and from the mattres leader sealy .
it looks great , very sturdy and not hard to assemble . 1 screw was missing though but we were able to buy it from lowes .
our pediatrician told us to return this item due to the item being a danger to our child and bad for his physical development .
i did not like the quality on these products and returned them . they did not feel as soft as expected .
each segment is about 1 table spoon . easy to freeze and get out of the tray to store in a ziplock bag
this fan was great while we were using it , but we soon found that we had to replace the battery with every car trip .
i love anything naturepedic - great quality , fits our naturpedic crib mattress well , washes well , and keeps baby warmer in the winter .
this stroller rocks , light and easy to use , fold nicely and works good with the separate car seat adapter , highly recommend this to others
minha filha come frutas com ele desde os 4 meses e adora e nao se afoga . facil de limpar e bem bonito
nice large bag but it got a small tare in it on only the 2nd use . thicker material is needed
love this sheet the velcro on the bottom is neat holds it on the mattress and then the mattress down in the bottom of the bassinet . great product .
these are hard to come by where i live . they were shipped fast and are great . the price was amazing and couldn't have been happier .
this thing is huge .. didn't use it yet . well , i guess it will fit lots of toys :) ) )
great for newborns . feeding infant cereal now and these go well with the bottles that hold formula in the dispensers
i got this blanket as a shower gift . it was monogrammed beautifully . super soft . great for any baby . very cute
great blankets . loved 3 out 4 patterns in this set . these blankets are worth every penny and get lots of use . makes a great shower gift !
best jogging stroller ever . easy to use , comfortable for the jogger and baby , and adaptable with our car seat . love thisroduct !
love both my pads so far . this wad the cheapest i could find them and i got 2 and they are awesome
i love this bin ! we use it for bigger toys in the corner of our baby's room . fun design and fits our theme well .
just what i was looking for for my 14 month old . works great on our swing set . he's very comfy in it .
great quality and easy to use . they look great in photos . i would recommend to anyone who wants to see the progress for the kids first year .
baby enjoyed having frozen foods in this cute feeders while she was teething . a must for the hot summer months .
i like that it can go on a car seat , stroller . or over the play pen . the baby likes the crinkly toys and spinning wheel .
los productos avent son los mejores para darles biberon a los bebes , son de muy buena calidad y excelente precio , siempre recomiendo esta marca .
the lever that allows you to remove the tray gets stuck so you cannot remove the tray . i would not recommend since this seems to becheaply made .
i purchased these for my new baby girl's closet . this was the perfect tool to get organized . i would purchase again !
these blankets were on a baby registry for a friend , so i gave them a shot and she seems to love them !
bought this as a gift for my sis in law . her baby loves it and uses it all of the time .
my son has not noticed them yet but i think that they are cute . vibrant colors and retro sea creature shapes .
if you are buying this to place in your child's playpen , playyard , pack in play ( whatever you call it ) it will not be wide enough
this is a wonderful product that we use every night with my daughter . wash after wash , this sleep sack has stayed really nice .
i like the scissors and the clippers , both work well . the emery boards are way to rough , instead of being a fine grain for baby nails .
i keep one of these in our diaper bag , the handle on our car seat is too wide for it to hook around
these never slip down the bars of my city mini gt . very happy with them . would recommend to someone else .
memory books are great for years to come . helps us track our milestones and capture great memories along the way . nice book with good layout .
just like i said in the title , this is a soft cover . it is easy to clean . it's a soft pink color .
before placing them back into the bottoms of your bottles or they will leak . same goes for the bottom of the bottle that these things go into .
bought this as a diaper cake topper and it worked perfectly . it's a cute taggies toy that came as advertised .
it just doesn't seem to hold what i want it too . its too small for my pump stuff , or the holes are too big .
the metal part doesn't stick out too far like the others and the string attachment is much stronger than others
it's easy to set-up this playard . quality is quite good but there's always room for improvement . i'm happy with the purchase .
it did it job . it kept the bottles and food cold . but i wish it was a little deaper . other than that i really liked it .
bought these to help keep our 8 - month-old safe .. very curious with outlets and cords ! ! easy to install .. easy to remove .
they don't seem very sturdy , but they serve the intended purpose . not something to write home about , but useful still .
nice colors , light weight , shades my baby's face exactly as a hat supposed to.will get the larger one soon , since those little heads grow fast ! )
this cover is so soft and the fact that the cover has holes that allow for straps to be used is a plus !
most freezer teethers freeze little hands ... not this one , and actually easy to handle , the ring is flat and silicon .
exactly the same as the more expensive changing pads at the baby stores . it is soft , durable , and we are pleased .
perfect addition to our tiny love bouncy seat . my girls love the colorful accessory and are captivated by it ! good quality . shipped on time .
perfect for our needs , especially in limited space . we plan to use for as long as possible . i am completely pleased with the quality and features .
these are cute and easy to use and they are very inexpensive too , so these were the perfect solution for us
my daughter used this , from 1 week old 6 pounds to now at 6 months 15 pounds , she still fits .
love these , my daughter loves them too ! very easy to use and make lunches fun . will definitely buy more soon !
these are easy to store , easy to get up on the windows , and work well . everything you would expect in this product .
this fox bin is both adorable and functional . my daughter loves dumping out all of her toys that live in this bin .
it is so lovely that my baby loves it so muchwell made and no harmful and strange smellsit is quite good
these are ok . i'm not really enthused with them but they serve their purpose . it's nice that they're flushable , but i'm just not impressed i guess .
can't recommend this enough . i had a horrible case of thrush . this was the only thing that helped me honestly .
very useful ! it a must to have ! don't worry about to clean the bathroom at any public place , it could resolve any emergency .
they thought about the little things that would make this better than the competition . kept the price reasonable . very happy .
our son loves them . the forks are a bit blunk and better for smaller kids , but the spoons are excellent and can't beat the price .
nice product very helpfully and strong frame , very comftable . we believe in this products if we need more we do not hesitate to buy another one .
i bought this pillow for my baby . the bee pillow looks cute , the colors are bright and it's soft and cozy . love it .
son wasn't interested in freddie until he was able to use his hands . now , at 4 months , it's his favorite toy .
good one for my baby boy cant wait to try it so my baby dont scratch him self thank you
has a very strong odor , that didn't go away after weeks of airing out . and my baby couldn't have cared less about this toy .
we have purchased a few of these towel sets for our children over the years . they wash well , wear well and are very cute .
great toy for baby . we use links to attach to the carseat , then just detach it when we get home . this toy gets lots of use .
this diaper stacker looks great hanging on our wall and it holds a good amount of diapers . the design is cute , and the product is well made .
keeps the wipes moist and compact . fits very well in our diaper bag . the only downside is it is a little on the heavy side .
i got a set of clown fish and a set of frogs . they look very cute in the bath tub and stay put very well . highly recommended
my baby loves this pacifier , i have tried him with others which he struggled with but this one fits well and does wonders when he is fussing .
good stroller but the handles are really short and im only 5 ; 4 ' and i have to ben to push it . otherwise its ok ..
these charcoal filters work well in my nappy pail so far . we're a month in and haven't had any " stink " issues yet .
this is a great idea and i used it with my baby on and off for 3 months but he's just not into it .
bought this for our newborn even though the mattress itself is waterproof , i thought we'd give him that extra protection . it's soft .
these are the best bottles on the market right now and i would recommend them to anyone who bottle feeds .
very nice bath set for kids whi love dora . i kind of do not like how they float but kids like them anyway .
i ordered this for my son's jungle themed nursery , and i love it ! it's super soft , and coordinates very well with the theme .
i think you have to like this toilet trainer . it's comfortable , reliable and easy to clean . this is a better model than many alternatives .
great mirror . does seem to move a bit while driving though so i do have to re-adjust it every so often , which is my only complaint .
easy to set-up , light , and seems comfortable to my baby . overall a winner since the price is a fraction of other recommended products .
i bought this for my 2 month old grandson . a couple others in my area said it is great for physical exercise for babies .
my daughter loves this book and reviewing all the pictures of her friends and family . it's great way to keep faces of far away people familiar .
very happy with our crib . was best buy recommended by baby bargains book - last edition and the current 2013 edition . got this for a great price .
we love it ! my only complaint is that it's a pain to clean because of the texture on the front .
works great and fits in the kitchen perfectly . only thing is that it doesn't really drain , the water kinda sits there .
so so soft and seems to be pretty stain resistant . our little guy has pooped on it a few times and it's come out each time .
i think we were expecting more from this product . it looks like a plastic ball you would get at the dollar store .
runs very large . my daughter will be in first grade by the time she fits in this . i followed the size guide .
just what i wanted , though a bit thin . price can't be beat . i have bought several and am still using a year later .
our 8 month old loves this ball . it's easy for him to grab with his tiny fingers and shake it all about .
she wouldn't take a pacifier before and was starting to suck on her fingers a lot ... this has been great . she loves it !
muy buenos , calidad increible.hermeticos , freeze la leche y se mantiene muy bien.esta bueno que uno pueda poner la fecha .
super cute and keeps the sun out of my baby boys eyes . would like to order another as a spare .
simple ! love it . love the high back and the front lift . very good price
the material is very nice , very cute , i love everything.and you can have the message in many language so i love that !
this is a great gate . very sturdy and easy to open . i will definitely get another one if i need one for my other rooms !
super duper soft and washes really nicely ( icky things get on here and it ’ s still snow white and so soft ) .
do not leak ! ! ! wow easy to wash 18 month baby loves them , i love them because they don't leak . would order agian
its a good pump but it didn't work to good for me , it gets a little frustrating pumping sometimes .
nice hard plastic folds into 4 and has the handles witch are great for little kids . glad i got this one and not a light plastic one .
best bibs , they fit perfectly and they wash so easy , after a lot of washibg they start to fade but for my babies are the most comfortable
these are super soft and adorable ! ! ! another plus is they can keep your baby entertained in the car which is always a plus ! ! !
my son loves to brush his own teeth with this ! it is easy for him to hold and very soft .
cute design and my grandson could grab and manipulate it well . durable , later became toy . would buy again as gift
bought these for going to the pool . worked well and held up decent . in all good product for the money .
was delighted and excited to find that gerber still provides waterproof pants / diaper covers for mom's that choose to use cloth diapers . thank you so much .
doubled play space . hate that the lack of color choices . it's the exact quality of the rest of the gate .
as all other mustela products that we use.this one goes well after bath and for daily massage.very gentle , makes the skin soft and silky .
this carrier really comes in handy when out and about with my little one . i research before buying this item and amazon had it the least expensive .
i have never had any problem with it . it warmed up the milk fast and to the right temperature . easy to use
i bought for my grandson and he loved it . on-time delivery , very good product , and i liked the price . i recommend the seller .
easy to fill , but it holds much less than it says it does . i think the pouches should hold what they advertise .
a little wide between the legs for my narrow baby but does its job well , overall a good cloth diaper
my son really enjoys sitting in the walker and , once he can walk , will really enjoy scooting around . he is only 6mo now .
the teething bracelet is cute and is just as described , but my daughter wasn't interested in chewing on it . she does chew on the teething necklaces .
it was a great gift for a baby shower and half the price as in the store . wish the packaging was a little better though .
i love all the comotomo products . i only use their bottles . my son loves this teether . it's easy and does the job .
i bought for my daughter , who is expecting baby and she loved it . very colorful and very beautiful . on-time delivery and very good price
great item . baby sleeps well on it . not too hard , not too soft . just right would recommend to family / friends . love it
very easy to assemble and can not wait til my son is able to sit up on his own to sit in it
this product did great help for my back when i nursing my baby , it really kill my backache and i strongly recomment it to every mama !
my baby is 6 month old.she start to eat solid food.good product , it's cheaper than other site . that's enough .
its a good product but the bottles leak in-spite of the travel lid . we use it daily for my infant .
what you see is what you get ... goes on easily , snaps open easily and prevents the little one from turning the stove knobs . no complaints .
very nice sheet . washes up nicely . nice brite color . purchased this as a spare sheet.would highly recommend this for the mini crib .
sturdy , thick hook that attaches well to our strollers . spring mechanism does not pinch skin . holds various items nicely within reach .
the baby loves these bottles with these nipples . a much better alternative to plastic ! and virtually unbreakable ! the flow is great too !
we just hang these off a clip on the stroller and go with some ice packs . we also have a bigger bulkier version , which we hardly use .
i have these on every floor in my house and in the diaper bag . they're nicely scented and a great value for the price .
i returned this baby bag because it was a very big bag but the quality is really good m m
keeps bottles from leaking . have never had any spills . always a great idea to have extra bottle parts on hand
my baby love this product front and back , he watches each and everyone , it facinates him and it keeps him occupied .
baby would fuss and cry to get out of this sling . ended up just putting it away and not using it .
i really wished they made these in a larger size . this size would be great for a newborn , but that's it .
this plate ( as well as bowl purchased separately ) has held up well through a year's worth of machine dishwashings . it is cute and durable .
hard to read mark , my son was not able to get any milk out of the nipple , the nipple squeezes in every time he sucks on it .
this seems like this would fit different size pads and it is very soft and the color was as shown .
these are tough and durable . they seem to be made of a thick rubbery material , not soft foam . they're great !
this is good for piece of mind , but mine kept slipping off . it doesn't work well with cloth diapers . oh well .
my sister loves these blankets and would definitely recommend this . i'm waiting to see how my niece looks in them .
baby loves to chill on this . its great for tummy time and also used to hold baby while breastfeeding or bottle feeding .
i use this everyday at bath time . we have a small place and this also adds some storage for soaps or toys . :o)
we seem to never have enough of these secure-toy straps . we have 2 on each stroller and 2 on the car seat . they're great !
love this , the small stuffed animal helps paci stay in place and acts as a toy and a soother all in one .
this is a good training cup that my toddler loves to use . i also like that she can't chew the spout like some of her other cups .
first time parent very nervous about clipping nails , this was recommened to us from hospital and we love it , works so well ! !
this is so soft and my daughter seems to sleep very nice and comfortably with this sheet . and how could you not love the pink ! !
i do love this and was sooo thankful it came in a bigger size ! love it ! also love the organic fabric
this pacifier does not have a good shape for breastfeeding as indicated . my son will not use it and i was dissapointed when i received them .
this is worthless , no suction , and comes apart during use . don't waste your money . i would never recommend this to anyone
this breast pump works fine for me . without a hands free bra , its tiring to hold and pump . the tote bag it comes with is good .
we really love this car seat . we like the colors and it seems really durable . seems pretty comfortable for our toddler too .
love this devise , my son is 4 months and while he doesn't like me using it , its been great to pull out those little buggers !
bought two based on reviews and my infant never used and he went through a rough teething phase from 4 months to 10 months . very disappointed !
so far this works great and the suction cups are holding up very well . helps keep bathtub from toy overload
my son loves this ! he chews on this forever . it easy to attach to stroller , diaper bag etc . it's easy to wash .
one of the sides from teh time i received it always falls off the bathtub wall . i would buy new sticky pads , but keep forgetting .
love the pink color and the swaddling feature . it's soft and fits the pad perfectly . quick shipping as well . love to order more
my granddaughter just loves this little toy . its perfect for little hands and great for visual stimulation .
i bought this mirror for my car and really like it . i can see my baby perfectly from my rearview mirror .
never enough burp cloths ! ! got for my sisters baby shower in june ! ! i love the designs ! yet another great price !
these bibs are cute and functional . they seem well-made and are holding up to washing and wearing . the bright colors and girly-look are attractive to my toddler .
these were not worth the cost . these were not particularly helpful for me and made my already enlarged breasts look ridiculous .
sometimes these bottles leak from the bottom of the ring . considering the amount you pay for these bottles , these bottles should not be leaking .
nice well made insulated cups . my son handles them very easy . comes with a valve to help protect further against spills .
we use a lot of burp cloths and these exceed any others we've found . super absorbent and made in the usa .
we started using this at 4.5 months . in conjunction with more tummy time , we have seen improvement in baby's flat head .
stick well , lasted a couple months in great condition and still going strong . good quality product when you've got little ones running around !
very nice and spacious . my daughter loves it ! enough compartments to put all her school stuff . haven't used the lunch section but it is spacious too .
carters easy fit jersey crib fitted sheet are great sheets at a good price . fits the crib mattress perfectly but can be a little snug just after washing .
i bought this for cold winter weather . it is very soft and has washed well , my 1 1/2 year old loves it
graco literider stroller , pasadena is great . it is a gift . my cousin loved it . i had the same one , works great .
kids love snuggling these and they are adorable . easy wash and easy to keep track of the paci with a wubbabun attached
this was ok for vacation , but is not secure and made me nervous having my 1 year old in this at the table ...
i have had this camera for some time now and have had no issues with it . came in the mail fast needed a seconded camera and it's wonderful
we have these on a few closet doors and it works as expected . the kid cannot open the door no matter how much he tries !
i love this product , it's great for on the go , the only downfall is that it's difficult to open sometimes .
it's ok . the u shaped pillow is rather small . it's really not useful for a baby that has difficulty holding itself up .
our niece loved these , so it was the first go-to for our baby girl and she loved them as well !
looks just like the pictures , it is good quality , it is as describe , but for my own taste it is smaller than what i was thinking
it is such a nice soft teething toy . works for cute little handling toy . great teething babies . i love it !
i wish this bib was a bit bigger . it's not that easy to wipe off - need to wash it so overall i would skip buying this again
so far my son doesnt have any issued with this nipple ! they are very durable and doesnt cause any leakage ! :)
fairly easy to clean , but really works well and purees well . sometimes difficult to get it to lock into the machine , takes a few tries .
have been using it for 5 months and it looks as good as new . fits my ikea changing table perfectly .
okay , not my favorite teething product but not worth my time to return either . i would keep looking if i were you .
these are great and durable but the part that goes up against the back of the seat could be longer .
this helps my daughter with tummy time she laughs and talks to her reflection ! very cute ! the only downside is that she tips it over .
these are such a great idea but they need to snap close so your not spilling them when you go to put them in the fridge .
works well . no issues with multi room connections . can hear the baby noises fairly clearly . obviously not hd quality but good .
love the feel of this . much better than the rough terry fabric seen on most changing pad covers . my baby notices the difference .
these are great for teething kids . we make fruit puree , veggie puree , and even breastmilk popsicles and they are great for little sore gums .
these are awesome for my drool-y guy . he loves to suck on the straps on my ergo and it saves washing the carrier .
these are the best wipes ! they are larger than any others i have used and are very soft . i love the colors as well , very vibrant !
great cup , so easy to hold and carry , nice thick straw that closes up for sanitary reasons . i love all things oxo tot ! ! !
love it , fit great , comfortable , my toddler loves it , and smells good . great quality for the good price .
i use it for my arms reach bassinet and it fits great . the blue is the typically baby boy blue , just what i was looking for .
it's great looking , but only after a month and half the paint came off ... so it looks a bit worn already ... but good besides that .
i got this and haven't really used it yet , i think it will come in handy for teeters and little toys .
bought this for my daughter to use with our new grandson and she says that they work great . she's happy with them so i'm happy with my purchase .
the nosefrida works so well on clearing my baby's nose . it comes with spare filters , so you may want to wait to buy these .
my baby loves her toothbrush ! it was also great for teething since the handles were perfect for baby to hold .
perfect when baby is still drinking a lot of milk from bottles and you have to travel a lot . good value .
perfect weight , has held up to daily use and washed at least once a week for the past 5 months + .
this toy is super cute but it barely moves in the water . i had thought it would zoom ! but this is not the case .
the stool can be adjusted to two heights . it also stores alot of toiletries . i would recommend this .
i actually like this sippy cup . no spillage , has handles . doesn't seem too hard to suck for child . easy to clean .
beautiful pattern for a baby girl ! it didn't fade after washing and kept its form after putting in the dryer .
they are small and doesn't cover the entire window as a result you still get sun rays inside the car .
i love it , very nice and practic wipes dispenser , excellent item to have when you have kids ! i love it
i love it and so does my 6 month old . this is a great toy . he creeps after it and it keeps him busy for a while
this is a cute diaper bag for dad that will not make him feel like he is carrying a diaper bag !
i was looking for glass bottles for a breastfed baby and these fit the bill . i am very happy with my purchase .
bright starts clack and slide activity ball . i got this for my nephew and he seems to like it . he is 5 months old
this photo album is super cute and worked perfectly for my baby girls newborn photos . inside pages have cute decorations .
very cute and convenient diaper bag . it has several pockets so you can organize your diaper bag easily i purchased the diaper pouch to match the bag
the tubing was a match with my medela breast pump . it was easy to install and functioned without a hitch .
have not used it yet because baby is still on milk . but according to the video it looks like that it is a great product .
it is the perfect complement for babybjorn travel crib . my grand son will soon use it for the first time in his life .
best thing on the market better than those swaddles i never liked them at least i know my son is comfortable has room to move his feet around in .
my daughter requested and received . perfect ! ! this product is used by all her friends and they all love them . !
these are great . they are easy enough for adults not to battle through the security and for toddlers not to open the cabinets .
these worked great for a while , but our 12 month old was able to rip them off . i wish they would provide additional adhesive .
functionality is okay but they are too small for my 11lb baby and she wriggles out of the pink straightjacket . what a little darling .
the mirror always moves . we try to secure it , but then it seems to move again . not impressed with this product .
i like the outlook . very cute . but it is too heavy for being dropped and throwed to the ground , which babies often do
this is the best add on ever ! i use it on my baby jogger city mini stroller ! works great ! and the price is right !
my 5th baby hates cold wipes so i got this . wow does it work well . such toasty warm wipes for sure . i would buy again .
mirror quality is good and just right for the back windscreen . remember to securely lock the mirror and you have an excellent product .
these containers are so great that i bought two of the larger sets and then wanted another of the smaller sets to keep the homemade baby food in .
this basket is made well enough - not exceptional , but fine . bedding is kind of thin .
the babies probably didn't need these , but i felt better and they were useful when the diaper leaked overnight . glad that they make them .
good space for all of your baby items . put together very well . would purchase again but doubt we will need to due to its durability .
bring this in the car seat and your child will be entertained . lots of sounds and activities in a compact design . works great !
get one of each and see what you like . less plastic with the contact and it stays on just a good .
these have been nice , convenient and easy to use on our changing pad . we'll be getting some more . i'd recommend these to others .
good quality clothes , good fabric , the size is right . i highly recommend it , for the price it is a very good bargain
this is a nice " mattress " for a tiny baby , but it seems a little light-weight . a slightly more dense cushion material wouldsupport baby more firmly .
this cute little whale has definitely saved our kid from a few incidents . i would buy it for any expectant mother .
wife uses these every day several times a day before she pumps breasted milk . excellent product for the price very very good .
i like the water proof material and have replaced the one that came with my skip hop diaper bag with this .
i've always loved this brand of bibs . lightweight and waterproof ; you can just rinse them and hang to dry . love these bibs
i like this rattle since it is easy for my 4 month old to grip and shake . the colors on it are great to stimulate his brain .
good base , good price . graco click connect has its issues ... i would suggest not buying the click connect set up .
if the cover didn't slip off of the faucet or if my toddler wasn't able to pull it off easily , i suppose this faucet cover might work well .
cute and inexpensive but material is cheap--cloth is too thin , and it's poorly made ( seams were loosening up already prior to use ) . wouldn't buy again .
sophie is super cute and great for teething babies . but let's face it , she's all the rage and all the cool babies have one ;)
very interesting idea ! the wells have a very good movement , it is sturdy and light in weight , but it can be tricky to close sometimes .
work great and have em on every door . all tho it seems to have taken my husband quite a while to put them up ...
i don't think that i could have rode my daughter in my car without having this . amazing ! recommend to anyone ! !
this this for the diaper bag is the best thing ever ! i loved it . i even ordered it in another color so i have two .
got this on sale & it works great ! i keep it next to me at night so i feel like baby is still in the room .
great quality , exactly as described , haba is a great company . i'm not afraid to let my little chew or suck on this rattle .
this nibbler with cap is very beautiful.my duaghter like it very much , this is very facilityi love it , so.you should buy it
my grandson ( 5 months ) loves the parrot's nose to chew on . the bottom ring is easy for him to grab and manipulate the toy .
we love the multiple features of this and how baby can use this from birth - toddler years . very easy assembly and very well made .
good quality and my daughter loves this thing . she doesnt like sitting in it for too long but will stand and bang on it and dance around .
light weight , small , easy to hold and liquid free teether ... and safe too . our 6 mo old w / two bottom teeth loves it !
thinks this is ' their ' piano since dad plays keys too ! nice to have other things going on to stimulate tactile grips & curiousity -
like the idea , just took some time for my son to get use to the cup itself . works well for younger toddlers too .
cheaply made and not ideal for chidlren who are going to be self-feeding since they are easily bent / broken and not much fits on the surface
this item is big enough for the changing pad , but probably not big enough for a mattress . they wash nicely , no tearing or shredding thus far .
bought it for a shower gift , but thought it was cute . it gonna go real good with all of his monkey stuff . thank you
our son hates having the sun in his eyes - this solves that problem ! now we enjoy our walks / runs together in the stroller . thanks solarsafe !
gotta love avent bottles because they keep excess air out of babies tummy and that makes a happy colic free baby !
this mirror is ok . the only issue i have with it is that it keeps falling down and will not stay upright on my cars headrest .
very cute and durable . great for infants at night because they are easy to find . my daughter is almost a year old and still loves hers .
cumbersome , too light to stick in one place even with anchor , no instructions . don't know if there are better ones out there .
my daughter-in-law loves it . i would not speak for her , but she used it a lot when the baby was born . good quality .
our infant loves this toy . we have used it on his car seat , and stroller . i would buy it for a friend as a gift .
this pad does not cover the entire basinnet mattress , however when centered covers where it matters . thick and absorbent , nothing leaks through .
specially since they are biodegradable , i wish i had known about them sooner . i've had no problems with them at all .
it is does exactly what it is supposed to do and that in itself is something wonderful as any parent with small children would know .
love the product ! the frozed baby food pops up easily with the silicon on the bottom . great portion for small feedings .
the blue light is pretty bright , but i like the action , the music and the sound effects . my baby seems to enjoy it as well .
my daughter requested this for her baby shower . nice bright colors so it will be easy to fine . seems to be good craftmanship .
great size for mini crib . makes the crib even more sturdy . nice firmness and comfort for baby . she sleeps great on it .
i love the cups , but i need a boy color got a pink one . so i put some stickers on it and he loves it .
i received these as a gift and love them ! they're big enough to catch all of the food but best part is the food stains come right out !
so far so good , it helps with poo diapers . i don't like the flash em but its easier to clean up
i purchased this for my first grandson . he's almost two and it is still i good shape ! highly recommend !
very inexpensive for so many rings ! convenient entertainment and chew toy , have a few of these in every room . easy to wash .
only paci that my 5 week old will use - great that it glows , really helps at night . love it !
doesn't stick well to brick as it was advertised . had to use gorilla tape to help it stay up . looks nice though
super small . i got the medium so i am wondering how big the size large is . the medium is the size of an 8x11 piece of paper
i use for bottle nipples as well perfect for a diaper bag . safer than using baby wipes . great product and price
the tape that comes with this has backing that is impossible to remove . fortunately for us we have our own tape .
i love this for my boon lawn ! makes a great drying piece for the bottle accessories ! i will probably get another one in white !
very useful product - highly recommend it . we use it on the twins stroller , and it makes it so much easier when we're out & about .
love this fitted sheet it looks and fits great and the pattern is awesome for hiding any stains . so far it hasn't shrunk or fallen apart .
cheap . does not clean up spit up all that great . they are cute and soft however ... just spend the money and get some good ones !
life saver ! easily fits onto almost any pacifier and has a good clamp . good color to identify . easy to clean . safe for kids.aaa + + +
used them for wiping mouths and everything in between . they work great . i'd def recommend these to someone looking for this type of blanket .
my sister has this changing pad , so we knew it was an awesome buy . i would definately get this for one of my girlfriends for a gift
didnt fit properly on my stroller and the material is not of desirable quality . .. its all polyester which was not great for my baby . i prefer natrual fibers
leaks alot and not worth it . we bought this to stay away from plastic and it is a great looking bottle but just leaks all over the place .
nice and soft once they're washed . the elastic is a little tight which makes the corners of my bassinet mattress scrunch up but it's not too bad .
purchased this for my son when he was about six months old . he loves sitting in it . keeps him entertained and safe .
how could i not love a teething ring made in the usa ? ? i personally don't want my baby using a teething ring made anywhere else !
good sheet for the pack n play . it is a little rough in terms of texture so we put a flannel blanket down with baby as well .
turns any size blanket into a breastfeeding cover . i have some muslin blankets that are oversized and with this thing it makes a great lightweight cover .
baby likes them . cute , nice noise . docked a star because i can't throw in the washing machine .
i cant wait for my baby to use this ! its so colorful and has a lot of neat toys ;)
these stickers look so cute on my baby ! the stick to his onesies perfectly and are very clear in the pictures !
these come extremely handy for little ones who love to toss things . it will save items from going to the ground and getting dirty .
this takes a little patients as you try to adjust it in place , but it straps on quickly and holds firmly .
this is good for travel and for emergencies no time for clean bottles i got some at the hospital but needed more .
this only provides basic to support to the very side of the belly , nothing to help with the rest or the top .
very soft and perfect for our little girl ! great price and quality which is important since they don't stay little long !
inexpensive . perfect little bath time toys . my son has had these well over a year and he still uses them during bath time play . no complaints .
wow ! this fits the maclaren perfectly ! finally my husband gets his cup holder ! easy to install and seems pretty sturdy . great product .
had to order a new battery because the one that came in the snuza was depleted when i got it . the alarm would sound for no apparent reason .
good extentions goes perfect with the friendly toys playzone with sound and lights makes playzone bigger . i like this addition .
all this lunch boxes are great , i bought many as gifts and was very happy with my purchase . the quality and designs are lovely .
this is a very pretty and well make romper . however , i found that it runs a little big . l l
easy to put together.my granddaughter loves this thing ! she's now into zooming :) sturdy . baby girl turns this thing on a dime . highly recommended .
bought this for my 10 month old grandson . he doesnt seem interested maybe he is just getting the concept yet of stacking the blocks .
they break easily ( never ask a man to fill these ) ! you can't put them in the microwave to unthaw . useless .
neither of our twins , both 9 & 11lbs will fit in this - they are just too small . pity . will stick with my bjorns .
these have been a lifesaver with a teething baby . i only wish it stayed cold longer . it provided a lot of relief to my daughters gums !
nice and compact good to use when my grand babies come over for a visit.on occassion , they have slept in it
found that it's not very secure with just the seatbelt securing it as a booster seat . also , cup holder falls off easily .
i received a bowl with elmo on it . that is where the similarities end ... good price , and my son likes it .
these covers are very soft and nicely designed . they're still in good shape after a few washes - very good quality .
i like that these are 5 oz instead of the normal 4 oz bottles . hold up very well after many washes .
i am not completly convinced these necklace work but i am still using it hoping it will help with teething .
i was expecting something much larger than this . had i known it was no larger than a child's lunch cooler , i wouldn't have gotten it :-(
these are a great value , but they do soak through rather easily . if you leak a lot , i recommend getting a brand that's heavier duty .
we use this to clean all our cloth diapering items . the detergent works well especially when the diapers are soaked , and the smell is very subtle .
we use this all the time . it is very soft and i have peace of mind knowing that it is organic .
we bought these but switched out of cloth diapers before the baby got to solid food . still it seemed like a good idea .
we love these cloths . they are very absorbant and easy to clean . cute design on the trim so they don't look too much like cloth diapers .
these are fun utensils and they are easy for our toddler to use . she frequently asks to use these if she has a choice !
this was really cool .. it has helped so much in my little girl's closet . makes it easier to find the size she is right now
makes storing left - over formula or water to use for formula easy in the bottle . i always use one for each bottle when i'm on the go !
great buy for the price . i used these as burp cloths and use them for wiping baby's face . handy to have around . great price .
true color ( it's a pale sage green ) . very soft and fit the standard changing pad perfect . we are very happy with the purchase .
for the first b-day lady bug themed party this rocks , it is cute and protects the floor from frosting . i like it .
i love this ! the image is great , the sound is great and it is light weight and trustworthy . a real must-have !
i'm in love with this car seat . is really spacious . ( heavy ) but once installed it does not move at all .
this may be my daughters favorite switch-a-roo . she loves lights and music . we also bought the spiny fish and chewy fish .
now my baby girl can eat ice cream in a safe way . these pops have the perfect quantity so there is no too much
i really like these bibs . they are cute and functional . they wipe off very easily . i would buy these again .
loved using this when making baby food . the bottom / storage part is real flexible and super easy to use .
love these straps ! holds toys , bottles , or cups so they don't hit the floor when thrown . they last along time too .
i was somewhat disappointed that brush bristles weren't softer , but otherwise , the set was fine . comfortable handles and nice color .
unfortunately the top of the brush began to rust . we had to throw it out and buy a different one .
this is perfect and now goes with the padding we have purchased for the twins … . i purchased two of these to be able to change as needed .
we love this cup ! it works great & never leaks ! would buy 10 of them ! my 15 month old figured it out quickly and loves it .
i bought these for my daughter and son-in-laws cars for my granddaughter . my granddaughter just loves her new big girl seat . great seat !
this is very poor quality even for the price . ordered it for a donation drive i was doing and felt embarrassed gifting it .
these bottles always worked out for my daughter . easy cleanup with the bags , and less gas . she's down to just her night time bottle now .
we have limited storage so this works great & fits in the sink perfectly . never have a problem with leaking either .
it has many compartments and i really like that . need a place for all my son's toys and gadgets when we travel .
smaller than our last pack n play , but lightweight and convenient . great product for the price .
i bought this for the gazillion stuffed animals that breed daily in this house . works nicely and keeps them together .
me gusta mucho la marca graco sus productos son muy buenos y este corral es demasiado practico para la playa y todo
this is the ameda 4 pack and is what the wife was using already . it is a quality product and i would suggest it to others .
these were an excellent pacifier choice from the many different choices out there . they lasted long and the babies loved them .
our baby loves the vibration on the rocker . he is just 4 months old so i think he will really like it as he gets older !
this item will help you to read during pumping . you hands will be free , so you will be able to relax .
i love lamaze products , they are super fun and entertaining for babies . this book is lovely ! my baby loves it
my little girl loves these . she enjoys shaking them and chewing on them as well . a great investment on my part .
it is super easy to slide onto faucet . it stays in place . my son loves to play with it . a good value for the cost .
the design of the gym is really awesome but the center flower malfunctioned after two days and the quality is poor .
my baby usually loved to look at this . its easy to install and does the trick . never put him to sleep though .
i am a medela fan across the board . these fit just right . exactly what i needed ! breast feeding is the best .
this product is very helpful and i am able to stash more toys into it . folds with the stroller too ! highly recommend !
little hard to put together if you don't read directions . lol . but after that works great glad to have it .
my son has 6 of these and i tell every mom to be that they are a must . wouldn't buy any other brand .
these really work ! these hold on any style sock and the white color goes with everything . no more bare feet .
good thing i only bought one package because one pack had enough to cover all the outlets in my house .
amazing value for the price . the hamper is perfect for the babies room and looks expensive . highly recommended . the brown is a deep chocolate brown .
these look so cute in my nephews room . these go with the jungle babies theme . so cute and great quality
one of my faves , reminds me of blueberry cobbler , when he pees in his cloth diapers there's a burst of blueberry :)
great product ! this makes it much cheaper for me to store powder formula to mix rather than purchasing ready-to-eat bottles from enfamil .
our boy loved this ball , would buy for a friend or baby shower for sure ... in the top 10 of his favorite toys
this product is alright . it blocks the sun but the suctions sometimes don't stick to the window and product will fall off .
great for sit down meals . still use the high chair for the messy stuff but he likes sitting at the table with adults .
easy to grip and fork tines are not too thick . my daughter loves to spin her spaghetti with these forks .
nice feel and grip for my son , slant of spoon is helpful ( compared to others ) for his learning to self-feed . cute colors .
good size wash cloths . i've washed them many times and the edges don't fray compared to other wash cloths i've bought . they are a good size .
this is one of my favorite all in ones for night time sleeping . easy to use , easy to clean and fits newborn wonderfully ( avoiding the belly )
i love these ! they're very comfortable and soft , and they work great ! i haven't had one embarrassing leaking accident ! love them !
poor suction . also took entirely too long to arrive . i bought several of these to keep at daycare and ended up not sending due to low suction .
met our expectations of quality , functionality and looks . we've washed it and it hasn't faded or torn in the 8 mths we've had it .
these were the best for spoonfuls of babyfood and cereal . we still use them and our son is almost two years old .
i got this for the new baby , i hope she likes it . i had one for my son he loved it while he could use it .
my kids arent too attached to these , although i consider them useful and a great buy . i would recommend this .
i like them . although i wish the temperature sensitivity was a bit faster ! i recommend this product ! seems to be durable .
this product has helped me keep my son's closet organized as he grows . now i can keep different sizes in the closet while staying organized .
bought these to replace the ones in bottles that have been in storage for a few years . seem to work fine .
i absolutely adore this . it is so soft and cute . i just know my new little one is going to love it .
i bought this for my friend's little boy . it is a very cute toy and the wings flap really well .
bought these spoons because they are great for feeding my grandson . they are softer so they don't hurt his mouth .
i love halos products , used their swaddles and now their sleep sacks . gives baby extra warmth but doesn't pose a suffocation hazard like a blanket
these rock . i used these for formula when i would send my baby girl to her grandparents for a day .
i love the new natural avent bottles . the classic avent bottles always seemed to leak . these new bottles are easier to hold and have fewer pieces .
the case fits just right & we love it ! i have dropped the monitor a couple of times & the case protected it well .
i love it if baby loves it . nothing like a plug to satisfy little sweetie when he's fussing , and this one seems to do the trick .
my son learned to crawl well because he keeps chasing them especially the hard plastic with rattle . the balls are perfect size for my son's grip .
these are so small in circumference that they were short lived.too little for 9 month old and my baby isn't even all that chunky
wish i had found this for my older child - we had another one that wasn't nearly as easy to access the drain lever . stylish and functional !
its in your hands make noisier time to fun time with toys . very nice , adjustable strings soft corners good quality
the sippy cup is great ! it really helps cut down on the spills and mess . our granddaughters love these and each one will have their own set .
i have already four of them in my pantry closet , they keep the food pouches organized . less clutter , more space ! great idea munchkin !
ergo is the best carrier our there . i wouldnt think of using any other brand . my son loves this . puts him right to sleep
so far , so good . pretty leakproof , unless turned upside down they will leak out the straw . top shelf safe for dishwasher .
these are very straightforward and slide sideways to prevent the closet door from opening . you will need to purchase 2 for a set of two folding closet doors .
i use these with better fit prefolds and they work great . they never leak and the velcro is high quality and very adjustable . glad i bought them !
is easy to use and clean . you can prepare yours fruits puré and soup very fast . is a good product .
i rarely use these . i usually wait until i have to to pull one out . they are too thin , i always end up using two . bett
this blanket is so .. so soft . its beautiful . have not washed it yet .
they do not stick ! ! ! great idea , but they dont work . i ordered 6 of them and none of them worked .
this is a cool little gadget , but my son always pulls it off of himself . not for someone with a curious little one .
totally great for saving breast milk you just have to add the nipples for feeding , so very easy and save space.avent rocks
this gate is so much easier to open than the other top-latch gate we have . i really like it a lot !
this power strip easily keeps my breast-pump plug secure . it also covered as well as the other plugs :) easy to use and sturdy .
this leaks - - formula from one compartment goes into the other compartments if the container is not kept flat which is a problem since formula measurements matter .
description says " natural , cotton " . item is made of polyester . pretty disappointed . returning this item , and looking for a natural alternative .
great for on the go , seemingly no residue if you allow to sit for 10 minutes , great packaging , trusted brand !
i am happy with these bags and the despenser . it is really handy to carry with you and takes up little space in the diaper bag .
my newborn loves these ! they are the perfect size and work wonders when you need a little peace & quiet !
they are great but lose shape over time with frequent washes . they also can be seen under clothing so i most , y wear them around the house .
i wish i ad gotten thus right away when i had my son ! they are super cute and easy to use .
i really like these caps . they fit the cheap bottles that are sold at walmart and don't leak . i couldn't ask for anything more .
i bought this one and another lamaze cloth book . they are both cute . my grandson seems to like them . i love the cloth books for infants .
a very friendly salesperson let us know that this tray fit the britax b ready ... she was right ! fits perfectly !
this really capture's my baby's attention , especially when it falls onto the floor and makes a crashing noise . would be great if the suction held .
maybe its my fault for not looking too much into it but didn't like that its four seperate pieces . other than that ... i like em .
it's kind of awkward , and it's difficult to get the tube to aim properly . i wasn't able to use it .
this has saved my baby from bumping his head on numerous occasions . goes well with our frog themed bathroom
i love that these bottles came in individual sterilized packages . they fit my in-style pump perfectly and reduces the amount of bottles i need to use .
we love this bed rail . it's very easy to set up . now i don't need to worry that my daughter might fall off the bed .
this is a very good product for girls . it's easy to use , fits well inside the toilet and my daughter has something to hold on to .
this has been a good product for us . it was a good price and it works well . i am currenlty using it for my second child .
i order several of these . they fit well on the dream on me mini crib mattress and they wash and dry well .
works great ! its the only one i've used so i can't compare it to anything else but it does the trick and has great pressure .
what a great banket . a cute and simple pink , yet warm and keeps my daughter snugthanks to halo for this !
bg liked this chew toy at 6mn of age and so did the dog so i am ordering another . no issues with it .
love this product ! we are a foster family and have babies in and out . very versatile for different babies needs . defiantly worth getting .
great product ! solid construction and stands well . our daughter ( 2 years old ) loves throwing her dirty clothes into it . very happy .
easy to use , but it feels really plasticky and stiff . not the best diaper but not the worst . good back up diaper .
she loves this ball . balls are her favorite toys and this is the only one i have found for the tub .
life saver with two kids close in age holds alot of weight husband wants one too lol . i use it ever where i go !
fun colors and no spills ! worth the price and then some , i will be purchasing more of these .
this was the first book i bought when i was pregnant ! my son , he is now 7 months loves it and he plays and chew it !
no complaints . works exactly like it is supposed to . easy to clasp on and doesn't leave any marks on the materials you clip it to .
plate and bowl are good but the fork and spoon are cumbersome for little hands . otherwise it is a good and cute set .
... and it does exactly what it says it will . makes the transition between breast feeding and bottle feeding seamless ( back and forth . )
very happy with the cover ! it looks great in the room and it is just so darn soft !
i bought this as a gift for my sister and she loved it ! she is so excited about this purchase !
i like this product , it supports well and fits different types of breast pumps . the fabric and zipper are made of quality materials .
this is a great potty to train toddlers about flushing.pros : - good size-gender neutural-fun to use-rewards the flusher with lights and noise-easy to cleancons : - none
maybe used these for 2-3 months before the spoon bite size was frustratingly small to feed the baby . the quality is really nice though and they are attractive .
love these ! i have several different washcloths , and these are the now the go-to ones . soft , and good sized . love , love them !
great capacity , just large for normal bags & wish it kept raisins & crackers fresh . they got stale after some time in the container
just what i needed . shipped fast . very satisfied with the product , right now moving towards sippy cups , good luck with that
best disposable nighttime nursing pads ! i love that these have 2 sticky adhesive backings so they stay out . very absorbent for overnight .
nice fit good and i will . by again . just at a cheaper price !
the material is soft but very thin , especially the washcloths . it's not super absorbent but will work for an infant who's not sopping wet .
easy to disassemble and clean . easy for baby to hold . it is as spill-proof as i would expect a sippy cup to be .
this small teether is very nice . child loves it and so does mother . easy to clean and very durable . we love it !
i bought these initially to use for snacks for my kids , but needed something to hold my dampened cloth wipes . i use these and they worked perfectly .
not as sturdy as i had thought it would be . works great though for potty training on the go !
we bought these for our 5 month old son . a classic . they are affordable and not " cheap " quality . great buy .
we have the older model without the rubber pop-up helper and better latch , and this new version as well . it is much improved .
nice set of balls for ya to play with , all sorts of textures and such . good quality , could be softer though
good mat . my son loves elmo . my only complaint is that when i wipe it , it shows scratches after a while .
this is not worth your money you cannot tie the ends down . you can only strap around the headrest in newer cars .
soft but a little on the thin side , still gets the job done ... baby doesn't seem to mind . holds up well in the wash .
quality materials , works as it is supposed to . follow the directions about swaddling and it doesn't come unwrapped . wonderful gift for a new mom .
nice looking belt it sure works for us fir those pants that are just a little bit too big and otherwise cant be used . thanks !
we were looking for something that easily opens and this has been working great . i think it's a good price and serves it's purpose for us .
horrible horrible system . wrote a long review on the listing of full monitor system .
it is a good value monitor and does basic things that i need . it is average quality but i am happy with the purchase .
out of all my diapers these have help up the most . 2 years , and currently 2 kids in diapers and they are still going strong
i wish the nightlight weren't as bright , but that's the only complaint i have . the projector works after a month of continuous use ( nightly ) .
my wife loves it . the only complaint my wife has is she wishes there were more " girly " designs . highly recomened .
a bit warm for summer but it is a great spring and fall blanket ! love the cream too . simple and neutral .
the mam x cut silicone nipple , 6 + months , 2 pack work really good it is easy to fit and easy for the baby
this item is perfect for babies . the handles are easy to grab and it entertains my daughter for a while ! her favorite rattle .
much smaller and thinner material than i thought when i purchased these . they are cheap , but they get the job done .
love this product it helps to keep the paci from going to the floor every time baby does not want it anymore .
i love this tub , it is very " girly " with pink sparkles . seems sturdy enough and fits perfect in my kitchen sink .
i should have held off on purchasing since the hospital will give me a pacifier but i see a whole lot of babies using this
wonderful quality , soft , and looks very cute too , with teddy bear design saves on sheet changes easily changed when needed to !
i love this blanket .. it's so soft and a great size for my little girl . i would definitely buy it again .
this is a great toy for tummy time , which is essential to infant development . portable , cute and practical
love love this pail liner ! the color is true , very pretty & the pul is high quality ! it is very large also
i'm sure this is a great tub if you were to use it . we never did . baby slip around too much .
this is a great wipe dispenser that is easy to use when the number two diaper strikes , we would buy this again .
we use this for home and travel . just pop it in the microwave and sterilize . good item .
cute , but very small . works great for my 2 year old but is too small for my 6 & 9 year olds .
i liked the color and the material really nice for my baby boy stuff when he get to be born
my one year old loves these ! they are the perfect size for him to grip and help him to start feeding himself !
this is a nice set . the carrying case is useful for bringing it places . the spoon is a little large .
this size of the fork and spoon are great for helping my little one learn self feeding ( with a lot of supervision ) .
while the setup for this cover is rather convenient , it doesn't fit on every piece that you want to put it on .
so soft and such a cute design but did not fit my oval shaped bassinet . material was too lose . not idea for baby safety
these do their job . they are a little difficult to pull out of the socket when you need to use it , but that's the point . :)
no complaints thus far . easy to use , smells great but have just started using it , so we will see !
my daughter is still too young to play with these blocks properly but she likes the sound they make when pressed .
hav been pleased with the playpen . have infant and three toddlers running around . able to keep infant safe while i cook ! easy to fold and store .
did not even come with adhesive and i had to end up nailing it in . never buying it again . so disappointing :(
very good for the price . i could adapted easily to my bottles . good choice to keep continue using the bottles that i already have .
can't wait to use on my newborn . just by touch and feel you can tell it is well made and with top quality materials .
soft and stretchy , liked it a lot more than my friend's moby wrap . gray color is beautiful .
this is a great size to keep the squeeze pouches in order . i purchased one for the fridge and one for the freezer .
fits well nice quality feel and color warm and comfy for babies i would reccomend to others friends and family to buy
towels are very thin and do not keep baby warm after a bath while drying them off because they get so wet .
i have no problem with this product . it is what it says it is . keeps my milk cool and fresh . came with an ice pack
i bought this for travel with a 7 month old . it was easy to inflate in a few minutes by myself and works perfectly . no complaints !
i really love this mirror . i especially like the fact that i can use it in the crib or for tummy time .
i love this product . it's great for the summer time , when it's sunny out and the sun light are in their face .
i use this to warm my breast milk on long trips . it is neat and compact and does the job .
got this to go with the south shore savannah collection changing table . it was exactly what we wanted . thanks amazon for a great price !
this little gadget will fit on most seats i guess it did on my oval seat . easy to use . easy to clean and can be taken anywhere .
it works but i expected it to be a different color , a bit more white , rather than beige . thank you
i love this . easy to use and i know that the temp is always correct ! glad i purchased this for my bottle fed baby
bought this for a dream on me playard mattress . fits nice and snug and it really is as soft as everyone claims it to be .
i really an disappointed with these . they didn't hold at all . i don't think they held for 24 hours . now i need something else .
i bought this for 10 month old daughter for her baby pool and she loves playing with it . its nice that the bugs float too .
this is a great change pad cover . it looks nice and it's durable . cleans easily and doesn't shrink after washing and drying .
this fits perfectly on a queen size bed and works perfectly . it's nice and sturdy too . it's a good price , and works great !
we use this everyday , its the best one on the market ! its still looks brand new and works really well .
so cute haven't tried them on the mattress yet though , but i bought these as a gift from my husband's nan
i love these blankets . they are so soft and easy to stuff into a bag to take with you . i should have bought another pack !
my daughter who is 3 months old just loves to hit this toy she likes it.the colors combination is good too .
we bought this item in preparation for a baby . the projections of the stars looks great on the ceiling and the turtle itself is very cute .
it fits all my bottles and does a good job . i don't really use the nipple cleaner though . i just use the brush end .
keeps water hot for hours , doesn't leak , travels well . i love this thing and use it to warm up milk and baby food whenever i travel .
if you don't want leave scrunch on your chair put something under neath . strong enough to kids to stand on instead of stool . ( not recommenced ... )
this item has a terrible mirror that presents a distorted fun-house type image . i'm so glad that i saw one in person before ordering it online !
need a mattress cover ? i would highly recommend this one . not to expensive and works great and is machine washable . you can'tbeat it .
nuk the baby is like a cup , the color is also very nice , the most important is the baby can contact grip , it is convenient
is perfect for my baby , the remote control is so usefull also when you are far form him , and the proyection on the roof is clear and perfect
these sheets are so soft and fit perfectly on the graco packnpaly on the go mattress . much higher quality and softer sheet than the packnplay branded one .
i think these are great and know that my daughter-in-law uses them regularly so they must be ok . m m
unless you have small nipples this doesnt work well . but can see how it could be more comfortable for some people .
the nipple doesnt stay on and i struggled to give my daughter medicine in it . poorly made product . i am saddened because it is a good brand .
excellent purchase and i would highly recommend others purchase this for their youngin's . it has a variety of sounds that help our baby sleep at night.highly recommend this .
this snack disk is perfect for throwing in the diaper bag . it does not take up much space and the snack items do not get pummeled .
i got this more as a pad since my little one started pulling herself up . it is very nice and fits well .
i have been a big fan of the nose frida i think its a must for all new moms . great deal on the filters and great quality .
couldn't pass these down from one baby to another because he played / chewed / drooled on them so much . would recommend to parents .
we had the backpack version before , but decided that having one with wheels would be a lot easier to travel with . indeed it was !
but it's fair of the price . since its thin , which makes it easy to pack and laundry.ideal to use for daycare nap on a cot .
the boppy pillow is definitely a must have for all breastfeeding moms . this cover doesn't fade easily even for several washes .
great crinkle toy for the babies . this was a constant toy when in the car for long rides . this may have started my son's love for elmo .
i ordered this product in the aqua but it looks way more blue then aqua . if i would have known i would have ordered a different color .
this works perfect ! i love how big it is and shades the baby from the side and from the top . it was well worth the m oney !
i bought two sets of these great little plates that don't stain , they have a smooth finish that cleans up easily .
my son enjoys this to drink out of and i enjoy the one piece clean up and no messy inserts .
works well for pumping . i had multiple sizes , at first i needed this size and then went down to the size below .
the juppy is a great baby walker . it is easy to use and comfortable for baby . it lets baby walk on their own with your help .
i use this every day and it works well , turns easily and is plenty of space to get everything out to dry .
awesome . looks great and goes with everything . covers baby and boobies ! can wear as an infinity scarf when not nursing .
this works great to steam bottles and nipples you can also steam pacifiers and teething rings , anything that goes into your babies mouth you can steam in here
before our baby could roll around in the cribs these were lifesavers ! we hardly had to change the crib sheet because she could stay on this .
i am very happy with this purchase as i am very impressed with the high quality this product is made of . i highly recommend .
these bibs look great in the picture and description but they do not work well with a highchair or booster chair . the are not soft and comfortable .
this was a fantastic way for our baby to be entertained while she was still on her back and not crawling yet . i highly recommend .
my baby loves these . good price on this product . same product you find in stores cheaper . would purchase again and again
this product is very strong and helps a lot when you go shopping with the baby in the stroller , :)
stays up fairly well . did need to take some of the heavier toys out . great to keep the toys up so they can dry .
good set of bowls , they take next to no space on our cabinets , colors are nice , and the lids close tightly so there's no spills .
product works well to keep phone and sunglasses etc handy . cup holder not great but we use to hold pacifier
they work well . they don't move , cover the whole day back and they protect my new car from dirty kid shoes .
we use it to reheat in microwave or package it to take with us ... keeps in refrigerator . perfect portions . highly recommend .
recommended by family and friends . best bottle around . no gas , great latching on to nipple of bottle due to nipple fit perfect and low gas
i chose this was the best due to the safety factors for the babythe good and sturdy construction and the colorful appealto the eyes for the baby
i had some problems with broken lasinoh bags - the honeysuckle are perfect , in my experience , no spills . sometimes hard to open though ...
very cheap compared to other places . the mittens are very convenient for small babies . my son grew them in in the 3 week .
for awhile this was hard to find . amazon had the best price . it is compact and looks nice on the changing table .
fits every pacifier we used , especially the newborn pacifier . straps well onto the clothes and keep the pacifier from falling on the ground .
these are easier to use than using stick pins because my little man wiggles and moves so much for diaper changes .
i looked at a few options before i choose this safe step . it is well made and very sturdy . only the best for my grandbabies !
we needed something to protect our brand new expensive sleigh style crib . this works great ! the baby loves the toys that hang on it .
very nice and warm swaddle blanket . i also love the fact that you can leave it on while changing diapers , it is very convenient
the frame is a bit larger than i imagined but it still very nice . i can't wait to use it !
cuddly and warm with an adorable cupcake design . the light turquoise color is a nice change from all the pastel pink most baby girls ' attire comes in .
easy to clean . very unique . no gas issues anymore . love how you can sterilize with its own cap in the microwave .
the pad is nice and thick with a waterproof covering and good non-skid backing . the boppy changing pad cover fits perfectly .
very soft ! it works very well for washing my daughter's hair even though she does not have cradle cap .
the person who invented this is a genius ! this is a wonderful placemat for babies and toddlers when dining in a restaurant . it's washable and extremely portable .
we've used thirsties since our son was 1 month old . love ' em . we pair with trifolds from a diaper service .
this fell off my wall after one day . you'll definitely need to nail it in for it to be secure .
these are great changing pads . they are large and thick and do the job well . i would definitely recommend them .
this is fabulous for making baby food . easy to use and clean and does a great job of grinding food .
work great for a burp cloth . they wash well . i have since ordered another set to have on hand . absorb very well .
i think it's too hard for plastic bottles . i was afraid it would make scars on bottles so stopped using it ...
this is a great idea for infants . the shape and weight of the toy helps keep the pacifier in place .
my daughter would not take , but i think it is simple preference , she gagged on about 4 different brands before i found one she would take
many of my other baby food spoons are too large / too deep . these are perfect for the 4-6 month sized mouth .
this mattress is extremely firm , fits in our crib snug with no gaps and has a waterproof covering . exactly what we were looking for .
i bought it for my son's pirate themed room . it's the perfect dark blue that we wanted and it seems pretty durable .
the brand luvable friends make the softest sheets , changing covers and towels . they are thin , but inexpensive and i think the quality is pretty good .
works well just takes up a lot of space on the top rack . still easier than handwashing all of the time .
these are very gentle on my nipple . even after there's some leakage , these never stick to me like other brands . i definitely recommend them .
nice pillow with good shape , it is very useful . i always lie down to watch tv , my husband love to use it too .
great quality . our baby likes it , we like it . does a perfect job keeping him from chewing on the crib rail .
this really helps us a lot to comfort my son . he likes it very much . it's really soft for baby .
great product to keep all of your bath toys near and dry . can't say more than great product ! will recommend it to any one with small children .
aden + anais makes the best swaddling blankets , and i learned that with my first child . i also really like this particular print ( diwali ) .
i returned them because they didn't cling onto the window smoothly . they had lots of air bubbles that wouldn't come out and it just looked so tacky .
these are just like the original snot-sucker filters . truly a strange product but one that when needed fits the bill .
i love the open close aspect of it . i only wish it had an inside small zipper pocket like the studio has .
this is easy for my son's little hands to grab and hold on to . he likes the rattle and it's very lightweight .
we use it as burp clothes and will not go back to anything else . soft and easy to wash and dries up fast as well
my son already has many avent products , these were bought because of the fun design . it's cute , fun and good quality .
i so in love with this changer ! so great ! ! ! i recommended to buy ! you love it . . very easy to use !
i received a sample of this through citrus lane with a box of other baby goodies . these are amazingly soft and gentle on baby .
very nice . just don't forget to wet the stay fresh pad every week . it will turn brown and dry up
fits my free style pump . i prefer to replace the tubing for subsequent babies for sanitary reasons . this is a good and quick source to replace .
purchased these to reduce cleaning time for pump accessories . hard to keep up with 2 kids and house to care for on top of constant pumping .
flow is just perfect for my 6 month old who is now impatient with slower flow nipples . these gerber bottles are great !
soft , pretty and work very well.my daughter even enjoys it when i brush her hair .
these are great . your child can play with them in so many different ways . an added bonus : they can be used to teach counting and colors !
nice quality , perfect bib for your baby . soft fabric and basic colors . super absorbent and easy to use velcro . a must have for new moms .
these utensils are perfect . the forks pointy enough to actually pick things up and the spoons are wide enough without being too wide . love them !
we wouldn't be able to go anywhere without these binky leashes . they are seriously live savers . we have two booginhead leashes and they're awesome .
bought this from babies r us in 2011 . my son loved it and its still in excellent condition . i would recommended this to anyone .
my son is certainly teething , but doesn't seem to find much comfort in chewing sophie . to me , it just looks like an expensive dog toy .
at first i was afraid , i was petrified . but then i got over it and don't know how people trim their babies nails with anything else !
this little guy is an adorable addition to our bathtub . with the cup , ledge and his fingers / toes , its a wealth of storage !
these work great for my baby's cradle . they're inexpensive and are soft . be sure to measure your mattress to make sure these will fit .
i love pink and i love elephants this is the perfect sophisticated pink and cute without being silly or strange looking :)
this this is terrible . the sound function works , but the projector stopped after the third use ! i was so disappointed .
my 2 y . o . daughter loves this plate.she was so excited when she saw it . the picture is clear , vivid and cute .
i would recommend this for anyone to buy . it comes with a brush for every stage of your little ones needs .
it protects the boppy from milk and diaper leaks , which are bound to happen in the nursing game ! it's a must-have .
these bibs are waterproof and stain resistant so they just wipe clean . they are big enough so that the mess does not get on the baby's clothes .
thanks to finding the right shield size , i now produce more milk per pumping . i highly recommend finding the right size for you .
they protect everyone in our family , from grandma to my toddler daughter . easy to use , i recommend this to all the families with babies .
good quality fabric . strong clip to keep attached to babys shirt . fits all pacis . i would reccomend this product to all moms
i just love this product . it does keep my baby's head upright while he naps in the car , and the pacifier holder is so convenient !
i love this bouncer and my youngest daughter prefers it to her vastly more expensive baby bjorn bouncer . a must have that also matches our high chairs .
best cover i have . love the gussets . i want to buy the next size because my four month old hardly fits it anymore .
i love the green sprouts brand ! can't wait to start using these on my baby girl once she gets here !
use these every single day ... easy to use , easy to clean , nice clean design , secure lids ... so far we are very happy with this product
this baby monitor has stood the test of time . it has been dropped , and abused , and still works great ! thank you .
great large changing pad . folds up small for diaper bag . ordering another one . i wish it came in cuter designs .
it's very easy to put together . my son enjoys being in it . we take it with us when we travel out .
bumgenius products are very well made and are by far my favorite ... these are the bulkiest of the styles though . my favorite style is the original elemental
these spoons are so gentle on my baby's gums while i'm feeding him . nice quality . a bit pricey though for 4 spoons though .
was recommended not to use in crib , as if it comes loose can cause suffocation , as such we do not use .
these are the best covers . i used size 1 as well and do a great job in keeping in the wetness .
these work great . haven't had any issues with leakage on them . i like how easy they are to clean too .
the suction cup at the bottom really is there to prevent it from tipping or moving with gentle movements . not by a determined infant .
great coverage ! just wish the pockets at the bottom were seperated into two larger sections instead of 3 littler ones .
they work so great ! the food comes out pretty easily and holds so much . i love it so very much !
this pillow is cheaper and more functional than the boppy ! my son loved this pillow and the sling was really helpful
these are pretty good . they can be a little tough for adults to open if you've got small hands !
was so pleased with this it looks so great i just love it and i love the quality , great for easy diaper change zipsfromthe bottom
good quality . exactly how i expected it to be . it is sturdy , versatile for different car seats , and easy to use .
our son quickly started eating them . he he easily bit off two pieces and even swallowed one before we could stop him . do not buy .
it's ok . my baby gets bored really fast and the walker gets stuck on the carpet to hard floor because of the little bumpers .
i had bought 2 of those pacifier cases before , they close super firmly and perfectly . this one does not close as firmly :(
this is a really nice romper . it is true to size . i wish hat had something to cover ears . other than than really like it .
excelente marca en materia de bebés . trae un set bien completo de chupas , teteros , un cepillo , un chupón , etc.muy bueno el precio tambien .
this is the second one of these that we've ordered . absolutely fabulous and keep the baby snuggly and warm during these winter months .
these are great to have with the beaba . i have cooked up so many varieties and have them in bags in the freezer . really great idea
great infant spoon and looks nice ! holds up well to constant chewing unlike other spoons i have used in the past .
this is a super small car but it is adorable ! im actually happy its small becuase its a perfect hold for babies hands !
a little expensive , but its worth it . my son enjoys him self in the playpen . i bought the extenders as well .
the stem comes out of the plastic which makes it useless . there needs to be more secure attachment of the brush to the plastic base .
great non leaking cups-especially for day care lunches or mild at bedtime . they click to tell you they are locked !
this is a shower gift & it came sooner than expected . i read the packaging and it seems like a good product .
no doubt i got my moneys worth . fit quite alot and i am happy with it . it also fit great in my washer
we used it to gave our son sponge bath after he was born , this pack has got everything we need . love it !
my daughter chose owls for her nursery theme so i got this for her . this will be so cute for her baby to use .
great . tried those suction cups shades in past , but they fall . this is great and can be transferred to stroller . folds for easy storage .
must have ! flat head syndrome is on the rise since " back to sleep is best " . makes a hugh difference if use early enough .
alright only . only way to prevent flat head is not to put your baby on her or his back too much .
these are great bottles . i got them for my great-grand son who is due in march . mother was very pleased to receive such good bottles .
the stool is short but it's durable and has a nice rubber top so they don't slip , even if they get a little pee on it :)
i ordered this based on the positive reviews , i am not disappointed at all . my baby looks comfortable in his car seat with this in it .
my daughter actually eats the wood on her crib ! this stops her and it matches her crib perfectly . love it !
the my brest friend pillow is much better than the boppy for breastfeeding . it stays put , which is helpful . i recommend it !
very cute and great for the price . they do float and squirt well . nice set for kids bath-time . sassy toys are awesome
he loves kicking so he does love the piano . gets tired of it soon , but happy to do it again after fed and dipper changed :)
works for my 3 month old . may be a problem when she gets older , because they don't secure very well to the crib railings !
my son is now 14 months and he still sleeps on it while cuddled to me ! love it !
i was trying to find this product everywhere . price is little expensive , but good to use .
they are so soft yet breathable . perfect especially for summer , but great in winter too . these are all i own now . tossed the rest
i thought it was an actual baby book , but its an actual photo book . i didn't exchange it because its still cute for photos of baby .
everyone should have at least one sleeved bib for messy meals . this one worked great and seemed well made . fit nice and i liked the tie back
just soft yet firm enough to meet a picky mom's standards . good quality and american baby comany play yard sheets fit this little mattress perfectly .
a little larger , but works great over his clothes in the winter and even over the straps of the highchair . cleans up nice also .
this was just too small and didn't seem stable enough . plus the peepoo hole is too small ! we returned it .
i was having a stink issue due to detergent build up and one round of mighty bubbles with my prefolds and aio's knocked the stink out .
this item is a life saver . literally . have not had any false alarms , and if anything else , helps us sleep easier without worry .
all kids like music especially my granddaughter . she carriesthis around with her by the cute handle . very happy withquality and sound .
great durability and a variety of colors to choose from . not spill proof which can led to snacks everywhere instead of eaten .
these extensions are very easy to install . we bought the play yard with 3 extensions to give our son a lot of room to play .
this towel is very soft , big enough for my 2 year old , and the price is reasonable . love it !
colors are so settle and beautiful and love to use it on my toddlers bed and the newborn crib because of it's softness
very soft , handy and easy to use . sturdy as can be and i would recommend for any mom with a baby
cute and engaging for my 2 yo . but it's impossible to get a ring on the octopus's leg !
colors are nice , but the quality was real thin and uncertain on how many washes it will last . prob not again
we love these oversized muslin blankets for swaddling and sunshades . they're not stretchy , so if you swaddle little one properly , they're nigh inescapable .
looks cute on changing dresser , but wish the cups were a bit bigger . overall , it's a great organizer and recommend .
this was a big waste of money . remote didnt work and the music was grainy
this is well worth the money . it makes bathing my son a whole lot easier . i wish it was slightly longer though .
i love this the colors and textures are great for a newborn and toddler , would recoomend to any friend . would buy again .
if you want to be green this is a good product . however , please note that it will bunch up when washed in the washer / dryer .
i bought it for my sister baby and she is loving it.it does not hold a lot of space and low enough to see thebaby from the bed.great buy
i love this wet bag . i may even like it better than planet wise ! i love the strap that i can hook on to anything .
unfortunatly i wasn't so thrilled - i found them to be cheap and flimsy , the food doesn't stick to the stick part .
these are extremely cute and adorable , they don't prevent the food from falling down onto his lap but he looks good while it's happening :)
this toy puts my son into a trance and calms him down when he's fusy at bed time . i love it as well
fairly thick , quality fabric . comes with easy to understand packaging for how to swaddle using velcro applied to parts of the fabric .
simple , but my son loves this toy . he always reaches for it and it keeps him entertained for quite a while .
its fine , when it stays in place ... very easy for it to pop off . granddaughter likes putting her cup in there so its fine .
great for cleaning water bottles and canning jars ... and everything else that you cant stick your hand into ... i would recommend this product for its versalitity .
super easy to use . just drop in a pre-made bottle from the fridge , and hit the button to warm . great product !
haven't used it jet , but seems like its going to be a good companion when washing all my baby bottles .
not so good as we expected . but it serves the purpose of using it like a sheet on top of crib or carpet .
my daughter requested these for her new baby . they seem to be good quality and are very cute . nice product .
these are far cheaper , and just as functional as everything you can buy at the big box stores . the value is so superior it isn't even funny .
the frozen bits were way too large to get into baby's mouth and bite ... this must be for a much older child ?
much better than the mattress that came with the pack n play . my daughter sleeps much better on this one when we go on vacation .
a great way to carry your spoons for your child's food . hygienic container that's easy to clip on your bag
has been a pleasure as a teaching tool for my grandson ! makes learning to use a spoon so easy !
i have had this mat for about 9 months now and i love it and my son does as well . he does not slip . great product ! !
this thermometer is absolutely wonderful ! it works well on all ages and is incredibly accurate . even good to use on newborns !
my 7 month got this as a christmas gift and she loves it so much that we bought another one !
babies respond well to these contrasting colors , and looking at themselves , so the way i see it , it's a win-win !
doesnt has handles to grab and leaks a lot . i like the design and the straw is fine , but leaks a lot .
these towels were not too thin and not too thick , just the right size and texture . i would buy these again .
they work well ! ! my 1 year old spends hours trying to get them open . hasn't happened yet .
these are identical to the kidco universal outlet cover and work just as well and look just as nice . they are pretty easy to install .
it is all in all what i expected , it could have been longer so that the baby can use it more comfortably .
but i love it ! we use it daily and it really helps to have the formula premixed and ready . good purchase !
i bought for my 3 month old . i'm impressed how well they stay on . i recommend this product to anyone looking for hearing protection .
very cute and interesting toy . my baby plays with it from time to time . she actually loves the side with the bugs .
simply brilliant.brush fits easily into bottles , cleans them well , rinses easily and i love the stand ! would make a nice shower gift :)
we use these as over night inserts for one of our kiddos ... works great even with him sleeping 7 hours straight .
these fit my pump perfectly and were great ! a lot cheaper than the name brands . i have this on my wish list for the next time .
we were thinking that its really large , but after 5 months we are thinking to buy larger one , but we are still happy with it .
nevermind if you have one or 4 children , this kit is essential for every mom who loves the life outdoors .
and it is versatile enough to attach anywhere . our carseat is not standard and this is the only toy that fits . it fits on her stroller too .
i like this watch because i don't have to always be the one reminding my daughter to use the potty . it makes for less resistance from her .
my daughter sucks the water out of the terrycloth parts . not a big fan of that , but it is a cute set .
i love using the white noise of my homedics table-top sound spa , and this little portable one is great for drowning out traffic noise or whatever while travelling .
cute changing pad cover , i use those adult incontinence pads over it though so i don't risk ruining it lol
this product works great if you want to hang a mobile over your pack-n-play . easy to use , easy to remove and store .
i had no issues with these working with an older pump in style . tubes were flexible and connected just fine .
we like this product so much that we went and bought a second one for grandmas house.it was seven dollars cheaper than the same product at babiesrus .
this is the softest crib sheet , and will be perfect for fall and winter months . should have ordered more ; highly recommend !
so far so good . i did purchase the bar for baby ( 10 months ) , he likes it because he can grab onto it and look around .
the plastic bars which help to have the hamper stand ripped through the material and has fallen out and got lost .
this fabric does the job , it is easy to attach but should be thicker . wish that the color purple was available
this is a must have as a new parent . nice roomy baga nd enough pockets for the multitude of things you need at your disposal .
compact wipes container and they don't dry out ! this is so much cheaper than buying those travel size wipes all the time .
my 7 month old loves this piano ! the keys are soft which is something i didn't realize until after i received it , but it's very nice .
this pad cover is nice and soft , pleasant color , looks nice and it works . it was well packed and it arrived on time .
holds the bottle stuff pretty well , but not everything always gets clean because of the way you have to put things in .
very good for warmer climate . would have no value in cold weather . zipper is a little poor quality but has held up well .
it says to replace these pillows after a certain amount of time but the pillows i started out with seem to be just fine even after 2 years
these products work as intended . i will be purchasing more to attach toys to her car seat and to her stroller .
light weight and dries fast ! i use it for snacks , whole banana , and keeping oxo utensils clean in diaper bag ! ~
love this binky holder - it fits the soothie perfectly without rubbing on baby's mouth . clip stays put , cute colors !
perfect condition . really helpful and is as advertised.love this product and is in very reasonable price range . thank you !
this pinch guard is great . it stays in place and super thick . it's a little pricey , but you get a good product .
great lock to keep our toddler from splash playwell pricedeasy to install and use 18 month old hasn't figured it out yet
it takes a long time to build , but it is very high quality and well worth the time it takes to assemble !
i would never feed my son with any other bottle brand . the 11oz bottles are also way more convenient ! my son never gets colic or fussy !
this was exactly what i was looking for . loved that it's softer than most i've seen . very cute pink too .
bought this at the suggestion of my friend for our baby who's obsessed with the tags on everything . he seems to enjoy it
this is not one of the easy covers to put on . i spend more time attaching it to the shopping cart then shopping .
nice colorful spoons , lightweight and dishwasher safe , we let our kids pick out their favorite colors when they eat . :)
love the body pillow , just wish the case would be easier to put on . i am very pleased with my purchase !
folds up small and works great i have 2 . the only issue is its more for little kids and needs to be longer .
bom acabamento , material com encaixe adequado , pano resistente e lavavel . encaixe facil . a mesa plastica solta facil com uma só mao .
color exactly as picture shows , great basic pack and play . easy to set up easy to take down and store
this is beautiful and has held up very well . i have gotten lots of compliments on this cover . l l
this is the best thing for the tub for little children , it seems like they always hit their heads on the faucet , now it does not hurt .
my twins love these toys - i bought them recently - and they love playing with them in the bathtub !
very cute cover if you are going with a jungle theme nursery . quality and price are both good and the free shipping made it an easy choice .
my baby didn't become interested in toys until he was about 3 months old , but he loves these things now .
not as soft as the 0-3 months one we got at the hospital . i will save this for when my baby is older
these pacifiers worked well to calm , then we kept them away otherwise . don't let them get used to it or else you'll have to break the habit !
i purchases this for our baby who is arriving in february . i can't wait to see the tyke wear it ! it is very soft .
the duck says its too hot when its barely warm ! so now baby just uses it as a bath toy
it serves the purpose to keep your baby warm for winter and also fall ! it is also thick and very soft .
seriously great . husband bought another brand and hated them . these were slow to install on our ( very hard ) cabinets but they are working out great .
my baby love it , it is very comfortable and easy to use . i recommend this product for moms who look cost vs . benefit
can't give it more than 3 stars because there is no color choice , its free for all - 50/50 chance to receive either the color green or blue
what a pretty crib looks awesome in nursery . i love that it grows with baby and is " someday " a big bed . excellent for price .
this is a great mobile . baby still enjoys looking at how each animals turns on its own as the whole thing turns .
these are perfect burp cloths great quality and easy to wash perfect i would recommend worth every penny very thick
no matter how hard i tried , it would not stick to my car windows without bubbles . it makes your car look cheap .
what else to say , the tubing works as advertised . pretty expensive for set of plastic tubes , but a must have purchase .
i love this clip and so does my super masculine husband ! it attaches well and just looks so adorable on our baby !
i put it in my sunroom for my son . good quality and i had no problems with it . looks adorable .
great purchase . rinses off well , dries quick , and cleans easily in the dryer . doesn't look old even after many washes for months of having them .
i really love this highchair . it is easy to use , easy to clean and seems very comfortable for my baby .
love , love , love that the bath toys are not all over the tub anymore ! has fallen once but stays very well to the shower wall .
this product was exactly what it was supposed to be ! they fit the bottles great , no problems at all with the product ! .
baby loved being in this chair until about 6 months , and then he just didn't want to be in it anymore because he could sit .
i bought it for my love , the blanket is very soft , and i bought it on the second time , like the feeling of that
keeps baby girl warm and safe - cute stylish wearable blanket , back is best ! doesnt over heat her . two more words
recommended along with te avent bottles that were purchased as a baby shower gift . the bottles were on a gift registry
one handed operation - does exactly what it should and is well made . hardly makes any noise and doesn't wake the sleeping newborn for a quick change .
this is a good quality item . works very well as long as your baby likes to have his hands covered .
these are great in our prius for our diono xrt . they help make the seat fit a bit better in our car .
i use this in a wipes warmer with my wipes . has a nice smell to it and works really great with my wipes / warmer .
fits great ! washed it and it did not shrink . it is very soft and easy to put on his mattress .
it would be a better toy if there are more bugs in the package . it doesn't seems that my little one has much interest in it !
there is a lot to do on this toy . my grand daughter of 5 months loves it and i recommend it to others .
este movil es seguro , practico y de muy buena calidad , los niños se relajan con los diferentes tonos o melodias que tiene el movil .
love that my potty trained toddler can now turn on the light on his own and do everything all by himself .
looks cute and works really well . its a good nail cutter but the magnifying glass is not very helpful . i would still recommend it given the price .
these are the only bottles / nipples that our son has ever used . they are great , and the bottles are fantastic too .
she didn't like the others we were given , but really has taken to this kind . uses for the really fussy times and bedtime .
my baby loves this toy . many different ways to grab it , and many different textures . nice rattle sound too . a little pricey but worth it .
safe , comfy , easy to install , easy to clean , and super cute . my child loves this big kid seat . :) i love it too .
this is what our nicu used on our preemie . it's the only swaddle that allows the arms to stay down without being super tight .
we love this changing pad cover . the colors are vibrant ( much brighter than the crib sheets ) and it is very soft .
have small kitchen with toddler and this keep the oven locked when cooking items . he figured out how to use the oven door lock
it came cracked but it's not that serious . i do like it though because it saves space on my daughter's dresser with changing pad .
these work as expected and clean easily . i like the colors and the quality of construction . i definitely recommend these for a baby under 1 year .
this product fit on our faucet and was easily slipped on . after 3 months of using it , the rubber has held up . good product .
have tried many straw cups and these are the best for not leaking . this is my second one i purchased after trying about 10 different straw cups
for the 1st 6 mo , my daughter had to be swaddled to sleep . this product kept her snug and was quick and easy to use .
pretty colors , super soft.fits our contoured changing pad , but also fits the graco travel lite mattress , which is awesome .
these were ok , but after about 2 weeks they started to mildew at the base which would not come off , had to toss them .
rhis fits almost any spout , is adjustable & protects little ones . plus , it looks cute & matches a bathroom scene
pink was lighter and brighter than pictured , seemed almost like a hot pink . i returned it as it did not match the nursery decor .
sounds like a great idea in theory , but does not seem to be working in practice . my son just hated it ever since he touched it .
i have tried five different types of bottles and these are horrible . don't waste your money . dr . brown's is the way to go !
my 4 month old was drooling constantly . with normal bibs i was changing them all day . these bibs are fantastic . i highly recommend them .
these are great for the tubby or on a window . these are durable and they are enjoyed by my 17 month old .
this is very soft , fits great on standard crib mattress , the color is perfect , not too blue and not white either . love this sheet .
beautiful details , amazingly soft material . totally worth the price . ordered 4 different models and pleased with them all . also washes well .
even in frigid temperatures my newborn is toasty warm . he wears a light jacket and hat , no bulky snowsuit required .
great quality and great recipes . i am using it for toddler food to . can freeze portions of diced veggies and meat can also use for homemade broths .
i think this is one of the best inventions ever . makes throwing a diaper away when on the go a breeze . a must have for every diaper bag
i looked high-and-low for these cups : love that they come with lids for travel and that the handles are removable for when your child no longer needs them .
i don't know what i'm doing wrong , but when i turn it right side up , it keeps leaking !
doesn't stay suctioned well , my 6 month old can unhook it , but he loves it and it keeps him entertained for quite a while
love this concept ! very useful for keeping track of pacis looks stylish with my jujube bff in onyx blossom's too ;)
this crib sheet laundered well and fit the crib mattress . the colors are bright . i would recommend this product to others .
these are just perfect for my side-by-side bottom kitchen cabinets for when my grandson comes over . very easy for me to snap on and remove , but he can't
baby loves the walker . it was easy to put together and she began strolling in no time . cat hates it though :) buy it !
they seemed to be thicker and thus offer some more padding than most normal mattress padscame quicklywashed a few times and seem to be holding up
we just received a new tiny puppy and i needed a way to keep her out of my studio because it could be dangerous for her
good toy , we have attached it to lots of things including swing , bob stroller , pack n play , and shopping cart .
the only thing that would make this a 5 star review would be if it was a bit more gentle / comfortable . overall , i'm very pleased .
this was a great addition for our 3 month old baby's easter basket . a very cute teether toy for baby .
son loves cars , this does the job , very strong , i even use it sometimes " 129 lb " highly recommended for kids
out of my stash this is currently my least favorite because it is so bulky . but the print is very cute .
these are our favorite sippy cups . i love the bright colors and although they are not 100 % spill proof , they are absolutely great .
these fit horribly . way too small . the mattress bowed because these were so small . i already washed them or i would send them back .
basic toy that gets our baby's attention when we hand it to her . seems to be well constructed . arrived quickly
my only problem with this item is the colour . well it wasnt a problem will my husband pointed it out . wished it came in black
not sure if this works but my daughter's symptoms deescalated briefly after wearing . also , the necklace looks so pretty that she never wanted to take it off !
i wish we would have bought it before the wife cracked the screan . its protected now for the midnight dropseys .
this was so annoying constantly reattaching to my maxi cosi . it wouldn't stay put and the slightest touch would pull it off . waste of money
this gate has been great for our twins . we had to get two of them to create a large enough space , but it is sturdy and safe .
did not fit on our spout . just falls off . very cute , but a waste of money . we and the kids will just have to be careful
this was perfect and so helpful . i was able to pump and feed one of my twins at the same time .
very cute and my kids love them and love to chew on them . i just wish they were a tad bit longer .
i will highly recommend this product . just be careful when taking out the bottle after 3 minutes , you can burn yourself with the steam .
great product and versatile . can be used fir many things and carries the kindle keyboard ( 3 ) perfectly with other items . works great as a clutch .
changing pad . it is soft but not too soft . it fits my standard changing table like a glove and i feel safe with my daughter on it .
i always like the skip hop zoo products . vivid color and cute design.but this backpack seems really cheap . i can hardly say i like it .
easy to use , provides great support , fun designs - what not to love about it . would recomends it instead the arched shaped ones .
this is easy to use and effectively meets its purpose in keeping the sun off my baby . i recommend it !
this is so cheap in price and easy to use ! definitely a good product to use for initial teeth / gum cleaning !
my husband and i love this bag . it's super comfortable , easy to use and has lots of compartments for organization . overall a great everyday bag !
i bought a m size for me and my hunsband , and really loved it , so now i bought a l size for my mom
this is one of my favorite cloth diaper brands . highly recommend . i've never had a leak
i am giving this as a gift at christmas and i am sure it will be a hit with all the bright colors .
it's wonderful toy for my kid to play when he bath . it's real good toy but after 3 month it's stop working .
this is great for teething baby ! on days she doesn't wear it you can really tell her teeth hurt a lot more . it's cut on her too !
simple design & yet adorable ! it's perfect in my baby's nursery . it's a quiet ticking clock . so far so good
my one year old can move it by sliding it but she can't throw the plate so it is still a win for us !
these bags come in very handy when changing a diaper on the go . they come out of the dispenser easily .
baby gags when using this product , it's size and shape allows to much of the product to be placed inside babys mouth
my baby girl gets spooked and intimidated to take a bath at times . having fun toys like this makes it fun for her !
children love dipping and this is perfect for them to have their own little dipping cups ! you can either attach them to the plate or use them separately .
too staticy but you get what you pay for . it does the job though . picks up sound if you are in another room .
works great . not much else to say . held up well to washing . very happy with the purchase and happy with organic .
i love it . cant say yet if hes going to like it since i haven't had my son but its super cute .
what is it w / babies & keys ? my kids loved these & liked that they're bumpy to chew on . good purchase .
nice and big . bought the " boys " colors for our two year old daughter because i wanted primary colors , not pastels .
nothing fancy or expensive , just does it's job , aids and doesn't get in the way . happy dad of juice lovers .
purchased them to use as burp cloths . i love them . they are super absorbent and a great price . they are soft too
finally a comfy tubby that can even be sat up when baby can . so it does " grow " with your child .
these are standard burp towels . nothing exotic of fancy . they get the job done , wash well , and are plenty soft . no complaints .
this is very a very affordable washcloth and is very soft . i love the colors.however , the material is a bit thin .
i perfer these over prefolds because it's easier to adjust the fitting for my growing baby boy
this is such a soft changing pad cover . i love minky anything and this is no different . it matches the nursery decor perfectly
works just as it should . babies don't like it , but the parents do !
the quality of the picture is just wonderful ! my husband set it up and it did not take him very long at all . just what we needed .
this kids booster works great and when it gets dirty , i just wash in large laundry sink and let dry .
this is a great product for new moms . i can't wait to use it . i suggest this product to everyone . my friends also like it .
i couldn't believe it , but this things really does make pumping hands free which makes frequent pumping much more tolerable .
i bought these because so many babies love them but my son hates these . not to mention that they are huge on his little face .
i love this thing , and my baby is in love with it . he talks and coos and gurgles and laughs , so happily when this is on .
bought t his one and the dragon one , but my son loves the dragon better . but it serves it purpose at nap time and bed time
our babies think this banana is the greatest toothbrush ever made . it doubles as a teether too , which is an added bonus for all .
these mirrors work great in my car . they stay put and i love that i can see my boys clearly . easy to install and uninstall .
offers a lot of support , worth the money - really good value - i like it better than setting up a bunch of pillows .
so-so .. great in design but never really use them and my babe never seems to chew them or my straps .. but def love the ergo !
this is not so great for smaller items . but wonderful for what i needed it for . i have been buying them in all the colors !
i like it a lot , but it stained after a two weeks of use . i guess carrots stain everything .
fits the standard crib mattress well . it is soft and so far , it hasnt faded . i would recommend this product and buy again !
we thought that the tips were plastic like the handle but they are metal . easy to hold and use for our 12 month old .
they don't really fit to your breast , so when i wear them under a thin tank top or bra you can see the edges .
i love these ! they are so great for traveling or even by the bedside at night . any time you want to have your formula pre-measured .
i like this product because it's made in the usa , and that can be hard to find . however , my son was never too interested in it .
i really like this . i use it for storing cloth diapers . it was a little smaller then i had expected
firm , good size , fit out pack and play . it's waterproofed and easy to clean . very light to pick up . no complaints .
my 5 month old son loves to hold this little dino while falling asleep , i only regret not getting it sooner !
she is only 5 months old and she would not let go of this . she chews this most of the day .
like using these burp cloths , got them embroidered and they look really good , thick enough to hold spit up . and just the right size .
i love this . the best purchase i made for my baby . i hardly ever use a stroller , and she loves it more than i do .
great for the bob single , love the little cup holder and the other part is deep enough to hold a toy while running with the stroller .
boon squirt silicone baby food dispensing spoon , greenuse it very eay , and clean , i like it very much ... my baby like it
love 3 sprouts stuff , but this was way too small and the handle is not in a practical place
cute necklace but pulls at my hair if i'm not wearing it up . my baby enjoys playing with it though !
so do you really need one of these ? really ? i did get it and don't regret it . but it isnt a necessity .
very well organized , beautiful album for your baby . do not hesitate to purchase . make sure you have the time to fill it in :)
i use this at the top of my stairs for keeping the dog / kids upstairs . sturdy , easy to operate and reliable .
exactly what i needed ! i don't have space for a full size high chair , this works , plus i can take it with me when we visit family
highly recommend to anyone caring for young children , easy care . i hand wash and air dry they are ready to use in no time .
very cute for both boy and girl . easy to wipe clean with a rag . would recommend to moms . very happy .
just the right size to use in the car for those just in case moments !
these little cubes are great . perfect size for portioning out baby food . like that i can make a bunch of food and freeze it !
the car seat is sturdy , feels very safe for me trust putting my son in it . was easy to install .
my granddaughter loves this toy which fits perfectly in her hands . i will soon have a new grandson and purchased this for him .
all of the dispensers are too big to even get into a medicine bottle nevermind my newborn sons mouth . maybe meant for toddlers .
this pacifier looks nice and " green " but doesn't really perform well . it squishes my baby's nose making her spit it out . had to return .
fits well but isn't very soft , also shrank a bit and these were air dried with no heat . i'd recommend another brand if possible .
don't be deceived when you pull it out of the box , the sides are elastic so you can stretch it as big as you need !
my daughter loves these . the different textures amuse her as i watch her rotate and try each one . easy to clean .
the image is just ok but the product is fragile . the clip was broken before one year and the image started to disappear before 18 months .
our son loves cruising around in this thing . he's finally outgrowing it , but we put a lot of miles in using this no-fuss , simple contraption .
it's definitely quick and easy and can hold a lot . a bit pricey though for what is basically a steamer .
this oxo tray is just ok , the lid doesnt keep the food very well stored , ice goes inside . i don't recommend it .
great for small snacks or even formula for the diaper bag . i like putting cheerios and lil snackers in the different sections .
this product stays in place and protects our seat . no complaints here . i would get another if we needed it .
works great . twins seem to love it . i hang it upside down in the pack and play and they love it .
we loved this so much that we bought two more . we use them in each room in our house as a diaper caddy .
we think this mattress is working well for us . it's very tight in the crib , which is how it's supposed to be . seems comfortable .
three rings are not far not enough . the toy itself is good quality and nice looking . but , i wish they would provide more rings .
perfect for toddlers . easy to grip and it is not difficult to remove 1 pop without defrosting the others .
really cute . it looks even prettier in person . wipes clean easily and gave my high chair a nice face lift
bigger than your average baby towel . nice color and really soft too . doesn't shrink in the wash and color hasn't faded .
my kids love these however the small 2 prong animals are not the best at picking up stuff . overall i recommend them .
my son feels very comfortable seating at this car seat and i feel he is safe and protected . i recommend it .
it is cute and my baby seems to enjoy it but the volume is an issue . the loudest volume is really too low .
great boppy cover . the color is really bright ! this cover is really durable and machine washable . it's also easy to put on and take off .
we used bumgenius with my first daughter and we're back to using them with daughter # 2 , we still love them ! great pocket diaper !
these are great ! we were using the medela bags , but i find you can fit more in these and they're cheaper .
these soft blocks stack , are light , and even have an enjoyable rattle noise when clapped together or shaken . big hit .
used similar stickers for my first daughters monthly pictures & scrapbook . these are very colorful and cute . can't wait to use them !
i could see these being too small to do much for bigger babies or toddlers , but at 6 months and teething my son loves it !
somewhat questioning if this product is real . it doesn't work quite as well as my maya wrap i bought off the official website .
easy to install . now if potty training was just as easy . easy to clean the toilet still too . would recommend .
my wife was surprised that this only helped her with back pain an support fir a certain time in her pregnancy .
the snaps are really strong . the bib material is really cheap . first use , the snap ripped right through the bib . quick return .
it works great and when installed properly is very sturdy ! ! ! we love our walk through gate and it keeps our baby safe ! !
since declared " diaper bag " i expected a larger size . i didn't see the posting of the size of product .
get a hot glue gun and plug the holes . it works perfectly . great cheap bath toys , you can't beat it !
since my first grandson was born two years ago , this is the only baby product we use when it comes to feeding !
best purchase and we still use it daily . i am so glad we bought these . i throw them in the washer and they are still fine .
i got these to use for when my grand kids come to visit . they are designed to be as similar to breastfeeding as possible .
not a necessity but was useful to have when my baby first started eating from the tubes so i could see how much was coming out .
this gym is very cute and a great price . it is slightly awkward when trying to store it away but its definitly a great deal & worth it .
perfect for teething . the only bad thing is the amount of drool all over her shirt ... but that is teething ! great product .
i bought this as a backup to my son's current " lovie " and it serves its purpose . it's made well and is very soft .
i used this every night while i was pregnant . my only complaint is the cover is a pain to get on and off to wash .
the best autogift ever had ... i received my diaper baga and is georgeos ... i even start to used but i think its worth it . aloveeeee ittttt
needed another flannel sheet to switch out for weekly bedding changes . this is soft , fits great and matches his jungle themed room . super cute !
washed and dried them . they held their shape for the most part and were super soft . i would recommend them . very lightweight .
purchased this to go with the comforter set , it was a perfect match and just what the mommy to be wanted .
these are adorable . ... but overpriced ... the pieces are rather small , still they are cute and my children like them ok purchase
purchased with filling station and this misplaced for a few weeks . definitely easier using the funnel to fill versus spooning puree into the tube .
we received some free ones from the hospital , and realized the baby preferred these to others , so we ordered more . he seems to be addicted !
this bowl works great . it's a good size , maybe even a bit big , and the suction cup works great . i'm happy with it .
my son likes this better than his other sippy cups and its easy for him to hold and doesn't spill to bad if he starts shaking it !
i ordered this product and instead of orange i got green items . it didn't bother me . it is soft and my baby loves it .
i like the idea of feeding like bottle . i did not usedmine yet , but i bought one for my friends sonand he liked it .
i can get them to fit her perfectly , they are soft adn comfy and don't leak . she has worn them from 3-5 months so far .
my baby's pediatrician recommended these . baby has less gas , rarely throws up or spits up , and seems to like them too .
this baby mattress is firm as recommended and nicely made . it fits a standard crib very well . i would not hesitate to order it again .
couldn't use it for my baby , by the time she reached this size she outgrew the need for swaddlers . wish i had gotten in a smaller size .
bought this for my nephew . he loves it and even takes it with him when he travels . it is light weight so not an issue
i think the clock is adorable and it fits most color schemes . it does make a nice ticking sound that lulls my son to sleep .
easily pulls forward unless absolutely tightened . hard to tighten . ( though not completely off the faucet ) . works with a standard tub with top-shower pull .
good product for my baby . the color is so beautiful.so when my baby see it , he like them very much .
this wrap has helped my daughter so much with her painful gas . if your baby gets painful gas , buy this !
bought these for both daughters when they had their first kids . work great with ameda and medela . we do a lot of baby sitting and these were super
great game for baby shower to use by letting mom to e pick out her favorite advise card . these are also helpful for new mom too
nice fabric , waterproof , i just wish i got snaps , because my baby can peel off the velcro now ! i highly recommend this for cloth diapering .
totally perfect for bath time . a bit smaller than expected , but they swim and squeak , exactly what you need in a rubber ducky .
good for overnight , but not for daytime--they will definitely show through your clothing . they also can stick to your skin !
these are ok . they don't seem to block the sun that well but they did stick well on our windows .
he loves the lights , the bounce and the fit . i am so happy with my purchase . this was a great investment .
this crib sheet is silky smooth and very soft . though i would not say that it is plush and cushy :) i would describe more as smooth
this was a great buy . i love the versatility to use this indoor and outdoors . i have used it more outside ... wonderful product
i loved it . good quality product , good detail , excellent color combiancion , arrive on time , the service is good , i recommend this product .
my daughter loves this rattle . it is easy to hold and makes a lot of noise . the noise encourages her to play and stimulates development .
very soft fabric and cute pattern . my son seems to like it too way more then the other cotton changing pad cover .
if you use avent bottles , this is soooo convenient :) i highly recommend this product , i can pump directly to my pes bottles .
these nipples are thin and collapse easy . they are functional and follow the proper flow but they just are too weak .
good size , comfortable to hold , look nice , no complaints from me or my two-year old son who can feed himself with these utensils .
this is a good idea , and i like how it's sleeveless . the velcro is really loud and very strong . i like it even without actually bundling .
still using these as it's defnitely better than nothing when you go shopping .. but not worked as well as some of the reviewers .
works well and keeps water hot for more than 12 hours . very impress . good buy , very very happy with it .
even though i like my britax pavilion more , this is still a great car seat . it's very easy to install and adjust .
this sippy cup is very close to a baby bottle . it gave my reluctant daughter the push she needed to get off the bottle .
love this gate for my toddler tries to climb it all of the time and hold up even though not anchored to wall
this material is so soft and these blankets have been so versatile for us . i would recommend these to any new parents .
i really like this food jar . we can take our daugther anyware and still have warm food ready for her to eat , anywhere anytime .
great bib , we use it every day , easy to wipe or wash , protects the clothing very well during meals or my son's artwork
the tubing matched up with with my medela pump . there were not any compatibility issues ( since it is not medela brand ) .
this cover is not water protective in the least . i am very disappointed . had a minor spill and had to wash the boppy . not good .
this lounger works well for infants . my son fits comfortably at 2 weeks old . the blue and yellow colors and geometric pattern are very modern looking .
genius . a lifesaver for an exclusive pumper like myself . i use it 5-6 times a day with the ameda purely yours pump .
my son ( 4 months old ) love his mobile . i wish the control selections were a bit more varied , but overall a great baby item .
perfect , clutch-purse like size & very stylish design and print.fits wipes & diapers perfectly ... perhaps one day it will find another use as well :)
my daughter picked the animal she wanted . it fits the ziplock divided rectangle container ( and nothing else ) . my 3 year old loves it !
looks good but like the other boon water bottles , it doesn't work very well and it is really hard to get water out of the spout .
wow great value for the quality of stroller ... lite , folds easy , and wonderful features , can't wait to use it for my grandson !
excellent product , you wouldn't belive this tiny hooks can carry safely heavy bags and diaper bag . they are safe and strong .
this little mat has rubber stoppers on the bottom to hold it down . the only problem is that the little stoppers don't work .
long enough to actually cover most of our daughter's torso , unlike some of those super-short bibs you see out there .
my baby ripped this right off . i could not even try it out since he could easily slip it right off .
fyi we had to return this . we have tile in our kitchen and were looking for a glass cup surrounded by rubber . this is not !
these did not stay clung to my windows no matter what i did . i tried both my husband's and my vehicles . they are completely worthless .
i love my boon grass drying rack and this is the perfect add-on for drying small pieces like bottle nipples and parts of my electric breast pump .
it is ok . smaller than i had anticipated but overall decent for my ten month old to play with when we are out and about .
a bit pricy for what they are but they wont rust , a big plus for me near the sea . no other complaints ... works as advertised .
we use this whenever we leave the house . the cord is just the right length . it's perfect for the carseat and stroller .
i love this diaper bag ! it is very stylish and practical ! i am so happy i decided to purchase it .
the mustela dermo cleansing 16.9 us fl . oz bottle it is a nice and real good working body washer for baby
this is an amazing product my daughter kicks it and no marks on my seats . love the bottom pockets also another plus
we switched to evenflo glass bottles from madela plastic ones ! and these are the only caps that fit evenflo glass bottles perfectly .
when my daughter's house burned down , the one toy that needed to be replaced of all the toys my grandson received was this one !
this item is larger then it appears , but it's still fantastic for baby :-) bright colors and activities and down right adorable .
love this changing pad cover ! it is like velour and super soft ! well worth the price ! ! get this one if you are debating !
but of course , there will come a time when you spot your baby open the lid and spill the contents all over the floor . :)
love the " travel " concept . but i prefer the beaba spoons to these for my 5 month old . the spoons are softer / more flexible .
great high chair . looks good and folds easily for storage . was really simple to put together . well worth the price .
bought this for a long-distance trip - have yet to use it , but i love that it's compact and light . fits nicely in a diaper bag .
exactly as pictured , so cute . not quite as big as i thought it would be but i have no complaints .
my 6 month old niece loves the toy , the mirror in the back always makes her smile and giggle a lot !
my daughter loves playing with these in the bath . she stacks them , sticks them to the tub , throws them and has a ball .
works great attaching the toys to stroller & car seat . also as a teething toy ! very functional ! very worth buying !
arrived quickly . easy to assemble . very sturdy.scratches very easily . it's not as tall as i thought it would be .
too heavy and awkward for my 15 month old . plus it leaks . it is pretty cool looking though , hence the 2 stars .
i love this pillow . it is soft , firm and adorable . we carry it around the house for tummy and play time .
this is easy to clean , doesn't take up space and can travel easily with you . we like it a lot .
seems really safe , easy to put in , doesn't look ugly , and i trust it very much . seems like it would work with any size crib
i got these stacking cups for my niece and she loves them ! they are great for playing in the bathtub or swimming pool .
my grandson loved him , to manipulate sound due to the material they are made , so it was a success ! is an excellent present that i recommend !
this product arrived on time and in great condition . it is easy to install and provides a perfect view of my baby from the driver's seat . enjoy !
no leak . it is very good seal discs for stroage milk for baby.easy to clean and safe i love it all . thank you
just like pictured . these are wonderful for nursing cover ups , to lay baby on the grass , light blanket for baby .
does the job , but we ended up giving it away after about amonth and using a plastic strainer on our counter instead .
i loved all the items that came with this set . my daughter really enjoys playing with the items included . this is a wonderful set !
i love my boppy bolster . it's great for the couch or any chair . the hot / cold pack that's included is also very nice when needed .
i love this blanket , it is nice to not have to worry about your bottom getting wet from the grass and it is so big too !
bright colors , soft and my daughter loves it . she loves all tags so i knew she would love this blanket . it is well made .
my son prefers this one over the adult potty with a potty seat . the splash guard also works much better .
this is a must purchase if you have twins since this makes making bottles much easier than making individual bottles .
yup , it's pricey but you will make up for it by taking it on all flights for free . quality product
bought theses for my daughter in law and she said that they were uncomfortable and that she was unable to use them
used these when my baby was 2 weeks old . very easy to work with , and they turned out great . definitely recommend !
nice product . helped me very well when i am breast feeding for both my sons . i had good experience with medela products
excellent product . i have a bumbo seat with no safety belt , and this kept my daughter in the seat--plus she could play with toys on it !
nipples are not one size , neither should these shields . the standard size was restricting the milk extracting , made the switch and we are swimming in it !
this is a really cute mobile . it is really small but i love the colors and i hope my baby finds it to be something interesting .
i love this thing . my son's head no longer flops around . missions accomplished ! it is nice and soft and held up perfect after washing .
i bought these at least a year ago , and they show no signs of wear despite being microwaved and dishwashed weekly .
the cloth is a great soft , but slightly textured material and the size is large . i love these wash cloths for my child .
i am a huge fan of sleepsacks and after buying many brands i have found halo to be the best brand for wearable blankets .
she loves it . i am happy that she can move it around and play with it at all angles . would recommend .
this works great suction cup is nice and strong , and the outer ribbed edge is easy for little hands to spin .
if you have used aden products you won't be disappointed . bought these for 10 bucks on amazon , love them . very soft and durable muslin cotton d
this teething feeder is great bc the netting comes off to make cleaning easier ! attatches very easily and stays secure .
right size , right design , right look . well made . for a rather small size , it certainly does hold a ton of laundry .
excellent stroller / car seat toy . lots of textures and things to look at .
it's pretty light and easy for my son to hold himself . he likes the different textures that each nob has .
we wanted this for a trip but we decided against that and we use it at home its very well made good quality and safe
i purchased this for my 2 year old son . it's really easy to clean and i love that it hooks to my regular chairs .
its actually pretty big mirror . love the colors . works well ( meaning stays up well ) kids defenitely love it . it was for 6 month old twins
worked really well on my medela pump in style . actually seem to work better than some of the original parts and were a bit easier to clean .
a lil more expensive , but works great ! our climbing toddler could not climb over the gate and was high enough that he couldn't get out .
i personally love all the avent items ! my son is just now learning to hold his own bottle and this is helping him so much !
this is a nice quality elegant whitewashed frame . i am steadily filling it with baby's pix progressing with the years .
this is the same pump they use at lenox hill hospital in manhattan . accept no substitutes . yes , it's expensive and it's worth it .
best iv had yet , the lid stays down in the wash , dosent hold as much as i would like but i dont mind !
good mash for banana ! very handy and easy to use . it just takes 1 minute to serve the banana puree for my little one .
i've had it for a year , no mold , works like it should , very cute .
my grand daughter plays with this toy all the time . she throws it , rolls it , and examines the insides . great purchase .
our baby's head is still a little small for his sunglasses but they are too cute . he does try to take them off .
maybe it's the diaper i use them with ( baby kicks ) , but the snappies do not grip very well . they are satisfactory , that's all .
great diaper bag - love the pockets and that this bag is a simple design that dad isn't embarrassed to carry around .
did not open plastic package , just opened the cardboard and i can see it's a nice / quality product . always a great experience shopping at amazon.com .
it's perfect for a lightweight blanket . our house isn't too cold , so i wanted something thin that would still cover our son . this is great !
i have other clips that cost much more and dont stay put . this was a great value and it stays in place .
i love halo sleep sacks . they wash well and are great for keeping my little one warm and comfy at night .
wish i had gotten this sooner ! i loved it so much i bought a second pair . would highly recommend for parents with little ones .
we bought this to attach to my son's activity mat and he likes it . i think it's the face ? it makes a pleasant sounding rattle .
this is perfect for babies who need more time on their tummies ! our son used to hate tummy time , but now he loves it !
this cover fits the portacrib mattress i just got and is so nice ! it is waterproof without sounding plasticky or crunchy ! very soft outer fabric too !
perfect for blotting baby after a diaper change or using for small wash clothes or burp clothes . i love them and they're so soft .
my baby is now almost 5 moths , so she has to switch to level 2 nipple . and she seems good with the new nipple
this is very nice , it keeps the baby from scooting down in the tub and bumping her head on anything .
i have the 24mm and upsized due to sore and cracked nipples . they are bigger , but the difference is not a significant help to my nipple problems .
i think i will love it more if the towel is softer . but the price is good for this bath towel and 4 washcloths .
superb quality , light years ahead of any other car seat . when it comes to your child's safety , it's worth every penny .
loved this product ! so nice and comfortable but is very hot and snug . only use it when it's very cold outside and your baby is very small .
my grandson loves this bath ball ! he is eleven months old and loves anything that moves , especially a ball for the tub .
this pump is easy to use and convenient . also , it is easy to wash . it comes with a nipple , which is ready for feeding .
this product has a nice weight to it . brissle on the brush is soft and gentle on baby's scalp . it gets the job done .
on a positive note ... amazon's return policy made it very easy to return and i go my refund really quickly . :)
love these swaddle blankies ! the bamboo is so much better than the original aden & anais . so happy with them !
soft and durable organic cotton . a nice item ! fits nicely on the crib and goes through laundry without issues .
cute . east to wash . sturdy . used to mash bananas & sweet potatoes . worth getting to avoid using a blender :)
great idea but our baby has had no trouble ripping these off of every surface we've put them on .
i would not recommend this product . it doesn't give you any support so your back will suffer big time . i don't use it .
dr . brown's bottles were indispensable for us . the extra parts suck to wash but totally worth it .
this paci is great for a teething baby but it only stays cold for a couple of minutes . baby loves it though .
not much to say - convenient and works well ! pleased with my purchase as it makes life much easier for pumping on the go !
easy to install and my 2 year old has not bothered with it so its working as it should !
my baby was not a fan , but i'm sure other babies may love this . i just wasn't that impressed for the price .
easy installation , keeps my daughter ( as well as some adults ) out of my cabinets . adhesive backing held until i was forced to remove them .
this teether is very good quality , looks cute , and is very useful ;-) i love it ! i'm going to buy more !
holds everything i need . a little rocky , but that is ok . i can get all my shields , bottles , and pacifiers on this contraption .
fits the contoured changing pad perfectly . easy to wash , dry and get back on the pad without any special effort .
it looks good but it doesnt have that many hooks for toys for my daughter to play with she likes it though but i just wish it had more spots
these are the best bibs i've found . convenient pouches , machine washable , and cute patterns . also , they hold up pretty well . recommended .
this cup holder was easy to install and extremely convenient to bring along a bottle of water or a coffee . great purchase .
haven't used it on a really got day yet , but it looks like it'll hold up . for a little fan it give a good amount of wind .
these were a great price , better then the department prices , material is good and they go with any thing you put on your baby . great find
ordered for our upcoming baby ! already have one for our son's car seat and like it so i am sure we will like it yet again .
this works fine for the bob and a graco single . it is just nice that you can make everything semi-compatible with one another .
it's so cute - there are so many things for them to touch and feel ... has lots of the crinkly stuff they love ! great buy !
this is great for keeping the toys attached to the stroller / chair / carseat / etc . so nice to keep the toys off the floor !
i love wooden toys , they are the best . cute little skip hop giraffe is lots of fun , and cute to look at .
nice potty is easy to clean and looks alot like the adult potty so helps eliminate confusion . has worked well so far .
light sleep-sack perfect for summer temperatures and i use it for naps too . i wish there were more patterns . great purchase
these have held up well and look nice . i don't think they are above average by an means but the cost makes them worth it .
small and easy to clean and manage . fits any chair and under a dining table . i highly recommend this chair !
this is my 3rd purchase .. i just love these cups and so does my grandson ! made both of us very happy !
so far so good--she always shakes it for noise-i would buy again for this price . i think she will like this toy for many months to come
love this toy among lamaze collections.marina has a lot of features like freddie the firefly.great size , good value for money .
love the size of the cup and the concept , but my girl has bitten through the straw already . no replacements available .
hubby was a little frustrated putting together but it didn't take too long and turned out to be very beautiful and very sturdy .
very comfortable and stay put pretty well . however the slightest leak and they seem to soak through easily not recommended for those who leak a lot
i'm going to order more , the picture on the front and side are such a great idea .
these are great for burp cloths ! not very pretty to look at but they are very absorbent and soft , easy to wash too !
my daughter loves it . i like it slightly less as it is very difficult to open . other than that it's okay .
not sure these were exactly what i was looking for but theyre not bad , did get a girly color even though i had though i ordered blue / green
be sure to use the sealing discs between this and the bottle or milk will get everywhere !
this is a cute paci holder and functions well - has not fallen off what ever it is clipped onto .
i really love this detergent . i have tried so many ... and they all worked , but not like this one ! couldn't be happier .
good for covering almost every baby gear , even the pack and play cot . it expands a lot and is soft .
this great quality and visually engaging . my son les it so much that i ended up buying two . very cute .
this is such a cute changing pad cover . the design is cute , it's brightly colored and ultra soft . i also bought the matching blanket .
this is a great toy , just like when i was a kid . i like this way better than the cube ones that are common now .
bought this chair for my grand-baby's nursery . so soft & glides perfectly gentle . easy to assemble . my daughter assembled while she was 6 mos pregnant . :)
i bought this a few times for gifts . classical music and 6 + months old like it . simple toy with classical tunes .
this monitor is extremely sensitive . i can easily hear sounds as soft as my son breathing . i'm very happy with the product and highly recommend it .
these didn't help with morning sickness but they did taste good . pregnancy is different for everyone , so i say try it all .
it has the right storage and the right amount of surface area for a newborn to about six months . past that , we'll see .
my son is safer in his crib with this product . love that i do not have to worry at all and ordered the blanket to match .
the chaperone did not fit in my 2005 saab 9-2 x ( same as a subaru impreza ) . we returned it and went with the b-safe .
washcloths are nice , i like that they're edged and not flimsy compared to other washcloths that we have purchased . i'd definitely buy these again .
very easy to install , gives me peace of mind , thanks for this product ! essential for the baby proofing process in the home
love these binkies only ones i've used with my babies , easy to clean i the container , fun cute colors for baby girl .
no good . does not clean very well , occasionally you will have milk stains on the botttle after cleaning . i would recommend this insteadhttp :/ / www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000rfcsmq/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8=1789=390957=b000rfcsmq=as2=travguid0ca-20
minha filha comprou por indicao de outras maes que disseram queo produto é muito bom pois deixa a mamadeira na temperatura certa .
these fit the summer infant changing pad perfectly . i place a carters waterproof basinet pad over it for quick washing when the baby has an accident mid-diaper change !
good prefolds . they do their job and everything i expected them to do . very soft and fit nicely on my 3 month 12 lb baby girl .
the quality of these sheets for the pak-n-play are great . they are easy on baby's tender skin and wash very well .
even slightly dirty surfaces . not gonna stick . but they are great sturdy bowls otherwise . i love the mismatched colors and bonus lid for the smallest bowl .
love the colors . . the lid fits very well so you can carry food . i just wished they were wider . but i am happy i got them ...
this pillow is wonderful , so beneficial for every pregnant woman ... it helps me to sleep better ..
looks very stylish , fabrics are great and overall quality is excellent . keeps baby cozy and protected . velcro straps attach perfectly to our britax b-safe seat handle .
nice rattle . colorful and parts rotate-flip around . my son can grip it well and i think it was a great purchase . well made .
my baby loves these and i like the fact that they can be placed in the dishwasher to be sterilized .
really good for kids who are interested in sounds and moving things . my daughter loved it but she already outgrew it .
great deal.for the set and i like that they're clear . i feel like then it's a conversation about what not to touch vs hiding them .
they work well , have lasted 2 years and are bpa free ! a must for anyone making their own baby food .
great price and so nice not to have to go out and buy it when your a busy mom . thanks !
i like the mommy's touch , it's a nice soft diaper not as bulky as some others and the sizing works well with my average size 8 month old .
it a nice little product the support pillow could be a little bigger but overall no complaints . both my girls like the crinkly noise the " dashboard " makes
i love it .. very functional and fashionable . its for a day not for a long trip . i recommend this product for multitask women .
baby likes these stack blocks . no complaints and are machine washable . will recommend this to friends . happy mommy and baby
i bought this for my one year old , but my five year old and six year old love it , too .
very cute and well made . not a whole lot of room if you send a snack , breakfast and lunch but very cute !
what baby doesn't like keys ? i got these to keep in the diaper bag and the baby has enjoyed them when we are on the go .
wish i didn't have to prop it open to keep it open , though . it still feels secure without securing to the wall over a year later .
as keys to entertain my son they are wonderful but my son would never put them in his mouth for teething .
great item , my baby loves the music , i love it as well pressing all the buttons , i would def . recommend this item .
i love how my baby boy looks with his little backpack . i can't wait for him to start using it .
wonderful product to help put baby to sleep . my son is 15 months old and this works great to keep him laying down to fall asleep .
these wash clothes are just what i wanted . they are a good size and soft . great shipping and price !
sent this to friend out of towns baby shower as it was on her wish list i am sure she appreciates them
it's exactly what it says it is , it fits standard covers and we didn't notice any odor when we opened it up .
this book is exactly what i was looking for . pages for everything , lot of space for comments . beautiful baby book .
this gown fits our daughter perfectly ( she weighs 20lbs ) . cute design . the fabric is thick . i wish it were a little softer though .
i have the whole line up and i am fascinated by how great the quality is and for a fairly reasonable cost .
baby stays very interested . balls move and bottom one lights up . baby has continued to stay interested in it and it is easy to hold
the material is very soft and the color is nice . cute to put on baby and it works very well at the same time .
good price for 3 replacement and it can use it for more than 3 months if your baby don't chew it .
this is soft and easy to install it'll help my baby from bumping his head . i love the size and fit
she doesn't know how she could go without it . makes it so easy to do other things while she is pumping .
we've flown with this a few times with our chicco keyfit 30 . works perfectly well .
these are good but too small to use for a long period of time . also it's very difficult to get stains out of them .
this is a beautiful item . the material is nice and soft for baby's skin and the pattern is very pretty . perfect for a baby shower gift .
love it use it everywhere . at the store and when going out to eat .
very good , sturdy , entertaining toys.my daughter loves them all.easy to hold them and , not too much water fills , which is a good thing .
very cute and purposeful and really holds a lot of small items where they are still visible when you need them at 3 am .
this bag is really spacious and cute when going out ... however a strap always ... always falls off of my shoulder ... don't really like that
my daughter really hasn't used it too much yet , but she seems to enjoy it and it is pretty easy to clean .
what is one actually purchasing here . that's quite a description . picture looks cute , but who knows what's actually for sale here .
when i first recieved it , it looked really pretty and thick , but after a few washes it started to tear . i wouldn't recommend it .
these are way better than regular baby clippers . these work precisely and i have never clipped my baby's skin . eeccomend to everyone .
my daughter naps on this mattress during the day . looks like she likes it . much better than the mattress we had before
it is a baby gift . when our grandkids were babys we used this all the time , saved us walking the floors allnight
i love that this toy makes the crinkle sound and is a rattle . get when teething because it soaks up the drool and can be washed !
this is a nice soft cover for a changing pad . it is easy to wash and shows no stains at all .
this is a great hamper - no complaints . stylish , easy to use , and has kept its shape well over the past year .
our teething little five month old girl can't really make it vibrate , but the eight month boy grandchild does . he likes it ok .
fits very well , nice and soft , color as expected . i really recommend it . carter's is difficult to beat . baby loves it .
the washcloths are nice for our newborn , they are thin so you can get in and around her neck folds easily for cleaning .
this was a nice idea , but my child took it off very easily no matter what i did to get it to stay on .
these looked great ! they are a gift so we haven't used them yet . just attach baby's favorite toys and entertain them .
not bpa free , thermometer takes forever to work , syringe is questionable , snot sucker does not work ... all in all , pretty useless .
stays on , easy to clean and quick to dry . will buy another . great gift as well.fun prints to choose from .
this is such a cute little car and i love that it doesn't require batteries . it is small and great for babies .
his suctions perfectly in the corner of my bath tub to put all my babies toys in . it has great suction and is never in the way .
my son loves this so much we bought spares . you can't risk losing a lovey ... this is excellent quality and has stood up to many washes .
this does what it says it is supposed to do . it sometimes gets in the way but is nice to have on long walks .
cleared up a lot of space on my ' lawn ' and is perfect for all the teething rings we're going through .
a quick and fun game to use at a baby shower without much fuss and everyone enjoys a lotto card
i bought these for my little dog . he loves them . they are big for him , but also light weight . great .
it has these soft rubber edges , my baby likes to bite on it and it makes some noise shaking it ... can't beat that !
really cute , both my baby and toddler like it . i can see baby in the rear view mirror while in the car .
not only are they cute , but very functional ! this gift set is very nice and really helps for those just starting to pump . highly recommend !
this was very good i really loved it . it was used a lot and nothing bad ever happened to it .
love that this is compact yet very functional while traveling . like that it holds everything in one space as well .
overall a nice inexpensive set with pretty prints , but , textile is of poor quality , and the bumper is not padded .
i have been using it since a year and over and the material and pattern both are interesting for your lill one to engage before or after diaper changing .
used for both my first son , and our new baby boy . these work fast , relieved his gas in just 1 day .
this car seat is easy to use and is comfortable for my daughter . it works great - i would recommend it !
it was great to know that the replacement parts were so inexpensive . these made it possible to have extra parts in my pump at all times .
very soft and of great quality . i recommend this and as needed i'm going to order more . great buy ! mahalo !
this was purchased for a friend at a work baby shower . she loves this pack and play . it's a great purchase for new moms .
fits the ergo sport perfectly , is east to use and will continue to fit as my baby grows into a little boy !
really enjoyed casting my belly ;-) this kit is easy to use ... messy so save the area around you with plastic .
these are the greatest ! ! i would recommend to anyone with a baby .. but make sure to buy them before they begin to stand and get teeth .
we got this for our 3 month old son to use in daycare . he loves to sit in his chair and bat at the little toys .
highly recommend its made very well and i'm sure my grandson on the way will get lots of use out of it :)
i love this item ! it makes keeping up with it much easier ! my son likes something to hold on to also !
adorable doll . the skirt is fluffy and pink . the whole doll is very soft and looks to be a great quality .
the edges were frayed as i started to roll it out . it also does not fit well for my kia sorento windows .
baby didn't like it . she's 15 months now and i have been trying to get her to like it , so far no luck .
this is great for my daughters room . good quality , enough pockets . well worth the price . can't say anything more .
i must admit that it's very nice hooded towel , big enough for the baby and with nice 4 wash clothes .
came home with the ones from the hospital and those gave up on me pretty quick . this one has been around for months and still going strong .
infant loves to teeth on this , while i'm holding him and it's cute too ! better than him chewing on my regular everyday jewelry .
these are a great toy for a young baby . they are colorful and easy to hold onto . my son loved these from just a few months old .
i like the toys on the activity center . the babies seem to really like it so far . i would recommend it .
baby loves it and the price was right too . great for newborn babies . highly recommended ! would make a good baby shower gift .
these are great and such a good value compared to sophie ! perfect texture and the vanilla scent is very appealing .
easy to install on stroller . using for maxi cosi . it clicks in and no need to use the other bar included ..
not the best gate accessory , but it was the only thing that we could find that worked on the small spindles
love these with the velcro , that will come in handy for essay swaddle of my little burrito bean baby girl .
these were great nipples to just stick on the small bottles i was pumping into while i was having to supplement y daughter's nursing .
the mirror is concave , but i could see my baby just fine when i look at it . does job it needs to
this is a cute little blanket with raised dots and satin lining . exploring fingers will find it interesting due to the different textures .
these car seat strap covers are very soft . i am glad i purchased them from amazon .
mommy loves this star just as much as baby ! i like how each point is something different ... the orange one that squeaks is the favorite !
very small stuff , not so useful for my boy , maybe it is good for those who love pacifier , but not mine .
easy to pour food into and clean . makes feeding my son fast and easy . i love this spoon so much that i ordered two more .
seem to not be waterproof , more water resistant . :( still better than terry cloth . i'm ordering more in a new color for bottle feeding .
this is very comfortable for both the parents and the baby .. my 5 month old sleeps within 15 min of putting him in the carrier .. highly recommend
i just wish there was a gate that would fit the bottom of the stairs and be as easily manipulated as this one !
very good product . it was really i was looking for . it is thin and very beautiful . buy it and you will be satisfied
keeps dirty diapers from stinking up or car or others trash cans when on the go . i would recommend this to any mom or dad
these are the only paci clips we use ! we can use them on any pacifier and they're cute designs for both girls and boys !
we use this as a toy bin in my daughter's room , it's not as big as i thought but it fits all her toys and stuffed animals .
i love this and my baby . i use it for tummy time and she loved staring at herself and the bird and owl and fake grass in the mirror
hola , recibi el producto que esperaba me encanta el material con el que fue elaborada la cobija , es muy linda
fantastic ! my little girl just loves it , she spends hours playing and even napping on it . one of the best purchases , definitely recommend .
this works great on out ikea gas stove . my son cannot open it . i would recommended this to a friend .
didn't fit any of our or grandparent's doors . maybe works for some , and i love the idea / design , but definitely didn't work for us .
our great grandson loves to watch it go around . it doesn't stay suctioned to his plastic tray as well as other surfaces , but he really enjoys it .
these are nice but my son never liked them . he prefers gumdrops and i like that they are once piece too
i love . worth it for the price , comes with everything a baby needs , it is worth , i highly recommend it .
works ok to hide smell . we put it inside our diaper dekor . just didn't like that i couldn't choose the scent and they are not individually wrapped .
this would be great if it had a suction cup on the bottom to keep the child from flinging it on the floor . otherwise it was pretty good .
i bought some cheap bibs at a discount store and they were so thin ! these are much thicker but smaller than i'd like for them to be .
the bag makes keeping puke filled infant clothes separate from everything else in the baby bag . pretty darn useful . somehow we never remember to bring it though :-)
changing pad is comfy for my son . he seems to like it and it hasn't fallen apart yet . thats a good sign right ?
i like the idea that it had a little of everything that we could possibly need . you don't know how this has come in handy .
they fit in my prince lionheart warmer well ! cloth wipes are definitely the way to go with cloth or even disposables
very sturdy and safe gate . pricey , but worth it for the security of not having your child falling down stairs .
i freeze breast milk and put it in here for my teething daughter . it works great and the lid stands up on its own which is nice .
this is a nice thingy , but it is overpriced on amazon . i found identical blankie much cheaper in a local store .
my baby will suck on these but she doesn't seem to be able to keep them in her mouth . she nurses on the mams plugs much longer and happier
we only use dr . brown's bottles for our babies & they are great . less spit up & gas . great product .
it does have a rubber lining of the base but my son still slipped on it while trying to stand on it and hit his head ! !
my son hates most bottles but he loves this one . i have just the plain eco bottle , no pictures on it .
out of the box my daughter choose this toy out of all the rest some thing so simple its amazing
bought for my grand daughter and it does what it is supposed to . a little pricey for what it is , but it works .
me encanta el material de la manta , el bordado es muy lindo , el diseño me fascina , lo recomiendo a todos
i like boon products but this really didn't work for my 9 month old . she could easily take it off her tray :(
i love this set , and the kids love to look at one while i brush their hair with the other , super adorable .
to hang it on baby carrier.good product , it's cheaper than other site . that's enough.it has variety colors , my baby love it .
i have a medela breast pump , and this feeding and storage set is so helpful and easy to use !
these bibs are not absorbent at all . baby food runs right off of them onto the babies clothes , which defeats the use of a bib .
very colorful , arrived brand new , adorable for baby boys or girls . will look great in my baby shower gift baskets i make .
there is a new version of it , but this was a great product for us with both of our kids . it's still in use within our family .
ordered this product to help reduce breastfeeding pain product worked pretty well . was a bit bulky . i also found it scratchy . however i would still recommend
looks good and works . the drawers may fall apart eventually but for now i like how it looks and it is functional .
tried this initially with our newborn but didn't fly . tried to change nipples but still didn't work . went back to drop ins which he took to immediately .
they are pretty thin but i think for the price they'll be fine and do the job . the prints are cute .
this light switch cover made an awesome addition to our jungle 1-2- 3 nursery theme . it looks adorable on the wall !
i love these click lock sippy cups . my carpet and i are very happy with these cups . i will continue to only purchase these .
love the mute color and dots ! super soft and it is going to look great with my crib bedding , neutral and pristine .
wish these came in more colors and had more racks to hang other baby utensils on . light weight is good too
the size of this product is good and the screw top lids work well ( although i originally thought they were snap top ) .
and holds the stink in great as well as being waterproof . i just toss it in the wash with the diapers when it's full .
they absorb fountains of formula ( i have reflux babies ) and have saved many outfits and my carpet ! worked so good i bought another set !
its ok i tried other style of same from sae company thats more better ... its look nice but dont hold baby properly
my son got it off with just a tug so it became pointless i suppose it would work well for a younger baby
this product is excellent . guard well the toys and lets the water drain . is not large and takes up little space .
i am just not crazy about how these work . it seems that the warmth was always just ok . i gave up and just use room temp
this is the only teether that my daughter loves.the only downside is that it is not easy to find . thank you amazon !
i was surprised that the necklace worked as well as it did ! baby stopped drooling and we have hardly had any issues with teething .
baby hits herself more than having fun with this toy , is definitely not for a baby less than 6 months old .
what can you say about a changing pad ! it works , what more does anyone need to know . really can't be bad !
interferes with wifi connection , wish it had a zoom , works well in light and dark .
i didn't know what to expect when we ordered this diaper pail . baby is very small but so far it works well .
this is colorful , soft , and makes lots of fun sounds babies love . i would recommend it to anyone for their baby .
love it perfect for my baby she loves this toy its nice my baby plays for 20 minutes without a peep . would recommend
this is the one to get . washed it several times , did not shrink , deep pockets to fit well , good jersey .
i pump right in and send the , to daycare . huge time saver ! they are the perfect size . the lids seal the bottles well .
huge tummy time mat , it's adorable in a nursery , feels so buttery soft and it's totally machine washable . i love it .
i love the prints , i love the softness , perfect for our philippines climate , don't love the price so much though ! perfect gifts !
every child i know would love this ... it is so soft and snuggly ... the colors are calming and would be good for a child to sleep with ...
this is an excellent no spill sippy cup . my daughter had no problem going straight from dr . brown's bottles to this sippy .
i think it took my husband 3 seconds to put this on . it does what it is supposed to do , so i gave it 5 stars .
although , it's a little bright it's very safe in a babies room . nothing really to break off of it to cause it to stop working .
can't say enough for this brand , it helped my daughter's colic a lot . the level 3 worked for my baby when she turned 6 months old .
my nephew loves butterfly so i thought that buying this one will be fun . nice toy and a lot of activities
. do not purchase if you have a dog or cat in the house . hair sticks to this toy like crazy ! ! !
tubing is very much functional , the only problem i have is how the stiffness of the tubes makes them keep whatever shape they were stored in .
great changing pad cover . extra soft and well made . didn't shrink at all in the wash as long as you follow the manufacturer's recommendations .
this is my sons lovely ... we have two of them . the music box has been removed but it plays calming sounds to relax babies .
these are awful . they do not stay put . they are too small to cover vinyl completely . should have some sort of slidproofing on back .
too short unless you only want the child's bottom covered ... which i don't in the nasty public bathrooms.there are better products out there for sure .
these are nice , soft and dry well . it's unfortunate that they stain after washing . any tricks ? but otherwise - a worthwhile product .
love it my lil man loves them too . wish they made more boy colors though . deff . recomend getting these easy to handle for the babes .
these are great spoons , my 20 month old finds them easy to hold , haven't had any issues to report . the do their job .
it does everything it advertises plus you can wash it in the washing machine for after use to ensure that it stays clean for your next trip !
works perfectly . got compliments on the pattern . the ribbing sticks out just enough to see the baby without revealing anything else .
i love this for my granddaughters stroller . it holds things for her to play with but doesn't let them get thrown or touch the floor !
this paci isn't bad - but hard to tell which way to put it in the mouth when lighting isn't great .
real very light , color is also beautiful . very suitable for children . she is very like , i am very satisfied with the purchase .
not much needs to be said . we have it , and our son used it often . excellent product , easy to use .
i returned it . it . looked cute but so thin you could see through it . would not recommend to anyone else .
this is my son's favorite sippy cup . he loves the handles , so easy for him to hold ! i love the colors .
very clear great monitor ... wish it had two portable units but the system is very clear and quiet no fuzz ...
the pink dragon behind the waterfall was his favorite page but every page had something to entice his sensory . great book for infants !
i have a bob revolution se and this was a great add-on . very easy installation and removal , very sturdy . overall very pleased .
great gift idea . my two month old daughter loves these . she cooes and tries to grab them . keeps her entertained .
this is a perfect soft glow for the nursery . i like that you can choose your color setting or choose the rotating colors .
been shedding no matter how many times i wash it . now the one side is completely covered in lint balls .
these are great . they do exactly what they need to and they are easy to work with . no problems here .
the only bottles my baby used . i tried like 6 different brands before i got these bottles and my baby loves them .
just received the item , didn't get to use it yet , but it looks very well made , and my daughter loves the design !
my daughter loves this but she did have a hard time holding them like the shaped ones that are easy for little fingers to grip .
my mom loves it very much ! it is essential in cold area ~ baby keeps warm and calm inside ~ we bought black and we love it
my daughter didn't like these , however a friends daughter loved it . the shape is fun and it is easy for a child to hold
i bought this for my grandson , to entertain him in the car . he loves it . i like the selection of music .
not flimsy ! sturdy , interesting and small for little kids hands ! very useful and easy to open and close back up for cleaning
this was the best price i could find . i was able to order the pad and a cover for the price of a pad anywhere else .
i'm using these with my cool gear travel potty . i think their awesome and think its a good price for 30 .
arrived quickly and works well to bath baby . will probably order more as needed .
this is a very durable , high quality tub . i would definitely recommend this fine product as it's worth the price .
i love these , they are so soft and absorbant , i have 18 of them and it's a good amount to not have to wash every day .
washed and dried well . no shrinkage . exactly what i wanted . would highly recommend . i like the mesh sides and fitted elastic .
it is very portable . we use it in his crib and and long trips and it keeps him occupied for a few minutes .
purchased this for my little guy he's in the grabbing stage 3-4 mth old and he loves chewing on it . would buy it again !
love the ease of use and portability of this cup and my 8 month old loves it too ! i will be buying a second .
perfect size to fit on my dresser / changing table combo . i love the contour sides . i love the no slip bottom . it is perfect .
this organizer fits the city mini perfectly . the velcro straps are easily adjusted around the handle of the stroller and stays put even when the stroller is collapsed .
these cups are terrible . they are heavy and extremely bulky . very difficult for our toddler to handle . don't like them at all !
exactly the same as the one that came with my pump which is a lansinoh . fits perfectly and works perfectly .
the patterns are cute , but the bibs are really too thin . my baby's shirt underneath gets wet too quickly with just a normal amount of drool .
these bottles are pretty awesome ! you can gently squeeze the air out so your baby doesn't get gassy . they're also easy to clean .
after washing this once the fit is not great in relation to a standard mattress . it's almost like it shrunk .
haven't needed the comb but the brush is great ! it's nice and soft so it doesn't hurt my son's head when brushing his hair .
these are pretty good , however , i can't wait to have the windows tinted so that we can remove these . not able to open windows .
much better than traditional style clippers for tiny fingers . very strong and sharp . seem very safe , and easy to use . worth the few extra dollars .
this is a cute toy . crinkles , squeaks , and has great teething areas . great for a little boy or girl . would recommend .
my youngest grand daughter is now using these they are very sturdy as this is grand daughter number 2 using them
so happy to find a cozy fleece sleepsack that doesn't come in a washed-out pastel color . keeps my little cupcake warm at night while looking delectably adorable !
it's light , moves smoothly , and is quite affordable.we ' ve had no problems at all . it's our most used stroller .
same color ; i find chiper @ tj max more chiper and cotton but this one it is ok to ... nice
this was a great toy when my baby was learning to sit on her own . she has been sitting for 4 months and still likes it .
seems like a good idea to have this . a place to dry and have handy when needed . delivery as stated . no problems with this
don't waste your money on this . it's really junky and nothing special . we ended up buying the sassy crib and floor mirror and it's fabulous .
we do love it and our daughter too , but it leaks , leaks , leaks all the time , nothing we can do about it
my son loves this toy ! there's so much for him to squeeze and chew on . if he doesn't have it , he's just not happy !
super easy to clean - way more so than those mesh ones . it also came with a holder than can be used for pacifiers as well .
arrived on time , cute design and my granddaughter loves them as we use only nuk products .
i would probably purchase another diaper bag . stuff do fall out from the bag when i place the bag in the car .
it works great , although i had to make some adjustment to his car seat it does the job . i have another one for his swing
this works okay but was not what i expected . i like other shells that i've purchased better and find that this one is a last resort .
this works really well , it was easy to install and is easy to use . it has held up well for several months .
i like it enough . daughter sleeps well on it , although the mattress is a little loud . i suppose that's good because it means it's waterproof .
not tried yet . i feel it is good.colourful ... and hope my baby will like them and feel fresh about different colours .
this fitted crib sheet has a cute design and washes well . we got the matching changing pad cover and it looks nice .
this product works great ! thick padding and soft on babies gums . the price is well worth it ! perfect fit ! easy to clean !
it's easy to use and my baby like to use it . my wife like the color so i purchased . so far so good
great for any stroller . absolutely love it . if you think that you need extra support on running with a baby stroller then it's absolutely a must buy
at 7m my dd couldn't live without this . she has multiple ones . we use them for her teething toys as well as the binki .
really too think to be called a blanket . you will need to use multiple of these to keep baby warm !
it was so thick it tilted my mattress significantly . not useable for us . maybe with a heavier mattress it would work well .
the size on this sheet is good , and i took care to wash on cold and line dry but it still pilled up after the first wash .
these are great , exactly what i needed for my medela breast pump . just what they are supposed to be , no faulty info for this product !
works in car , diaper bag , crib . perfect mirror for development and to help mommy see if in car . . . .
fun ! these are great for rolling around and shaking . fyi , they don't quite fit in the fisher price gumball machine , but that's no biggie .
my daughter loves this toy and it is great because it is easy for their little fingers to gip and durable after many throws !
it sticks well on the window glass but doesn't cover much of the surfacedefinitely smaller than we expectedmay be good for smaller cars
these are so soft , wash well and have a generous fit . price was good . i had trouble finding pack n play sheets in local stores .
it didn't fit my standard sized crib . we bought the breathablebaby breathable mesh crib liner and that was a much better fit and look .
needed a baby on board sign . this was what was on amazon .. works as advertised . would recommend to any new parents !
ditto to all the other reviews that say the gate is extremely difficult to install , but it's worth it once it's in place - - it works very well
makes cleaning up a messy crib much easier . the fact that it's organic makes me feel better it's against my lil one's delicate skin :)
this product is very good , my friend very like it . so iwill buy another item at here and tell my another friend buy it .
my toddler is ready to start potty learning , but couldn't reach the water to wash her hands . this makes the water come to her . love it !
only complaint i have is the mesh siding is weak . i wish it was a heavy mesh . seems like it will rip easy .
she ( 6 months ) does love to gnaw on it . it hasn't completely cured her obsession with my iphone , but it's a start .
we picked these up for my one year old son and he enjoys learning to self feed using these easy to hold utensils .
big enough to fit enough supplies for my twins for a full day including cloth diapers ! cleans well and very durable . plus the print is super cute !
very beautiful and has some things that babies like , however my kid wasn't too interested in it . which bummed me out because i really liked it .
my daughter rarely plays with these blocks . i think she doesn't find them useful . i think they might fit better a 6-9 month old .
also , there's no way to wash the cover except spot cleaning . strange that a removable cover is not currently available .
my baby was knawing on her fingers , she is 5 months . this has been a great thing when she can figure out how to hold it right .
they wear out like any sponge . but they do work and are always at the ready when you need ' em . we're on our second one now .
it's a good quality product . it doesn't slide or anything so that's very good . worth the money .
this works great for my toddler to wash her hands . i plan to order a couple more soon . really like .
gotta keep that baby comfortable and this sure helps with those mattresses . washes up nice . i washed it on gentle to be sure it didnt cause damage .
the colors are great , but they do fade with the many washes . also , the side seems are starting to come off . but they still work !
good quality . there are different fiber / material in each page . and each page has different touch sound . my baby loves it .
i love theese.they are great buy for your stroller , they are really convienent when hauling diferent things on the stroler , really good quiality
this blanket is so soft and cuddly . it is perfect to go along with a jungle nursery theme . we love it and highly recommend it .
perfect to hold all the small pieces ( like the medela pump small parts ) so they don't fall into the grass .
nice design and colors but not too practical . i dont want to carry a ball for each different snack i take with me .
our baby doesn't love these , but they do a great job of removing those pesky boogers . a good friend warns that this can become addictive .
absolutely awesome . gives kids more independence in the bathroom . makes hand washing fun . easy to use , move , clean , etc . no downside .
i love how this collapses flat and the color is identical to the photo ! a better buy than the boon bath .
the perfect tub it fits in our double sink and my baby boy loves the comfortable sling makes bathing easy
very soft . cute polka dot design . and washes very well considering it's white we've had no stains from dear daughter's wild diaper episodes !
these plugs are actually really difficult to open so i end up pulling them out of the outlet sockets anyways .
this product is cute , durable , just what we needed . we use it for my toddler brushing her teeth at the sink .
this allows my baby to sleep in the play yard for naps in the daytime . it is a secure fit in my graco .
these aren't as thick as the babies r us version , but way better than most of the other ones . all things considered , i like them .
the brushes tend to go bad after a while . not as sharp , so i needed more . good price , good quantity . thanks !
its great to hold baby's neck and provide some cushion support to the seat belt straps . happy with the purchase .
this is great on a stroller if there is no wind ... otherwise it blows around and sun gets in my daughters eyes .
i love these binkies , they are not made of dangerous chemicals so i feel they are safe for my baby .
my 6 month old is teething & can easily grip this teether plus it soothes him . i like that it is made from natural material .
these replacement caps do exactly as they say they will do . we didnt have enough caps to fit the amount of bottles and these were just an addition .
el sistema funciona perfectamente . el cepillo llega a todos los rincones del tetero y no queda la sensacion de que falto algun espacio por limpiar .
these bags are wonderfully made and a perfect size for a toddler or a young child . they are a great quality and i love that they zip up .
it helps my baby fall asleep and stay asleep longer , no more startled newborn . she sleeps like a baby ... thanks
the material isn't great , but it does the job for a pack n play . for the price , you can't beat it !
this carrier is amazing . lightweight , easy to store , comfortable and durable . don't need another carrier ! this one will be it for my family .
used this for a recent trip so we could take the car seat on the plane . worked out super great !
its perfect for short outing if u dont want to carry big box of formula ... overall i m happy with it
these bags are the best . hold up to 6oz , that's more than the other bags , they're easy to use , simply love them .
my granddaughter loves this mat ! perfect for those tummy times on the floor ! very bright and attractive for a baby's first toy !
these fit perfectly in our vw golfs . we got a set for each car . nice and good quality material and protects the car well .
the adult version was really disappointing considering price and hype but this is so cute and my daughter absolutely loves it .
my grandson looked so cute crawling around with adorable pacifier in his mouth . goes great with the soccer ball style also .
if you shop around you can get this for $ 99 - do not know why it is more expensive here ! amazon usually has the best price .
this product has a great suction so it does not get knocked off the stroller . the bright colors and contrasting black and white keep my baby very intrigued .
the book itself is bright and colorful . it makes the sound of being crumpled when touched and has a fuzzy owl on the front .
i tried using this with a coach bag but it didnt work well because it kept bunching up in the bag and added substantial weight to the bag as well
use these with the evenflo glass bottles . use all the speeds as baby grows and they clean easily and hold up over time .
baby loves it ! he likes to look at it and makes him smile when i have it kiss him ! i love it too !
love how small this product folds into so it's not such a huge ball to carry around . would definitely recommend .
the baby loved the rattle , it was easy to hold and play with . the older kids liked it very much too .
noce and soft , a little thin but i still like it . seems to wash well and it stretches enough to easily get onto mattress .
i got this to work with my " lawn " and i couldn't be happier . it works great and looks good too !
great for rice cereal bottle at night time . watch and listen to make sure nipple doesn't get clogged but overall great
i much prefer my baby bourn . i ordered this for my husband and we felt we could have gone up a size .
the baby loves playing with these in her bath they're easy for her to pick up and splash in the water
i bought this because it is larger than many other teethers and easier for my 4 month old to hold . glad to have found it online .
awesome , as always . i bought this one and a few toddler ones with the feet . i love them all . :)
this tub toy is just ok . there's nothing especially fun about this turtle . look around for something more fun before you buy this tub toy .
bought this as a gift , and not sure who has more fun with it - the mom or the baby . quality construction and materials , and washable .
this was my sons first toy . he loved the songs and the the lights . we passed it down to his little brother who loved this as well .
this cover fits nicely and gives a new look to an old item and keeps it clean by machine washing
very nice for the money and very cute . i would for sure purchase this again and would recommend it to others
very sturdy and adorable diaper stacker . i love this theme for my daughter's room . it does it's job . no complaints !
they are cute and make lots of noise with the crunchy stuff , however they lean and fall over when all stacked up . kinda defeats the purpose .
my 3 months old cant grab it cause the handle is tooooo fat , but it is very soft and good quality .
kids love them , and they are easy to clean , and do not get the mold smell to them . durable as well
it is so big my baby is lost in it ... it is an adult sized towel to wrap around my neck ... i would not recommend it ...
super soft , but they get dirty very easily ... would definitely recommend these inserts for cloth diapers , if you don't mind stains on them ...
i am very happy this this mattress . it fits perfectly without any gaps ( in the bottom as well at the bassinet ) .
these are great . i should have bought hemp inserts from the beginning . they don't stink like the microfiber ones . they are thin .
i bought these for my son's playroom . they are so cute and i'm glad i purchased them ! you will love these little stickers !
i have only had them for a hort while and they perform well . i hope the boxes will hold up as we'll use them more .
i like this toy for the cost and my 3 month old can grab it , which he can't do with his stuffed animals or rattles yet .
when i bought this i think it was only 10 bucks so wait for the price to drop but its great quality a must have for sure
this little teether is very cute , but once my baby got enough teeth , she could tear the green plastic apart with her new chompers .
this is my favorite changing pad cover - very very soft for baby , washes great , and fits my changing pad . fast shipping too !
not one leak , durable , handle many washings in the dishwasher :) i got all blue & green , though , hoped for some pink !
great for cheerios , etc ... although its not 100 % spill proof , it is the best think i used with toddlers ... i buy them as gifts
love these bottles ! they are good quality , and the nipple works well for my son , who is also breastfeeding , no confusion issues .
i use this drying rack daily . there is plenty of space to fit all of my bottles and pump parts without taking up too much counter space .
i like this because nothing falls out.but its kind of hard and the kid doesnt seem to like to put hands in as much as other brands .
my son loved this he is four months old . i would recommend this for any baby they will like it music is fun and has volume controls .
the philips avent washable nursing pads is a big help when i'm at work doesn't get wet easily and worth the price .
i like these little cloths . for the price and quantity i highly recommend this buy . i use them for a few different things .
thirsties covers are awesome for prefolds and fitted diapers . this is the only brand of cover that i will buy .
he prefers this to all his other toys - swing , bouncy , etc . the music is great , the toys are engaging . great product !
my newborn won't keep these on for anything . they are way too big , very soft , but don't stay on .. wish they were smaller
i couldn't live without my bobby . it's a necessity for breastfeeding ! just make sure you get a cover for easy removal and washing !
this is a great little toy . soft , cute and washable ( very important ! ) . baby loves him and his crinkly sounding head ! :)
much less expensive as all those fancy ones out there , and does just as nice of a job ! i like that it doesn't have any electronics .
i love the entire line of oxo tot products ! this wipes dispenser keeps wipes tidy and organized on your changing table .
i sleep soo much better now ! i highly recommend ! cover comes off easily to wash too . i have no complaints .
these are way better than those bulky plugs my son tried to take these out but he couldn't . i totally approve of these .
we love it , baby loves it , washes easy , good price , free shipping when bought from amazon ! great size for ec babies !
baby loves reading this book and is starting to pull back the items on each page . very cute and teaches practical skills .
good , soft fitted sheet that fits my daughter's mini crib even after multiple washes . wish there could be more colors / designs .
a great basic ruffle to hide the underneath workings of our crib . i like the white , it's clean and simple and matches everything in the room .
i love those bags . they have the perfect size , are great quality and don't let any wetness through
this fits our crib mattress perfectly - no more struggling with flat sheets . the design is really cute . very soft and smooth . love it !
these bibs are a little big & bulky & a little pricey , but they work great at catching almost all meeses and clean up great .
works very well for new borns . there is an adjustable strap that wraps around the headrest and clips on to itself .
i love that it's organic , however that it simply for my peace of mind . the cover fits my standard crib mattress perfectly .
first ensure that your baby seat permits somehow to release the belts so you can introduce this one ... sounds logic right ?
this truly helped organized the freezer . flattening the bags makes thawing exponentially easier . i would recommend this highly to any family with a breast feeder .
does a good job of keeping the odour down . i use a diaper service so they are in the pail for up to a week .
good purchase . good price . my daughter is 2.5 and has no issues sleeping on it . super easy to fold up - collapses and stores !
we really liked this , and my daughter enjoyed having a tray in front of her for her snacks or toys as she learned to sit .
we used these bibs exclusively as drool absorbers . there are many great colors to match any of my daughter's outfits and they kept her dry .
great comfy carrier . the take back is that you need to buy insert for bigger baby and the insert is another 30 bucks !
great value for the price . i bought 2 of these and so far i have no complaints . fits nice in chevy trailblazer and chevy equinox .
i like it because my baby loved chewing on it and it was also shaped like a pacifier and easy for him to use .
she said it's okay , but then it worked , sort of ... i don't know . i bought this for her , she should rate it .
this clip is cute , but doesn't work . the clip doesn't hold and keeps on falling off , defeating the purpose of having a clip .
i was looking for replacement tubing for my pump in style unit which is 5 years old . this is perfect for what i needed .
this works great as counter art and as a drying rack . the grass keeps everything from falling off and it looks good to .
bought as a gift i put together and really easy to do . i cant wait until she is big enough to use
love it . makes my life easier that i don't have to wash all the parts of the by hand and that saves me lots of time
great socks for the 1 year old and up . they have nice sole pads on the bottom for no slipping .
it's so hard to find mini crib sheets anywhere else that will fit my 3 " mattress . this product fits mine perfectly . washes well .
the best mirror i could image . easy to install , big mirror allows good eye contact with baby . easily adjusts to individual drivers .
my daughter loves these spoons & forks ! the spoon is deep enough that food actually stays on there from her plate into her mouth !
my daughter doesn't seem that interested in this product . the only good thing is that i can check in my rearview to see if she is asleep
been using it since we bought it . really helps when you are shopping and have something to put in it .
great , easy to use product . saves time and easy to travel with . i've used this attached to my baby's bumbo seat for feeding and playing .
this wet / dry bag is the perfect size for holding damp and dry cloth wipes in my diaper bag . i love all of the color sections .
it does what its supposed to do . it fits perfectly witht the full system . i think its just difficult to clean
great for babies to learn the colors in different languages and very vibrant colors so it attracts my babies attention , cute melodies
i like these cups but i thought these were smaller / shorter . i had to return them and order tjhem from somewhere else .
easy to wash , easy to use , catches food my toddler drops , well worth the money . throw away your fabric bibs and buy this !
i love the " idea of this , but i am going to have to use this a little more to know just how it works !
this mobile is great ! my son absolutely loves watching it rotate and the leaves going up and down ! i definitely recommend !
the whale design maatches the water spout cover we purchased for tub and lo seems to enjoy the new pieces as part of her bath ritual .
the color and make not good enough . looks not stable and it's all head side down when i put it in to the water .
it is both too long , too bulky , and too filled . i hated and could not get comfortable on this . would not recommend
my son loved from about 4 to 7 months but outgrew and wanted something harder for teething pain .
easily attaches to wall and fits nicely , open mesh allows toys to dry well between bathes . couldn't ask for more !
just like my overview says , it's simple and sturdy . keeps my toddler out of the newborns room , and keeps my dog out too !
i love it . we use it for the edge of the bed . i have no bruises anymore and it is safe for he baby had and teeth .
i love that the wubbanub keeps the pacifier in the baby's mouth . it isn't overbearing though . this one is particularly cute too and very colorful .
it's cute and functional ! i now have two of them ! holds three pacifiers easily and is easy to find in a crammed diaper bag .
we got the whole jungle tales set and i just wanted a back-up sheet . i love the colorful dots in this sheet !
a great addiditon to our food preparation tools . works wonderfully well for avocado - easy to mash and clean up
the size small bag was a perfect size to hold bathing suits and snacks for my 8 month old . owl pattern super cute too ! great quality .
very cushioned , kind of big for newborn . they are cute . material is soft , not ultra soft , but enough i think .
this is crap and my baby almost choked . babies don't know which is front and back and when insert the tail in , that's the troubled long end .
these work so much better than the old school pins . i don't have to worry about stabbing my baby with these . a good economical choice for diapering .
i had used them for a year and a half and just bought more for next baby , they work great ! great product
this gate is going to get the job done however it is a little hard to open and close . other then that it is great .
he loves any toy that's a giraffe . this one is easy to hold and chew on too . it can be hung too . nice toy .
i wanted to capture my daughters first year and these are a quick and easy way to do it . you can reposition them if need be .
is practice , is a very good help to feed the baby with hygiene and expeditiously , spacious and comfortable to put their bottles
could work for some , but my baby will not put these in her mouth . she does like the soothie brand .
this sheet has held up well . perfect size , soft , and beautiful color . my daughter loves sleeping on it because of how soft it is .
peeled right off even though we followed the instructions to the letter . disappointed but at least it didn't damage the crib coming off .
this little blanket is so adorable and works perfectly for a baby . the pattern is so cute and is exactly as pictured
these are a great size for larger babies , and are worth the extra money ... i use these with my bummis prefolds and love them
rubber ducky doesn't look so tough , and won't talk . tried : boiling water , water boarding , slow cuts , nothing worked . not a peep .
we only tried this once . it was too flimsy didn't hold up well . wasn't good for eating or holding food .
didn't have the pairing issues that others mentioned . am using two cameras in 1 room to get two different angles and so far , so good ! !
easy to put on and remove , holds two cups plus there's a section in the middle for other items , as well as a zipper compartment .
such a nice gift set , if you are looking for quality and at a great price this is perfect dont pass it up , buy it ! !
super cute paci holder , snaps to outside of my diaper bag for very convenient quick locating ! a must have for new parents .
these clippers are easy to use , and helps ensure that we get a good cut each time ! every parent should own these !
my son loves this ! ! i love the remote and my son just learned he can turn it on himself ! ! totally worth the money ! !
wish i had gotten the natural bottles instead , but the work just find . will recommend using the avent baby bottle products .
me encanta este coche para mi bebe es muy practico para salir a pasear con el al parque tremendo precio accesible
the pendant was a little bigger than i was expecting , but i still love it . it's easy for my baby to grab and she loves chewing it !
we've had this little teether for 16 months and it was great for early teething ... and since has continued to be a beloved play toy .
hold a ton of weight ! never falls ! ! holds a good amount of toys too . we love it !
great to use to clean baby's nose without worrying that it'll hurt the baby . comes with a cover so it is kept clean for the baby .
this is the best baby product we own ! our son loves riding faced in and out . it's comfortable to wear and costs little compared to other brands .
traditional plastics contain so many chemicals , i was really excited to get these for my baby . i hand wash them and they have kept well .
this swing is amazing . our daughter had reflux and this is the only way we could get her to sleep !
rated 1 star until its used . then i'll re-rate it . baby due dec 1 2013 . i'm sure it will be good
he does not love it , but he chews on it and bangs it all over , so i guess he likes it :)
my daughter loves playing with it . she has had them for more than six months still love it . great buy
these work as expected , they have stopped my twins from playing their favorite game with me ; watch daddy fetch my toys
the price of this mattress was the best i found anywhere else . its nice a firm . i recommend this highly .
the mattress arrived quickly , fit the crib we ordered and was exactly as shown and described . we are happy with this purchase .
i love it . goes on the wall nicely . holds all of my daughter's bath toys . not a bad price . pretty sturdy
the paci holder works good , easy to use with all our pacifiers . the print is really cute . clip works good too .
shopping is so much easier with these stroller hooks almost like having an extra set of hands . have used other brands but they have broken .
this is essential for cloth diapers . just throw prerinsed cloth diapers in here and then don't have touch diapers again when put them in the washer
i loved the look and feel of these teethers - and saved having to put my own washclothes in the freezer .
love these bibs they are good for my boy the size is great and the shipping was fast too , good for any parent with little onees
this product helped me feel secure with our newborn . it worked perfectly . it kept him from slipping as an infant .
this teething necklace looks great on my son and is small enough that he doesn't try to eat it . highly recommend it !
i use this to see my son in the back seat of the car . it works great and stays in place . he loves looking at himself .
my daughter loved this tub ( and the quacking ) . after 12 months she was ready for a non-slip adult tub though .
i had no choice to buy these online . it is hard to find in stores . my 18 month old granddaughter needed this size .
great bottles , no air at all ! she only drinks from these bottles since she was 3 mos ( she's now 11mos ) . would definately recommend it !
good product for the breast feeding moms . my wife love this product and we always used avent products because of the quality and reasonable prices
this is a very nice mattress . it fits perfect in my portable crib . its very firm and my baby sleeps very soundly on it .
this is my daughter's favorite teether . cold or not , she'll chew on it all day ! it's very easy for her to grip and manipulate by herself .
thank you . i wasn't expected two day shipping . it was awesome and this play yard is very strong enough to wiggle by baby .
it leaks , it's hard to take apart to clean , the closing mechanism pops off and my kids don't seem to enjoy drinking from it .
i found these to be a decent item . frankly though using links was way easier , and definitely easier to clean since they don't hold drool .
she will cuddle this a little but never seemed to get to fond of it . prefers her regular blanket or my shirt better .
they great colors if you want vary i wash them often and the color stay .. . i really like them
this is an excellent wipe . size is approximately 6 x 6 inches and very soft . seems well made and i hope they last a long time .
this is an attractice bin that matches my baby's room and holds several baby toys . it is well-constucted and i like how the handles are reinforced .
i bought these sippy cups for my son because he loves nemo . they are super cute and a little wide because they're insulated but are very durable .
item was in box with open front . looked a little used . sounds so soft i can barely hear them . disappointing .
it is great for my baby's clothes . love the color and it goes well with the crib from same place .
came quickly as expected , quality as expected also ! so very cute i love the sassy product high quality and just a nice toy !
i bought this for the twin maclaren triumph . it doesn't fit on the bar and turns when there is a cup placed in it .
it is an awesome product . it allows my hands to be free while i pump . highly recommend it to double electric pump users .
little big for my 9month old , but he will grow into it in no time . super helpful in keeping him clean as he learns to feed himself .
these sheets are very nice and soft - they are not very thick though , if that's what you are looking for .
my daughter is 2 and a half months now , and she loves this mobile very much . she likes to look at it and listen to the music .
my son loves this worm . one thing i didn't like was that the music was too low , barely heard it .
this is such a cute baby changing mattress cover . it is such a cute light blue color and it is super soft . totally worth the money !
not the best that's toy organizer but it's doable . doesn't hold much but it's okay size if your child doesn't have too much toys to put away .
great product , came sooner than expected , but i thought it would be a little thicker than it is . i'm not sure how long it will last ...
this may be the most used item we have since having the baby ... other than the bottles themselves or a changing pad . love it .
they're for my grandson , we were fine , the colors are beautiful , very good design , i recommend it this product . m
the bumbo works super well . our baby is just 3 months and already using it :) it makes for the cutest pictures !
this product looks great and was easy to put together . it's folds easily when you're not using it and all in all a great purchase .
lighweight and easy to use . bought for spare boosters , and it works great . too wide for porsche carrerra rear bucket seats .
it was great when my daughter was teething . i put an ice cube in there and it kept her happy for a while .
my daughter-in-law requested these for when our grand son starts to stand in the crib . they look perfect , but he's not quite there yet !
very soft & cuddly feeling sheets . they fit on the 3inch foam porta crib mattress perfectly that i bought for my pack n play .
these blankets are perfect for everything from swaddling to covering up while nursing . they are my new go to gift for new moms !
good cover , good price , also comes with a teething ring which is nice for a teething baby . covers all different size carts .
much smaller than expected . the size it's similar to a queen size pillow ... so although it is soft , not very useful .
it's durable , clean well , and keeps pacifer on her clothes ... everything i was looking for .. and it's cute ! the price is good too .
purchased this for our travel pack and play , for naps on the go . our daughter seems to really like it , soft and cozy .
this is hard to get on and off and you can't see how many ounces are left in the bottle !
mu daughter likes it very much . she can sleep for a while in it . it's easy to fix and the color is beautiful .
didn't sit in well with our crib at all and it just looks strange and it's so thin that i don't see the purpose really
this 5 oz bottle came with a size 2 nipple which was way too fast of a flow for my breastfed son . much better bottles out there .
this fits perfectly in the stork craft tuscany crib we bought on amazon . it is also a good firmness , not rock hard but not floppy or soft .
i use these blankets for everything they are easy to fold wash well and very soft . my son loves to be swaddled in one . :)
these are great teathing toys . many teethers are too thick to actually get into a baby's mouth . these are just right .
works great in the bathtub to organize toys . love the built in shelf to hold baby wash / shampoo . easy installation and feels sturdy .
we have had a hard time finding anything to fit our claw foot tub and this fit the bill perfectly .
very nice design , soft color match all girls clothes . a bit more expensive than other colors who knows why ... but it is ..
extra space , entertaining and fun ! little over priced but it's safe and durable so we enjoyed it while it was needed .
this spoon makes feeding my 4 month old super easy and fun ! i would buy it again in a heartbeat !
this is an amazing gift set . all the essentials you will need to get you started with feeding your newborn .
this is a super cute bag that i plan on using for pacifiers etc . in my diaper bag . i think i am going to order some more .
it makes pumping so much easier . it's comfortable and just what i was looking for . i can't imagine having to hold the bottles while pumping .
broke as we were trying to put it on . very poor quality . don't bother purchasing this .
my one year old who only drinks from straw cups loves this cup . i just wish the spout was longer .
got for my " extra sister " and it is adsolutely adorable ! the lottle one will love snuggling in it ! :) thank you :)
have used this for a not so great car traveler and it provides a great distraction ! would definitely recommend this !
replacement straws work great , easy to install . cleaning brush fits the thin zoli straws better than other brand straw cleaning brushes .
i love that i can have a " high chair " in my house for my grand kids , without taking up much space . great chair !
does its job zipper is great the velcro on the side should be a little more so i can adjust it but overall its beautiful so worth it
my daughter got this pacifier from the hospital and loves it . so i ordered spares for the diaper bag and around the house . excellent product .
i bought this as gift for grandson . appears to be well made and user friendly . very satisfied . would definitely recommend .
these sippy cutes aren't quite leak free , but they are the closest to it i've found . i'll be buying more .
when there are a lot of people , or go out , it brings me a lot of convenience ， i like it , recommend him to all need friends
worked on me and the baby , seems like the best way to test her temperature without waking her up . a must buy for parents
cheaper version of alva baby but totally works . inserts are lacking in the absorbency arena but otherwise its great and washes really easily .
food was freezer burned within the time it took to freeze it . tried putting the tray in a ziploc bag and it didn't make much difference .
my wife needs these for her comfort , but they barely fit into the other plastic pieces of the pump kit . just barely , but they do work .
my son loves these plates . they are quite sturdy . he has a matching backpack . i wish they were microwavable , though .
my baby likes it but he is getting kind of bored with it lately , still pretty distracting and makes crinkly sounds .
great color and love that i can attach this to all kinds of towels and blankets . we never loose the pacifier now
has worked great for us ! we have been using this pad for 2 years .
good product . my little girl enjoys those letters and numbers . they do not smell odd . your kid will be happy .
great size for a diaper bag . fitsd several diapers and i use it at day care . great buy and i will probably buy another !
the assembly was easy enough and once put together , the crib was sturdy and looked nice . i like that it comes with the toddler rail for later .
this is the perfect little travel dish rack for our baby bottles and pumping equipment . it folds up pretty compact and does the job .
no complaints ! love this carrier . only complain , baby outgrew it . we did get a lot of use out of it though before that .
a perfect fit ... it was exactly what i needed ! now i can keep up with the breastfeeding for a long time without worry .
i don't remember how many packages of this product i bought for my two babies . again it doesn't last long ; meaning expensive .
my 21month old loves to slam doors and most of the time his finger will be in it . not now with this guard his fingers are safe .
had one when i was a kids . it works great to keep toys up out of the way , and have room on the bed .
works perfect for cloth wipes and homemade solution the weighted insert holds the wipes down to be able to pull one out at a time .
this product is meant to be chewed on by a baby , but the shape makes it so that it does not fit well in a little mouth .
we used this in our stroller for our tiny 5lb baby and it made the seat comfortable and supportive for him .
i'm very sensitive to smells and i can't smell these . i wonder if mine are broken or old . - 1 star if i could .
they dont make it through the wash totally intact like the other ones which means they are probably a bit safer for the septic system . light and soft .
these are good quality , thick and durable and sold at a good price . i would highly recommend them and buy more of them in the future .
works perfectly ! my only wish is that it came with the unit when we purchased it originally.easy to install and use - most definitely reccomended !
what a great stroller ! i was looking for a stroller that would be easy to travel with on a plane , and this stroller was perfect !
wow my baby is in love . he wouldn't let go of this little guy all night . great for teething baby ! !
love this toy . my baby loves it and plays with it on a daily basis . no small parts to worry about and feels durable .
its comfy , has a nice colors , light weight , portable , i take it all around my apartment . not bulky and heavy
this are great when attached to the stay dry insert . they held up to my heavy wetter 12 hours nighttime routine without leaks .
this mat is a very good size with many great activities . easy to wash . i highly recommend this mat for infant play .
great bottle nipples for great bottles . dr . brown's quality as expected . nothing negative to report here . works well . great quality .
perfect for on the go . contains the stink from poo diapers . love the pattern . couldn't be happier with it . loveit
great colors , feel , and size.love the contrast it has . returned item bacause i ended up buying a big pack of toys for what was a bargain .
my two year old son loves warm and soft bed . the right size . will recommend to friends with children . good
this product is well made and easy to put in car seat . keeps the car seat warm and is very soft .
same as alva diaper , i like it and it came with 2 insets so that was a nice plus ! no complaints at all . cute
no need to continue spending on disposables . bought two packs of these to rotate through the wash and they work great .
i really like the smell , and i don't usually like watermelon scents . no stink issues in six months of use with very hard water .
this is a great set for baby and peace of mind for mommy no dodgy chemicals , travel friendly and unbreakable may buy another set !
save your money - look up online and make the old school flour water and salt recipe you will get a better result :)
very cute , vibrant colors . for a baby who hated to be swaddled and a mom too neurotic to put a blanket anywhere near her . :d
i love the super soft fabric . we use this withla baby 4 sided changing pad 32 " , whiteand it fits perfect !
these are some of the best cups i have bought for my little one . they stand strong to his tantrums . they are " little man tough "
i use these to secure my son's prefold diapers . they are so easy to use and they really hold .
very good quality , very cute . i recommend this product . my baby ultrasound looks so cute ! shipping was fast too , very happy with the product
while we love the original woombie , this woombie swaddler is way too tight for our baby who is 8 pounds .
this is a very compact great on the go high chair . although there are some chairs that it does not fit .
cute design - great for boys and girls . the clip secures it safely . strap is great quality / strong . recommend you buy two - three .
perfect size , easy to clean , inexpensive , bought a second one and had shipped direct to my parents ' where we travelled to for the holidays .
came with few other things in great packaging and perfect condition hope it fits haven't opened pack and play yet but i think it be ok
loved it , but like the tile hubby mom loved it to for the sake of not arguing she won the mickey cup .
product is fine , no complaints , but my toddler is not interested in using it at all . he is much more interested in using my electric toothbrush ...
so easy and fast to install . felt much safer with my 1 year old running around the tv , or me accidently bumping into it .
the blade is sharp and cuts well , but the nail clipper itself is small and can be a bit difficult to hold .
great frame ! i was looking for a nice frame that covers the first year of my baby's life . this is just what i was looking for .
it doesn't fit in my diaper bag made by skip hop , i have to take one part off to get it to fit .
i was extremely impressed with the quality of this car seat . excellent for grand parents cars to take our little one on a quick ride .
this seems to be a really well made supportive mattress . its very heavy when lifting up to change sheets but other than that it does the job .
great quality , very soft . i think it is better than the one i bought from carters . i love all of gerberwashcloth designs ...
works perfectly , easy to install and use . bought a second one because it's better than the one that came with the seat
love it ! i've gotten compliments on it from visitors . i use it for my sons bottles and it works perfectly !
i truly love these . the curved shape is great for burping your little one . aden + anais products are top notch and worth every penny !
small but nice . great dark brown color and helps add extra storage to my tiny living room . would reccommend to a frie d
we have been using this for a few months with hard water for our pocket cloth diapers . it's great ! no smell at all .
this rattle is light weight for a younger baby to hold , but appears to be durable . my 4 month old grandson it starting to hold it .
this is a great way to keep your baby warm without having to have a blanket added to your carrier .
cools quickly and retains the temp . relatively long ... great for children that are teething my son loves it , it's easy to grip and cleans easy too ...
my son loves this on his stroller . he uses it to pull him self up to look around and it doesn't block his view since it is adjustable .
cheap plastic stuff , if you are looking for good quality products stay away from these items . completely madr in china , you wont like them .
fits medela gear , but doesn't have airflow features , so you have to break baby's sucking to get air back in bottle . i recommend playtex angled bottles .
this monitor is great . it is very clear and i loved the talk feature . definitely a great choice for an audio monitor .
help cushion straps from rubbing into my daughter's neck . also help keep her head from falling forward when she sleeps in the car .
the pad itself is waterproof which is great and easy to clean . it's soft but still firm so it's easy to manage your unmanageable child while changing .
bought this for our nursery , and it is very cute and well made . very heavy . gave it only 4 stars because it is rather thick .
bright , playful and fun ! sturdy and a great size for my 18 - month old . i just wish they were mircowave safe .
i bouthg this because is avent , this product have an excellent quality , i love products avent , it has a perfect price
it's not quite as fabulous as i thought it'd be , but it's still pretty unique and i'm sure it'll get plenty of use . :)
fits nicely in our toilet seat . i wish the handles had a bit more weight / stability to them .
great toys , i bought these for a friend and for myself , i have no complaints ! the little ones are happy !
soft and cozy . the only thing i did not like is the packaging because it smelled very strong of plastic but the sheet is fine after one wash .
after a few washes its still very good and serves it purpose . the band is still elastic and the fabric is soft .
cute fabric , but bad quality diaper and sized really small . don't expect to be able to use these after your little one is over 20 lbs .
love this thing ! the vibrating feature is definitely worth it ! my baby is 2.5 months and we still use it quite a bit .
these bowls are a good weight and depth in pretty colors . perfect for snacks or cereal . they are dishwasher-safe , but not microwaveable . great bowls !
it's a nice diaper pail . i believe this is the best diaper genie in the market , and my friends agreed .
i haven't used it for my babe , i hope she will like that and have the good habit of that .
have lots of these to go with my grovia covers . it's very convenient and it's nice not to have to wash the entire nappy when it gets wet .
received a medela pump as a hand-me-down and wanted to replace the parts as not to contaminate . these were very useful and glad i replaced all the parts .
very nice and lightweight , breathable fabric . larger than a typical receiving blanket , so it works great for swaddling as well as for covering during nursing .
it's beautiful and matched all our furniture . i am very happy with this crib . easy enough installation . i give this 5 star ! ! !
coming from britax stuff this is even better . you can use this seat for so many years , its simply worth the money . love it .
fits our chicco limonada key fit 30 seat . it is exactly like the base that comes with the seat . perfect for a second car .
quality made product . we only used this for two weeks to give our son a sponge bath after he was born .
these travel caps are great . we had thrown out the originals for some reason when we first got the bottle set so its nice they sell replacement ones .
my 5 mths yr old looks forward to sitting in this . great buy and easy to clean . uses it every day
nice lil toy to have in the tub . nothing fancy ... simple but enjoyable for the younger kids . would suggest to anyone w smaller kids .
it fits the pack-n-play just fine , very small crack on sides . my 2 year old grandson seems to be comfortable on it when traveling .
these aren't my favorite burp cloths , but they'll do in a pinch.pros : thick , great fabric choicescons : not extremely soft , not large enough
this fits perfect in our baby bjorn travel crib and is so much cheaper than the sheet that baby bjorn sells . highly recommend this !
we leave this toy attached to my son's carseat , and it has provided him with hours of entertainment . very pleased we purchased it .
it's a little stiff , but nothing i can't overlook . holds up in the wash well and i like the design and colours . good buy !
love these pillow cases . so super soft and jersey material like . they also wash well and do not shrink ! i dry on low normally .
couldn't live without this pillow . i was a stomach sleeper now that i'm pregnant i can't do that . this seriously helped me make the switch .
these bend easily and are a great size for young eaters . i'm looking forward to seeing my kids use them to feed themselves .
we use this with our chicco car seat and works as expected . no issues . great purchase . would purchase again . easy to install .
purchased as a gift , very soft and thick . very good quality we will be gifting more of these in the future .
the sheets are soft and comfortable . i have to wait and see if the corners stay down when the baby is on the move .
no leaks ! and my grandson like them since they don't leak . made for a great gift to my daughter . thanks
this bra is a must have for pumping moms . i pump at work and this allows me to email etc while i am pumping . definitely worth it !
these covers stay in place and my kid can't remove them like the others with the push button in them .
i was looking to replace a few pieces of my ameda pump . this had all the pieces i needed plus some at a great price . perfect .
came on time , color matched the description , fits great . so far , so good . haven't used yet , but it looks promising .
these work very well for us , they are softer than another brand that i tried and more flexible . it makes cloth diapering much easier .
i love my chicco car seat and base ... the fact that different styles will fit in this base is very handy !
good car seat but his head falls forward all the time . still , i'm glad i bought it . it serves the purpose .
my newborn son loves these bottles when compared to dr browns and avent ! he has had some feeding issues but these have been a life-saver .
bought these almost 2 years for my little girl and they are just what she needed . perfect flow meant for a happy baby ... leaving a happy dad .
such a process to use , we ended up just using hot water . not the products fault , just not worth the time .
these things are so super handy ! we hang our 4 1/2 month old baby's toy's all over the place now !
very cute and nice material ! gonna make the babies room look real cute ! love the bright colors to match everything with his monkey theme
much better than the flip-to-lock version ... don't get those as they are cumbersome to take apart and leak . these are great though ! ! !
works like a charm . i was given a hand me down pump without a charger . this charger gets the job jone .
gender neutral , both my son and daughter like it . cool compartments keep fool from mixing , which is important when it comes to toddlers
these sheets are soft , but seem to wrinkle quite a bit if they aren't put on directly from the dryer .
i like this sleepsack . it's soft , and not too thick and not too thin . my son sleeps really well in it .
very economical . .. but not for us . we switched to rumparooz and gave these away .
this is so cute ! great for parents who love dogs . bright colors for the the dog bones and nice quality of material .
this lasted until 6 months of age . my kid loved the natural sounds the swing made . it's great because it plugs in the wall !
i use this paci clip to clip sophie onto baby's clothes . it's perfect and the design kind of looks likes sophie's spots !
used this for a month - but then my kid bit through the nipple . we had to switch to a harder material . like the playtex one .
after using two different trainers , we've found the right one ! locks into place and ensures your kids wont ' fall into the toilet or pinch his skin .
i ordered this as a 2nd diaper genie for downstairs . we could not live without the one in our sons room so i had to get another !
my baby with silent reflux sleeps in here . it's bigger than the rock and plays and costs half as much .
kiddo loves it ( 6 mo old ) , well made . i think she will enjoy it for months more . great to use in the car .
this is a sturdy bag . i really like the color of brown . so many areas to put items and keep organized .
my baby used to bite it when she is small , and now i use it to brush my baby's teeth every day
bought these to use for baby # 2 since they say you shouldn't use the same tubes . work great with my medela pisa .
the box specifically states the brands of pumps it supposedly fits , but i could not get the threading to fit on my lansinoh pump .
soft and cute . adorable for my little niece . these would make a great shower gift for any baby . the details are very beautiful
looks cute , stays put on the chair , and my 3 year old loves it . good height for sitting at the table .
they're for my grandson , we were fine , , i recommend it.works great time i answer came with the product .
smells like apple , wipes are very thin and fuzzy , sometimes leave fuzz on my pump parts . and they tear easily ( more like shred ) .
my baby who is currently teething love his new toys . love the colors and the design and it was totally inexpensive
great price . very soft and washes up very well . i ordered two so i always have an extra if one is in the wash .
i know that my son is nice and warm when he is in this . helps us go out on cold days .
toddler much prefers his other pillow . this one is very squishy and doesn't seem to offer much support . overpriced for what it was .
eats batteries . needs to come with an adapter . also wish it stayed on all night . it is super cute though but kinda useless .
this is a great product for the price , they are bigger than i expected and holds a lot of items .
my 4 month old sons likes this toy a lot . he plays with it all the time . and we have had no issues with the suction .
constructed great , couple teethers my little guy has used and has gaged , i love that this has the stopper to prevent him from gaging .
my 12 month old granddaughter loves these teethers . they seem to be of just the right texture for her . grandma likes that they are easy to wash .
this works great on our phil & teds sport stroller & much cheaper than the bob handlebar console .
easy to use , heavy duty and light weight . the five point harness was a must . can lift folded into my trunk with one hand .
finally , a window shade that stays suctioned to the window ! easy to install & reposition . could be a little wider to fill window space better .
these are made out of soft fabric and perfectly fit beco gemini . got them in white and blue . love the blue color !
super soft , but thin . lovely bright design . doesn't shred from diaper velcro and doing well after several washes , no pilling .
i gave these away within a week . unless you have a newborn there is really no food that will fit into this bowl .
we've had these since she was 6 mo and they are still an everyday favorite .
this keeps the diaper bags neat and organized . i had some other diaper bags without a dispenser and then they end up all over the diaper bag .
my 3 year seems to really like these whether it be putting them on the tile or using them as surf board for his cars or little people .
my daughter had zero interest in this massager , you just never know what they will like or not like . too bad .
my 2 mos old just started holding this today , and hasn't let go . its versatile inexpensive and bold . i would def recommend this . a winner
they are i was i spected , good quality , good presentation , perfeect price , good for child and good for babies from 9 months
my daughter love it , it is very easy to get her to sleep , the butterflies going around with lights are really nice for her to look at
these towels are good quality and the price was reasonable as well . i would recommend them to new parents as well as grandparents .
a lot smaller than expected but they'll work for now . i'll order the take n toss ones again next time because their size is better for my son .
hard to find sheets for my square pack n play but this works and i'm pleased .
highly recommend , especially if you have an active baby . you don't have to worry about the baby falling and hitting their head .
bought this for my new baby niece and it is gorgeous , colorful , well constructed and worth the money . happy to have purchased .
fits my need . wish it was a little wider but it is consistent with all the stools i bought and / or looked at .
my son didn't find them particularly interesting , and the block is mostly unplayed with.he ' s nine months old and still finds little to no entertainment with them .
my 1 yr old likes to point at kitty's face . works well . nipples need to get replaced after a few months
they work well . it's always nice to have extra nipples for your bottles . they are easy to clean . i recommend them .
this mirror is wonderfully entertaining for baby ! the ladybug spinning rattle is great and my baby loves the crinkly leaves and bee wings .
great fit for me , i noticed i pumped more milk with the first use . nice that they fit on any medela pump without any accessories .
great small drying rack for baby bottles , etc . wanted something with a small footprint and not ugly and this works .
the string constantly gets stuck so i have to smack it to make the music continue . defeats the purpose of a pull string music toy . pretty disappointing .
these washcloths are super soft and perfect for a new baby's skin . i didn't realize they'd be so small but i probably just didn't read the description thoroughly .
my daughter loves her wubbanubs ! we have to take it everywhere . we have a couple so we can switch them out . they are really great !
a little bit too thick than i expected but works ok for my toddler . i wish it would be thinner .
my baby loves to be bundled when she sleepsso i love this safe alternitive to a blanket they can get tangled in .
grandson has been playing with this for months . now it's a great teething toy . easy to keep clean and he loves the squeaks .
this has to be the best product ever invented for keeping diaper smells under control . i would recommend to anyone with a child in diapers
really good table , kindof a pain to put together but after that its cake cant put really heavy stuff n the drawers tho
she loves her lounger . i have a 4 month old and she still loves to play or rest in her lounger .
this is a great small bag for cloth diapers or wet clothes . it holds 5-6 diapers , great for part time use or on the go !
they stay together well , barely spill ( unless my toddler throws it really hard ) and the straw stays in well ! very happy !
my twin grandsons use these every day . they are much better than the ones made of cloth mesh . these are much easier to clean . definitely recommend .
my son loves these toys . he has used them in his baby tub , in our pool , and is now using them in the big tub .
i got this to go with the britax light-weight stroller . it is perfect and can stay attached even when i collapse the stroller .
very nice little baby / toddler spoons . i bought these as a shower gift for my friend's daughter , and they use them all the time .
i wish it was made of a better quality material . the plastic is peeling off . it is cute , but i couldnt use it after a month .
we use this when we visit grandparents for meals and it is perfect . it is easy to clean , very easy to transport and works great !
nice and soft , fit the mini crib mattress almost perfectly . still a bit tight , shoes the mattress a tiny but , but it works !
basic quality fitted crib sheet at a good price with a cute design , holds up well to lots of washing .
it fits my table top changing pad and i love the texture and the color is also good . i would purchase this product again .
like it said on the description , one drop a day . i put a drop on the nipple of the bottle . it's tasteless and easy .
had to return it because i couldn't stand the rubber smell ... so sad because i really wanted him to gnaw on sophie :(
your membranes will get worn out after some time . i usually replace mine about once a month ... i pump twice a day at work during the week .
my baby grandchild loves to look at it . it is colorful and a safe toy . i would buy it for a gift for a new baby .
a little rough , difficult to remove stains . works ok , i use it to line the changing pad . i would recommend it
my baby boy smells great and the fragrance is not strong for babies . i always apply it to his clothes .
attaches securely to chair but is easy to remove to clean or take to someone's house or restaurant . our daughter fits great in it .
the product is as advertised . we used it for our baby car seat . it has worked fine . additionally , the seller shipped the product very efficiently .
i really enjoy this mirror . i haven't had any problems with it moving or falling . it's great to be able to see my daughter while i'm driving .
love this and can't wait to use it . it's also great because it holds 2 pacifiers . just wish they offered more of a variety of designs .
this changing pad cover fits nice and is a great addition to the nursery , i wished the red wasn't so dark , but other than that i love it
very happy with this album , it is cute , and very sturdy . the front picture and binding picture are also a nice touch for organization
fantastic bowl , the baby doesn't throw it off the high chair ! ! it really does it's job . i couldn't be happier with any other stay-put bowl .
good quality but way to small for a burp cloth . it barely covered my shoulder from my baby's spit up .
pretty easy to install with the supplied two sided tape and it is nice to have something that isn't glaring white .
these things are magical . from 3-5 months my son slept wonderfully in this . then it got too hot and we switched to a woombie .
love the color and the fact this goes in the corner of the shower so it doesn't take up too much room ! !
we bought this for our 2 year old to use on a recent trip since he is now sleeping in a big boy bed , and he loved it .
i make a nice playard for my little peanut and i need a door to open specially when i carry her in my arm
this diaper bag is huge ! it fits everything you could possibly need for your baby . it is durable and cleans up well . i love this bag !
i placed these duckies on guest tables at a baby shower with the " rubber duckie " theme . ducks everywhere ! ! they were very nice ducks .
bought for 18 month old to use to get into race car bed . he loves it . easy to use and he can carry around easily .
my son likes to pack his toys in this backpack when we go out . not suitable for carrying children's books , though .
haven't used these yet because baby girl not due until may ... i used mittens when my babies were little tykes
i like that it's waterproof and all good but it's kind of too big to hang and i don't want to keep that many dirty diapers in a bag .
beaba babycook pro 2x baby food processor and steamer ( gipsy ) beabathis one is very good , easy and claen , my family is all like it
lightweight . works great for warmer nights . its long enough to grow with baby . would buy again and do recommend it .
my baby could turn it over and would put her feet above her chest and push the mobile part down sitting her straight up . didn't sue that much
i purchased this as replacement parts for my pump in style , and everything is perfect of course . i love that the caps fit my glass evenflo bottles .
my granddaughter enjoys the music and lights and its just a fun compact toy she can hold . very happy with the purchase .
works well to pad our bob revolution se for our 5 month old . it can be reversed for the quilted side as well .
this bag is the perfect size for my infant's laundry . very sturdy and the handles are great for carrying it up and down 2 flights of stairs .
work great but now when it's time to remove them i'm not sure what to do . they're not easily removed .
it's really kinda cool . not sure if my kiddo likes it though ... i think i still may add a padded cover for the little tushy .
they don't really help , but they do a little . i bought these , because they have the holders that i didn't have previously .
but really rarely ever use it - great to carry an extra binky around - most all of them would fit inside .
i prefer these over the regular spoons . my baby seems to be able to eat from these more easily with less mess
cute little lamp to go with the set . only problem is the switch on the cord .. but oo cute to return
a million times better than the diaper genie ! and less expensive as you use your own garbage bags . highly recommend this product !
it's so fun that my four year old wants house it as a toy . perfect for it's purpose , keeps the pacifier clean , it's a bit bulky .
we were very disappointed with this product . the zipper got broken in our first trip also the handle got broken pretty quickly .
linda pecera con canciones incluidas , entre ellas la de beethoven.efusivos colores que llaman la atención del bebé . posee control remoto.recomendado , muy bueno .
these spoons are a little too deep and hard for my son ( now 15 mos ) to eat from them and use .
these balls are a perfect replacement but can be purchased for $ 3 per set of three plus a minimal shipping fee on the fisher price web site .
that doesn't exactly what it's supposed to . i would definitely recommend it because the product but it is used with is amazing
these are ok but for my infant the tiny scissors ( piyo piyo ) are better . i got those as a gift and find them easier to use .
" ~ * no need for learning how to swaddle . goes great with pampers swaddlers . get the swaddle collection ! * ~
we have a safey 1st convertable car seat and this didn't work for us at all . i wish it had !
this bowl is really much bigger than i imagined , value for money . currently not useful , i hope it can be as described in said suction .
feels light and easy to manage . have a single one that i used for my son and i love it . easy to fold and light weight .
the suction cups are too cheaply made to adhere to any tile or tub surface i've tried . i'm going to return it .
convenient to storage and to feed the baby directly from them , they are pretty and good duality , came on time as well .
i liked this better than lanolin that help my fingers greasy . worked & i never had to actually touch it .
this product is exactly as described . it's colorful , has diverse textures , and is well-made . i'm really happy i bought it .
the baby delight supreme snuggle nest sheets are soft and snuggly and fits well on our first years close and secure sleeper .
we have purchased and tested over 13 different video monitors , and the only one that doesn't hiss so loud i can't hear my baby is the levana stella .
these are fine balls , but it would have been nice to know they come deflated . if someone didn't have a pump it would be problematic :/
the only pacifiers our son will use . these ones with the latex nipple ( vs silicone ) are his favorite .
love that it shuts off after 45 minutes . the kids like to pick different colors and look at the stars and moon .
i love these pacifiers ! they don't get lost as easily and they are easy and fun for baby to grab .
this is amazing and practical ! i love the pockets on the side and the little drawers . great way to keep organized and display your baby's cute clothes !
... all i can say is the smell is horrible ... 1 star ... please don't buy this one !
this just might have to become a cat toy , because the kid ain't interested in playing with it . not sure why i bought it .
the only thing i would change is i wish it had a hook to hang it on the potty hook we have on the side of our toilet .
with two kiddos in cd , this bag is perfect when we are out and about ! i can fit approx 4 diapers in the front !
title says it all . very nice looking and entertains the baby for a long time . good value for the price .
my son can't pull any cords from the outlet but , it's easy enough to open and close when it needs to be .
we bought this to go around our wood burning stove and it works perfectly ! never gets hot with the stove going either .
we used this between our pocket doors but can also travel with it to friends who are not yet baby proofed . its compact and light .
i thought the hole would be neater than me doing it myself but its pretty much the same just neater ... and without the worry of cutting too big .
makes it very easy to take temperatures rectally which is the most accurate way ! love how it folds and is always accurate .
we love this product . it makes shopping so much easier . it fits in most carts and my daughter looks so comfy cozy when she is in it
bought these just to keep my daughter out of our cabinets . they aren't the sturdiest quality , but they do the job .
they do the job . they're keeping baby's fingers from getting in those darn sockets ! i think they're pretty easy to pull out as well .
i used to go out , he can exercise the child to leave the bottle , learning to drink . i think she will like
these work so much better than tiny clippers . i use only the very tip and try to curve around her fingers . very effective .
finally a rear facing car seat mirror that actually works ! ! ! you will not be sorry you bought this ! will work in any car
as it says this product is very soft . went on very easily and looks great in the nursery , happy with my purchase .
i like these . so easy to use and i'm sure they will be great later on the go . i recommend them .
i generally prefer lightweight pajamas for my 6 month old and supplement with a swaddler or wearable blanket . this material is very lightweight , almost flimsy
very cute tub toys . just the right size for little hands and the colors are nice and bright . would recommend for all little ones .
this was the first one we got for the child . it was really easy to hold onto , which is a big plus when getting started .
these are very flimsy and really don't hold anything . i took them off my grass and use the grass by itself . not a very well thought of product
great product . these are filters for the nosefrida . is never easy to aspirated your child's product , but these products at least help to decrease trauma .
got for my daughter 10 years ago and continue to buy for friends . so easy to put baby in and wash them hands free
i love these sleeping sacks and there really the best ! ! i have tried others but nothing is even close in quality
no cons . love the how easy it is to put on , the pocket it has , and the coverage it provides .
it dose the same thing that comes from original package . it contains two sets in the package . ( i wasn't sure when i ordered it )
the only pacifier my son could keep in his mouth when he was little . i now give them to all my friends as shower gifts .
beautiful blue color . the material in the middle is very comfy for the baby . i use a waterproof pad ontop .
my baby loved this swing she would fell asleep and really loved the star lighting around it is a great swing at a really reasonable price we loved it
the snoogle has helped me sleep comfortably during pregnancy and obviously the pillow cover was a must . the cover is good quality and was delivered on time .
i would not recommend this furnature , after a year of use it has not held up well . very disappointing
this is nice and light weight perfect for summer or houses that are warm . easy to get off and on the baby as well !
these are still working on a 2.5 year old and personally i think they actually make outlets look much better .
super cute and soft cover , goes easily over diapers without discomfort . hooks easily and stays put without need of sharp pins . highly recommended !
i replaced all of my kids ' various cups with these . they are the perfect size and easy to stack in the cabinet .
love these diapers ! i wish more people knew about these because they are awesome !
can you use any brand bottles to screw on for milk storage ? the reviews have been very helpful and i have this item on my wish list .
after nearly a year and a half of use with my daughter , this still is in great shape . great value .
this liner fits many different strollers and doesn't shift around like others i tried . i wish the fabric would have been a little softer .
what a great quality item ... so handy fits my purse and i love that my oxo small wipes holder fits in this
this is a lovely standard crib sheet with elastic bands sewn in to help keep it from shifting on the mattress .
this is such a cute set ! my son can't yet grab onto and play with the toys , but he loves to stare at the contrasting colors .
these bags rock . the big one was super big which was awesome . it was hard to find cheap large diaper bags . these did the job !
love this . my husband was getting confused in my baby's closet whenever he had to get clothe for her and this helps him differentiate the different size clothe .
our baby starting using this around 2.5 months . she's 4 months now and still loves it . it's beautifully designed and offers many different sights and sounds .
these bibs are nice and big . i love that it covers their whole lap . the price was very compatible to other bibs also .
bpa free . lid closes securely . excellent quality . definetely a must buy . don't settle for the wrong things when it comes to your baby :)
this is the neatest cup i have ever seen . it is great for a first cup , very unique and i haven't found it anywhere but on here .
we love these ! our 3 - month old is finally able to grab on as he's pacifying himself . very helpful with keeping the pacifier in his mouth .
i have no complaints and it fits my crib perfectly . i have one for both of my kids and couldnt be happier .
this product works really well for labeling all kinds of things for pre-school and daycare for my kids . the labels stand up to dishwashing too !
this toy was a favorite for my daughter . she loved the crinkle " ears " and would sit for quite a while sucking and chewing on them .
keeps things clean and the potty off the floor . what a great invention ! my daughter loves to hang her potty up after she's done !
these bids are easy to wash and the pouch keeps food from baby's lap . shipped fast.and was in good condition .
love that i can leave this on here and not worry about choking . we do put it on her ankle at night though just to be safe .
you get what you pay for ! these afre super thin . you can practically see through them ! they will not last for long
i used this in my bob and it worked great for my daughter till she was 8 months ! so glad i bought it ! !
i have used these a few times now in my diaper bag . they smell great and holds in the poopage until you can throw it out .
my son loved this teether when he was five months and he still love putting it in his mouth at 16 months !
its everything i was expecting ! i loved how its really easy to just peel off the sticker sizes and could re-use as your baby grows .
this was a waste of money purchase . i have the nosefrida nasal aspirator and it works very well . used on a 4 month old baby .
it worked for my 2 year old for a few days till she figured out how to open the lid and that was the end of this item ... useless
both of my daughters slid right down the positioner . so i stopped using it right away . i do not recommend this product at all .
these work great with toys . my 11m old now loves to throw her things out of the stroller and these are indispensable .
didn't care for the whole tropical music it would make my baby uneasy and at times cry she grow bored of it very soon
i can finally sleep when my baby sleeps . i feel safe knowing that if he stops breathing i'll be alerted asap .
great fit on my summer infant changing pad . washes well and slips back on pad easily . super soft material for baby .
this is the only way to buy baby poop diaper bags ! you get a million and they last a while .
i was looking for a cheap laundry hamper for my twins ' nursery , this is perfect . it's very cute and serves its purpose .
it's much sturdier than what i had previously . the bristles are still firm and holding its shape ! try it out ...
we use it on the bob - works very well ! carries keys , cell , doggie bags , a beanie , hand sanitizer and water ... plenty of room
i was disappointed with the fact that you can't inflate by blowing air with your mouth . i would need a machine to blow air into tub . :(
his favorite teether ! much less expensive than the popular sophie giraffe , and he actually prefers it to the sophie we got as a gift !
it's nothing special but it gets the job done so i would recommended it based on the great price ! great for storage !
fits 4 8oz dr.brown bottles with all the inserts ... super easy to use and i love that it fits a lot
this was great for when my son couldn't have solids yet . he loved being able to taste the yummy fruits that we'd put in these ! !
thankful for the clip , stylish , but more importantly , it keeps track of the pacifier so i don't have to worry about keeping up with it .
this is a good bib , it is easy to clean.but my 4 month old daughter is too young not to use .
great product , nice stable and durable my son now is 2 years old and still use it ! ! i love this crib !
my granddaughter plays with these often . a must have for any child's toy box.this would make a great baby shower gift . not too expensive .
with all kinds of pacifiers . i only wish the clip was one that i could pinch and clip . other than that great
its super soft , seems warmer than cotton . baby seems to like it . if i could get him to sleep on cotton , i would .
i would never consider a different car seat . the britax car seats are a little expensive but totally worth it .
my baby loves to play in this . plenty of things for baby to do and work on coordination while strengthening legs
this is super noisy and i didn't have any luck with it either . i've just gone back to the old blue bulb and some kleenex .
the mirror works fine , but i'm a tad too short to see in it as well as i would want .
very good cloth wipes , they are absorbent but not so soft . still prefer charlie banana double wipes , that are more gentle .
this small brushes work perfect for cleaning quite a few things around the house . great for the small hard to get places .
i appreciate boon's modern design and subtle twist on primary colors . their shapes are simple , sensical , but leave plenty of room for imaginative play !
grandbaby just starting to show interest in walking , she absolutely loves it , moves with ease and lots of entertainment . great neutral gender colors .
great for baby for easter ! it is so soft . i love the material . adorable and useful for not losing pacifier !
i have purchased these for myself as well as many gifts . they come in very handy in the stroller as well as the shopping cart
i bought these labels to mark my baby's bottles . the labels are cute , easy to use and really can stand multiple wash and microwave use .
this microwave steam sterilizer is the best ! quickly and safely sterilizes bottles , pacifiers ... this item is necessary for all those going on parenthood .
works well but difficult to clean the pacifier properly without wetting the lamb . then have to wait for it to dry before use
i followed the direction , cleaned the area and put this pads . they didn't last two days ! fell off the table .
the mam 3 pack anti-colic bottle boy , 8 ounce , colors may vary are a good purch . easy to clean up
my son loves this walker . it's sturdy , cute , and the sounds aren't annoying . assembly couldn't have been any easier . :)
these are to small to swaddel in . they are more like thin over sized burb rags . they are cute and soft , but little .
great addition to the pack of reusable diapers . kept my baby boy nice and leak free . stains were an issue to get out .
this pail liner is perfect ! it stores our dirty cloth diapers before we wash them and does a fine job keeping everything contained . great product !
although the cup is huge , but the soft straw and the grib is great . this is our go to cup ! ! !
my daughter loved the sucking , but the nipple was just too much work . she out grew it quickly . would not purchase again .
one of the softest baby bed sheet i've come across so far . have yet to wash it , hope the softness will stay
the mat is nice and soft , however , it is a bit of smaller , the babe always climbs out of the mat .
love all the different designs . perfect boppy and cover design for little girl . great gift for new moms as well !
these are great ! ! they keep my daughter from getting into the stuff she shouldn't ! if you are thinking about getting these i would ! ! !
love them ! it's easy to wash . catches everything especially the water . keeps my baby very clean and he is comfortable wearing it !
britax baby carrier , blackmy mom like it , colors very beautiful.and use it very easymy family all like thia one
i was actually sent the larger , hanging version of this bag . good bag , just takes a long time to dry .
my daughter just rips it off the table as soon as i put it on , she doesn't even look at the picture first .
... if you are an infant . we use these not only on the carseat , but also on the activity gym , and just for fun .
this toy was perfect for my son and he loves pulling it apart and stacking it himself and then letting the balls fall down it !
these sheets fit my baby bjorn travel light crib 2 perfectly . they are really soft and hold up well too . i definitly recommend them !
my wife wears it and has no problems with it . the baby loves it and falls asleep very easily in it .
my baby latches onto the nipples with non problem . i would give it 5 stars but the glass bottle broke . :(
this mobile is cute and my 4 month old son likes it , but he loses interest in it after a while and he won't fall asleep to it .
these are perfect for my arm's reach mini arc co sleeper . they are very soft and seem to be well made .
these are the only brushes that get my como tomo bottles clean . i have tried many other brushes , but these are the only ones that work .
my little one did not like this at all , but she does not take a pacifier either , i would not waste the money on this .
le ha servido de mucho a mi espesa en la alimentacion de mi pequeña bebe , ella esta muy contenta con este producto
nice sturdy gate . only con is when you lift up to unlatch it if you lift too high the other side of the gate comes undone .
these finger guards are simple to use and very effective . i highly recommend this product for anyone with a toddler or infant on the go !
these have been the best car seat straps ! they are so soft and keep the straps from digging into my daughter's neck . definitely recommend ! !
what a waste of money ! ! it comes off minutes after being put on . i think its a great concept just awful execution .
my son likes the nipples of mam bottles better than other brands . the bottles are easy to clean . love it !
some bottle brands have a narrow opening and some bottle scrubs are too hard or wide , but this scrub fits all
i use these two brushes all the time . they fit different bottle and nipple types . really easy to use . i like that the brushes are replaceable .
glad i finally found wider nipple brushes now i don't have to use 3 diff brushes to wash the nipples , and straw things ( dr . brown bottles )
love this ! ! works great and i think i am going to buy some more for upcoming baby showers ! stays on wall and drys fast !
the cover is large enough to cover everyone . but not so big that it gets in the way . great buy .
my son is very active and when we put him on this jumperoo he enjoys it a lot . i recommend it .
my daughter loves these medela products . she needed a larger size to fit her hand pump and they fit perfectly .
this is a nice umbrella stroller . nice for traveling and quick trips . folds up easy and let's a toddler sit more upright .
affordable , a perfect fit , and my husband likes them because they are easy to use . the prefolds hold a lot definitely a winner at night time .
샀지만 길이가 좀 길고요런것보다는 옷처럼 입히는 팔부분까지 커버가능 한 것이 더 효율적이라 생각되어bib을 다시 구매하려 하고있슴다 . 물론 cool한엄마라서 아이옷에 음식이 묻던 말던 신경 안쓰면 모르겠지만
pretty descent size . i do like it and it looks great in the nursery . easy to open and start using .
does it's job . it's rather thin but washable and protects the bassinet mattress . can not keep up with big blow outs or spit ups tho . bummer .
some swear by this , but my child hated it . he is sensitive to food textures , so he didn't take to the bag at all .
i have no complaints about this liner . the drawstring is wonderful and i find the quality of this bag to be great !
no complaints about these - they're easy to use , flexible , hold food well , baby eats well from them , and easy to clean .
prevents my grandbabies from getting into the electrical sockets which can be very dangerous for any small child or grandchild
love this thermos ! never leaks ! the straw is concealed so it stays clean . easy to wash with skinny brush ( not included . )
these are nice and thick and fit my daughter well . after the initial washings they have softened up a bit and seem quite comfortable against the skin .
sometimes this pacifier is the only thing that can calm down our 4 - months-old . we try not to leave home without it !
great cups . the only ones i've found that truly don't leak . easy to clean and assemble .
this is my second planet wise bag and i love them . my diapers stay contained and i can't smell them at all .
i bought these because with a 2 month old daughter , i go through burp rags like crazy . these are very durable and a good size too .
excellent product , price and assembly . looks great when assembled and finish looks expensive . wheels create options for different rooms , but do not move unless desired .
i bought this bin to store toys in and it does its job . nice that it folds down when you are not using it .
loved the sheet pattern i used the surround to make tops for diaper stackers to match friends bedroom sets . they already had sheets for the baby bed .
cute pattern , super soft , and washes well . we have washed it many times and it is still bright and soft .
i paid about $ 20 for this item and it looks exactly the same as any of my $ 1 dog toys .
i used this in restaurants on a recent trip and it was great . it didn't completely cover the shopping cart seat though .
i needed a car seat for my grandson and this is a very nice one for a very good price !
read the instructions . always read the instructions . do not forget to read all of the enclosed instructions i am not kidding .
he loves to destroy the towers , and to play with them in the bath . he loves watching the water trickle through the cups .
perfect to keep little hands from touching the cold freeze pop . these work well & can be washed easily . definitely recommend .
these are cute , soft and huge . the tag is massive for a bib , but i can cut it off , i suppose .
my grandson loved these , however i found them for less money at walmart . next time i guess i should take the time to shop first .
i am really happy with this monitor , the first one to not wake me up with the loud static , very clear , and very worth the price !
i would recommend this item for any child 8mos to 24 mos for the younger child do not att legs .
this does not hold and it keeps falling off . what a waste of money and time to return this crappy product . do not buy this !
i have two boys , so they are always jumping and moving , sometimes they mistakenly hit the plate and it stays on what ever surface
i like the fact that i was able to find natural rubber since my baby does not like the silicone ones . she took to it right away .
love these bibs . they are super soft , and so so so lovely . it will probably kill me to see food and spitup go all over them :)
basic thin foam cover . does its job i guess . it isn't particularly snug as the name implies , but fits over the spout .
our little girl loved this . unfortunately , so did our dog . the mirror and the different textures kept our little girl intrigued .
i love all options available to you with this product to use it at different ages of the baby .
very disappointed . the mobile looks good , but it doesn't fit on my son's convertible crib . it seems it's specifically for cribs with small railings .
my kids love this container and i do , too . it's easy to clean , portable , and very handy for avoiding messes .
this is the pack ' n play i keep at my office . it sets up in a snap as well as closes really easy .
my 6 month old still loves this and the lights and music soothe her nicely !
it is for my baby , and it is fit for our baby , maybe i will buy more and more . i like it .
these towels look cute on our little one . they absorb the moisture very well . the colors could have been a little better .
works great for bath tub kneeler , holds up for myself and my husband . comfortable to lean on compared to another we have .
and never again . they don't hold on the baby . and the feet are too small . the fabric is great , but totally not usable .
i bought these for my newborn to follow her growth in photos . they really don't photograph well . i'd suggest a different design which there are many of .
the diaper does what is is supposed to so , but it seems cheaply made . it has held up well wash after wash though .
good volume options . my son loves to turn the light on and off . i love that it's portable for travel .
i love all the funtainer bottles and this one is no exception . it is super durable and easy to clean .
it doesn't show a design but does come with one . it has a bunny printed on the side . not as described / shown . otherwise like it .
i highly recommend this drying rack , it's really spacious , i love it , i wanted to post a picture but i don't know how .
my 9 month old son love these cups , the quality is very good and the colors are beautiful , he plays with these everyday .
it allowed us to rf a radian behind the drivers seat of our compact car . i was skeptical , but i'm impressed .
great for steralizing on when away from home . only holds a couple of items safely . glad these products are availible .
my friends grandkids loved the giraffe so i bought it for my soon to be grandchild . hope it is as loved and used by mine .
sticks amazingly well and cushions nicely . the straight pieces can easily be made into corner pieces , since four corners go quickly .
this is the second one i bought . it keeps oder out really well until it starts to get full . very easy to use and refill .
cute clip , and it does what it's supposed to . easy to attach the pacifier , and they have a good variety of colors and designs .
we bought this to use for our son's baptism , it was beautiful and worked perfectly . very nice quality and cheaper than those ugly baby tuxedos .
it comes with straps to secure the pad to dresser and to secure the baby . the surface is easy to clean . we use it everyday .
i plan to give these as baptism gifts and they are lovely . made very nicely and come in a lovely sturdy packaging that is gift ready !
this wetbag has been used and used . we have had it over a year now and it still hold in the smell and liquid as it should .
these are the perfect color and texture . i love that they are 100 % cotton for my baby's soft skin . the fabric is very soft !
these blocks are great for babies and toddlers . light enough to grasp . great for biting . they also make great sounds .
my nephew just loves this . easy to hold and large button to push . i really like that it plays classical music .
the singing did not work well . but as a stool its fine . its high enough even the shorter child can reach the sink
i like it . first , i was very surprised because the size of the brush but it is ok and works .
i returned . it wouldn't fit around my crib rail . velcro also wasn't strong . i would not recommend even if it did fit .
gave these as a gift to a friend on mine at her baby shower because i love owls so much :)
good quality , beautiful . item as described . easy to put it on the wall . i recomend . i loved it ! ! thank you
the clings don't adhere to the window without air bubbles . it's just impossible . sort of cruddy looking as a result .
the changing pad cover is very soft , it fits the changing pad we bought from target well , and is overall a great product .
i am hoping i will use this in the future . however i have yet to use this item for my twins
it's handy to have so many washcloth ready to use . but i don't like the fact sometimes fabric drops from them . probably won't buy again .
i brought this for a gift the baby is not yet born ut the pillow is very fluffy and nice i am sure the baby will love it
it was able to adjust perfectly for my kids ' tub and so far it has been sturdy . would recommend it .
it's a bit quite , i changed the batteries twice and still kinda low.it ' s a good attention grabbing toy for the little one .
and after seeing my 13 month old try to get the door open and not be able to , they are well worth the price .
this didn't fit onto either of our models and the cup is huge and didn't work for most drinks . save your money .
great product . shipped fast . exactly what was described . great price . couldn't if been happier with the product that i purchased .
this little insert makes the mamaroo that much better . not much more to say except i would buy it again !
very easy to go out with a very convenient , saves a lot of time and save a lot of things , a box of good
love this little foot finders . it seems cool when child reaches for the high contrast colors he actually can feel his own toes .
i love that this has the big bottle cleaner and the nipple cleaner . it really get into all the small spaces well and get the whole bottle clean
the cap threading wasn't working , we couldn't get the top to screw on and stay on.replacement has been sent .
was very useful the first 3 months of age after that she broke free wothout any trouble .
good material . fits the mattress i put in the pack n play ( for overnight at grandma's ) better than some others .
great for my little one . rolls around with a little bell inside , with plenty of tags to keep my baby interested .
my super tall 2 year old fits on this with a little hangover for his feet . works like expected and is soft .
title says it all - - cute soft and snuggly ! makes a great baby gift or a good security object for babies !
this rocks . it's like a thin low profile dispenser for baby wipes . easy to refill , fits nicely into our diaper bag .
bought this because my daughter would hurt her teeth trying to stand / pull up . wanted to stop any bad habits like crip chewing , before they start .
these are pretty good but i had several leak while defrosting them . i also wish they would stand up better while filling them .
seventh generation makes great baby wipes . they don't have a smell and don't cause my baby diaper rash . they also arrive wet enough and are well packaged .
doesn't cover all of the window but it still covers most of it . it doesn't go on really easily either . lots of bubbles !
these are the best spoons and my twins love them . wish i had more . they are pricy but totally worth it . i would . uh again
these protective pads have " saved the day " many times over . i love the quality as well as the cute design .
this product fits our crib well . my daughter started chewing on everything at about 14 months . this protects her crib and teeth from being damaged .
our door jambs didn't have a definite squared edge for the monkey clips to latch to so i had to return . good concept
mine won't stay linked together to form a caterpillar as pictured . it's basically just like any other set of bath cups .
this brush simply doesn't work . i put soap in the handle like i was told at the store , but nothing came out .
it's hard to find cups that can withstand a toddler . these do pretty well . they don't leak like some of the others do .
beautiful and perfect size . the picture doesn't do the colors or textures justice . great item . love this item for my niece
we havent learned yet to use on it but i love the color and looks nice in the rest room and
so far it seems to work . it heats from the top . i haven't put any wipes in it yet but i think it will work pretty well .
he was a fussy eater but he loves to eat now .. i have three of these love the bright colors ... wonderful spoon
works great with our chicco stroller . holds a nice amount , 2 drinks , phone , keys and odd and ins you may need .
easy to pop on the faucet and does the job . extra points for cuteness , simplicity and elegance of design . recommended .
a niece had one of these and liked it so my wife bought it for a friend and her baby shower
fabulous - plus made in the usa of recycled plastic ! my daughter loves playing with this toy - it's her favorite one .
worried these flow faster than they should . it's more of an issue with the earlier stages than with stage 3 .
essential for those using cloth diapers with a diaper sprayer . keeps all the yuck in the toilet ! ! easy to use !
these bowls are great . we have been using them for five months and they are very useful . the lids are so helpful for storing leftovers .
i bought this for my son , he is going to be a first time father and he loved it . well made and the color was striking .
cute but only used a couple times . my twins actually like to play with it like a toy but will not sleep on .
i love how these aren't all flimsy and will break easily . they are very sturdy and i am very happy that i bought these .
highly recommend ! these are a good value and work like a charm to keep my two year old from opening doors .
everything i was looking for , albeit a little on the expensive side . i like the colors and prints . super cute .
good product for use in and out of the bathtub . like the colors , very vibrant . would recommend to teach motor skills .
good for your old school diaper . absorbs good not as great as the fancier cloth diapers out there , but very economical . expect some blowouts .
these little brushes are perfect for bottle and sippy cup cleaning but considering they don't last long before they are germy , they are far overpriced .
love the color and ease of use , but from carrying back / forth to the laundry it has ripped . didn't last too long either .
my 6 - month old son has absolutely no interest in these which makes me very sad because they were not cheap .
very easy and durable clamps to attach on to many baby items . also , very durable and my daughter loves it !
wonderful for traveling , small spaces.very comfortable , functional and safe . i recommend it 100 % . i love it .
they work , but are tiny ! the plain white side is absorbent and the other side really isnt ... they are cute , but made for small babies .
i use it every time i go out , very handy and useful . my bf doesn't mind carrying it . and i love the colors !
this think doesn't work well and doesn't hold much . i got the lesportsac triple bottle bag and it's lighter and works better .
love these seats . we bought two.they also serve as booster seats with out the trays.they are easy to clean and store away easily as well .
we just use these on the go . i just take the roll with me because the case ( to refill ) broke apart shortly after i bought it .
this item works great for us ! again my 15 month old has lost interest in even trying to mess with it .
snug enough to stop baby but i can get them out easy unlike others that i struggle with . great plugs
this phillips avent bpa free classic newborn flow nipple , 2 pack works exactly as advertised . happily using it in our home .
its a lot to take apart to clean and it leaks on top of that . my child may like dora but this cup is not worth the money .
i purchased the bag for my quinny stroller . fit's perfectly on the handle bar-lot's of space-great quality .
we love our new foonf . easy to install and keep clean . looking forward for the cup holder to come out .
this is a very soft sheet that fits our crib well . good price and value . i would definitely buy this sheet again .
my nov ' 13 baby loves this twist teether . it's easy for her to hold onto and i assume the different textures feel good on her gums .
he loves to chew on this teether . he likes the fact that this has a sleeve on it cause it gives him something else to play with !
super cute ! it is washer friendly and hasn't faded in colors yet . the material is not super soft but will soften up after a few washs .
i love these spoons . if the food is too hot , they lose all color and turn white . i would definitely recommend them .
purchased this in sage and love it ! the color is beautiful and the texture is incredibly soft . couldn't be happier with this changing pad cover .
just what i was looking for ! very colorful and sweet music . fit on my pack and play , totally recommend at this great price .
this spoon was the first one my little guy used and it works great . he still likes to eat from it at 18 months .
this pacifier is really cute . gets lots of loughs . it's kinda ' small so it's good for 0-6 months i think .
my baby 8 months old now has never really liked these spikey balls . he is very tactile and does not like the feel of this one .
these are very small and very thin fabric . i was expecting something more substantial when i ordered them . each is maybe 3 " x3 "
its football season and since my son loves these already it made his daddy happy to watch the games with his son all dressed up with football attire .
this item is a must . so versatile . i've purchased maybe 6 packs for myself and expectant friends . just a great product .
i love this tub ! the hammock sling makes bathing an infant so much easier ! this tub is the best !
didn't really work , except when you really needed to go and couldn't get the thing off . just get a childproof lock for the bathroom door instead .
everything i expected . these are great for freezing baby food to take to daycare . i prefer mismatched as opposed to matching colors so it works for me .
this was perfect to protect my little bitter from our nice crib . it went on easy and i would highly recommend once the little ones start teething .
i just love these spoons . they are very practical and useful , particularly when using them with jars . also i love how soft is the tip .
this turtle lasted about 6 months and then started getting rusty and went dead , its not well made , but a its great idea which needs to be improved
my son loved it as a newborn and even now , he's 21 months , he'll pick it up and turn the clicky starfish or crinkle a flap .
fits snug , great print ( even for a little girl ! ) , nice material for wiping off messes , & it fits over older bumbo too
great night light . our kids love the different colors . i love that it turns off in 45 minutes . cute design !
i finally found a light weight blanket to use for the summer . i really like the way it feels . i hope it holds it's shape after laundering .
these are the only inserts i use for cloth diapering . they work great !
the baby pacifiers are great and of great quality and are cute for my baby . i love the graphics and most of all i love the timing
this is a big pillow and your baby will like it , i got this for my newborn and she love it ! !
this has saved more messes than i realized would be coming ! i just take it out and spray it off . perfect !
my daughter likes this but doesnt stay sunctioned very well-would give it 5 stars if it stayed put but she always pulls it off the table and throws it
soft , no leaks , great for nighttime and a fraction of the price compared to a lot of other wool covers .
this mobile is great in the crib and comes with a neat floor stand when my tot want to have tummy time , love the versatility of this product
looks great , sturdy , does the job . i love the bronze color . it looks great in my house , and people always complement it .
this is a very well made good quality product . my daughter really likes it she has grown into using the kick keys the older she has gotten .
i bought this for my daughter-in-law , she is going to be a first time mother . she loved all the compartments and it is very well constructed .
everywhere else sales these for almost $ 10 each ! the newborn ( one hole ) size is perfect for breastfeeding babies . love this brand !
does what it suppose to and my daughter loves the pattern , is so entertained playing with it even when she doesn't want her binky
blowouts cannot get through these . i love the double gusset on this cover . i only use this brand and recommend it .
we installed this a few weeks ago , and as long as you follow directions and place it centered it's nice quality and works great !
these were the closest to the pacifiers that we got in the hospital that i could find for a reasonable price online .
we have mushroom shaped knobs and these work great for us . my 13mn old is deterred and doesn't even bother to try opening the cabinets anymore .
i bought this for my wife to use when cleaning because my daughter didnt like to be left alone in her pack and play .
this is a great toy for my 4 month old granddaughter . it is easy to hold onto and she likes to look at the beads .
muy útil aunque mi bebe nació limpio ayudo a darle masaje al cuero cabelludo y le salió cabello
i ordered these 4 layer bamboos and also some of the charcoal bamboos from another seller . i definitely prefer these over the cbi's so far !
these are really well made and i love the options on each side . these are my favorite reusable wipes out of many that we purchased and made ourselves
it is so so so good product . we can see the baby either at night or day . very clear picture !
the hammock makes a huge difference . baby is calm and happy in it . mom and dad also feel more confident that he won't drawn in the tub .
super cute plates . my little man loves his zoo pals by skip hop . what can i say , we love skip hop ! ! !
this was still too fast for my daughter . milk was flowing out of the side of her mouth and onto her clothes .
my baby loves this . the mat is soft and has great animals to entertain . lots of different sounds . am happy with this purchase
this was a replacement stroller for one that was destroyed with water damage during hurricane sandy . love the stroller and highly recommend it for any mom .
i love this blanket ! it is so soft and lovely . it is also the perfect size for swaddling . what a great purchase !
these are a nice absorbant cloth , can be used as drool bibs also . neck size only adequate for infants up to 12 mo .
i lost some parts and i also wanted to replace the inserts without having to purchase new bottles . these were perfect for me !
i bought this for my grandchild . it works really well keeping the pacifier in the baby's mouth and it keeps you from losing the pacifier .
got this fast and it was cheap . i was looking at our local pharmacy and they wanted double for the tubing !
can't beat the price ... seems as good or better than ones we found at target for twice the price . yay !
bought this for my nephew , so he could learn how to drink from a straw , really easy to wash , and loved the color .
if you have more then one child , or are planning on having more then one , invest in this stroller . its worth it .
my 1 yo didn't care for it . waste of money , will try again later and again with my next lo next yr .
it didnt quite work as well as i had hoped . my son is very squirmy , so as soon as he got restless it felt less secure to me
it was like new very nice and clean , in original packaging , works perfect and it's a big help to calm my baby . seller gets 5 stars .
this car seat feels very sturdy , durable , and like it would be comfortable for my 15 month old . i also love the look in red .
fits our sealy soy bean baby mattress great . its thin , breathable , and soft .. and i assume it will get softer after each wash .
my baby loves this balls . easy for him to hold on to . also easy to clean when he spits up on it .
love these soft little blankets and the babies love to snuggle in them in their carseats and stroller . they have held up well in the wash so far .
they have been great ! we have a million of them throughout our house and my daughter hasn't been able to pull out any !
we have enjoyed this mat , we have a six month old and it is perfect to leave out for him to play on .
my 2.5 month old absolutely loves this ! she smiles every time i put her down on the mat and gets so excited . highly recommend !
these are simply amazing ! couldn't ask for a better use of space then this beautiful neutral rocker <3 recommend this item any day !
works greatcute and the baby seems engrossed in it . worth every penny to see my friends baby so happy .
very nice quality . the chair and ottoman was really easy to assemble . the fit of the chair to my stature is wonderful .
i really like this formula holder it's sturdy there's not very many pieces easy to wash and it's nice to look at
i gave one as a gift , kept one for myself , and use one on my dog . she freakin ' loves it .
excellent toy for a very young child . attractive colors and strongly constructed . the eleven month old it was given to loved it .
this fit our summer infant changing pad . very soft cover and easy to put on and take off . looks sharp in our nursery with the soft dots .
great price for the amount of diapers ! haven't tried them yet but baby is due in 4 days so they will get tried out very soon !
i love the design so i bought it . it fits a little loose at the two ends but works well enough .
this cover is made well , durable , and very comfy . has worked very well in our bassinet . i have no complaints .
we've used this in our son's crib and basinet . it's very useful in keeping him in place when he's sleeping .
great for small hands . rounded enough that stuff stays on the spoon , flat enough that my 2 year old can get the stuff off the spoon .
i love these paci clips and use them nearly every day . they keep my son's paci off the floor and stayed clipped on really well .
really like the design on these bibs they are my go tos . the fabric is thick and they don't seem to hold stains .
this product is a great space saver . i use it for my breastmilk pump parts and bottles and it looks exactly as advertised .
since i was a child , i liked this disney characters specially winnie the pooh . so , this products is worthy and i highly recommend for your baby .
cute cups for the kids to play with . make great bath toys . colors are nice . i would buy as a gift in future
turns a backpack into a handy diaper bag keeping all necessary items organized with extra room for blankets and toys .
this is the perfect mat for my car . has compartments for every toy . great quality and very heavy duty . provides good protection for my seats .
perfect for small hands and small helpings . these don't tip over because the bottoms are sticky / rubbery and are very stable . better than a sippy cup !
not much more to say than the title , my little girl just isnt intested in these cute bath toys . too bad .
there are not many simple bed skirt options out there . this one is just ok . it doesn't iron very well .
we got one before this one . he got scared of it . this one is great , he never got injured with the faucet .
excellent for back up and it fit nicely with other bottles . save me the water bill with one time cleaning for all 4 botttles .
this sling swallowed my newborn , so we weren't able to use it . this would be better for a baby that is already on your hip for extra support
no surprises here . they are screw rings . they screw , they work , i just needed more to go with my bottle system .
just ok , the shoulder width is odd but it gets the job done if you have a non fidgeting baby lol
sooo easy to clean , from the tray to the harness ! simple to install to your chair . we should have bought this sooner :)
this crib skirt if very soft and beautiful . i love it . i think it's perfect for my sweet little girls room .
this is a great fan for strollers and little ones . it blows just hard enough to create a breeze , too . love it !
work just as well as the tubes that came from the factory - no complaints from my wife and the length is great .
it is simple toy , but durable , not much exciting but not too bad either ... my 9 months baby play little not much on this
very good quality and price . after assembling it , i could see it was avery sturdy . i would recommend it to anybody .
baby loves the mirror , tags and soft toys on it . it isn't heavy for him to hold . it's one of his favorites !
great colors and size ! my daughter loves them ! i put one spoon in her hand to play with while use another spoon to feed her .
my small 3year old loves washing his hands now that he can reach . a great product and well made . installation was super easy .
this does't fit on my doors . there needs to be a large enough gap between the door and the frame .
i really like this sitting on my counter , it's colorful and fun . i would recommend this to a friend . i would purchase this again
very easy to use , does the job , covers the seat well and is not noticeable on grey leather . excellent service from amazon as usual .
i was nervous about using metal forks for our daughter , but the easy grip handle made them an instant favorite for her !
gave a very slight incline that my baby hates now , but she needed when she had a cold and was all congested .
nice bottles the only thing i didn't like was that because of the hole being at the end , it leaks when you shake it .
loved this thick padded knee rest . it makes kneeling at the tub to wash baby so much more comfortable . a fun design too .
my six month old granddaughter loves it and it really saves my bad back . it takes some patients putting it on , but worth it .
these hold up in the wash and fit my chubby 10 month old with a little bit of room to grow
good sanitation product . haven't ask my granddaughter if it is what she wanted . but seems hand free and reduced odor . easy to use
my son loves his razberry . i love it too cause he doesn't bite everything in sight when he has it .
fabric was beautiful but the leaking color and glue made this product not worth buying or recommending .. inside is made of the cheap plastic containers . not really satisfied
we love the bjorn , and love this new ( more feminine ) color ! great fit for our infant twins and a little more stylish now too :)
we love this book . it is very cute and has everything you need to record your babies first year and up to age 5 .
these are wonderful . they are perfect quality and protect the seats well . they hold in crumbs and fit perfectly on the seat .
this really protects our kitchen chair from our toddler . i love the color and its really easy to clean . its an absolute necessity !
this item looked big when i received it but it fits into 4oz bottles . it works great . i highly recommended .
it fits the little mouth perfectly with an angle . easy to grip , easy to scrap any left over from the bowl . and i like the color .
great , soft washcloths . they cost a bit more but aden and anais has great products that will last ! worth the extra money .
great concept to have it small and more portable . however it is not as odor neutralizing as the good old fashion arm & hammer in an orange box .
i loved these ! they were so nice and soft when i needed it most , and are easy to toss in the washer .
this is a pretty good design and we especially like the high back , which makes it possible for babies / toddlers to sit unsupported .
these cups are awesome for a child who is just learning to drink . easy to use and clean - it does not have a lot of parts .
we use one of these on our stroller and attach a toy . no more worrying about toys being dropped on the ground !
i bought these blocks for my 11 months old baby and she loves them . they are very soft and colorful .
used on top of regular dresser . placed on top of rubber drawer liner to keep in place . covered with a soft fabric cover . pretty genius .
great item ! we attach our twins ' bottles or toys to the stroller and high chair . it's a simple but necessary product .
my daughter got this with her daughter and it was really great my son will love it i know i do
this item i not sturdy and is universal , which means it might fit some seats and not others . it comes off easily from our seat .
cloth didn't really work out for me but this cover is super cute and sizeable for however big your baby is .
somehow my daughter has become hooked on all things hello kitty ... or maybe it's just that it's a kitty . these are her paci's of choice !
they feel kind of cheap . . . but so what ? they work very well . would not recommend investing in any higher priced versions .
very nice product - the color of the bag is even more beautiful in person . i will purchase more of these bags in the future ..
the packaging is in another language so i'm not too sure if it really is bpa free . the metal scratches the plastic flanges for my pump .
you can use them on almost all toys , i just recommend that you wash them before you use them as babies tend to put them in their mouths .
great price . a little difficult to remove when trying to use the outlet but does it's job . definitely better than other brands .
these are the only pacifiers either of my sons would use , they are great ! i would buy them again & again
they did the job okay but were not as absorbent as they could be . my home made ones are softer and absorb more than these .
to simple and difficult to be well fixed . i think it needs a third point of fixation to be better adjusted .
the sleepy wrap is the best ; my baby loves to be wrapped in it . i recommend it to everyone i know who has a baby !
this is bit expensive as compared to other bags , but this is just fantastic as it very easy to install and made up of very good quality material .
does what it is suppose to do . i love the little handle , its so much easier to feed my daughter .
they are just as good as the borne free products we purchased before . our daughter loves the handles to hold onto the cup with .
this is so cute ! baby seems to like all the noises the hanging toys make . love skip hop and this is another winner
this kit has been so helpful . the parts fit perfectly with my medella pump and they were very cost efficient !
easy to put on and take off , my baby hasn't been able to pull them off ... yet ! for now it works .
this is nice . it fit well on the dresser i put it on . it also fits all the covers i bought for it .
snappi was what i expected . does it's job and has made cloth diapering a newborn an easy journey . worth every penny .
my baby is not that into it , and she gags on the little fingers . they are too long , in my opinion .
for once the sticky tape has stopped my daughter ! we used these straps to stop her from getting into her dresser and changing table drawers .
these stay in place & are large enough to cover the seat / edges where a toilet training toddler touches - excellent for public bathrooms .
cool ideas and picture options . very please with how this book has turned out . would purchase again for next child .
the stuff in the center of the toy bunches when you wash it . it's really kind of cheap , but she still likes it ok ...
it does the job i bought it for . i am just not completely in love with them but i would buy them again .
best bottle brush i've ever used ! cleans bottles spotless & leaves them squeaky clean ! very very satisfied with purchase ! love
we loved using his in central ny for the bitter winters . fit inside our chicco keyfit 30 infant carseat easily
this has been very useful ! the only thing is that it did not come with any kind of bag or case to put it in .
i just received this . saved me a lot of time mashing bananas . i will update later once i've had more time to use it .
our baby loves her bouncer ! sometimes it's the only thing that will stop her crying .
these work great ! we installed them for the ' knife ' drawer and the lazy susan cabinet . follow the directions and you'll be good to go !
i love breastfeeding and was so glad to find these so i could pump at work with the pump they provide ! they are great !
this didn't fit on the levers on our home . i wouldn't recommend this product unless your door lever looks similar to the one pictured .
has all the necessary items i need if i should ever need them . mostly i use nail clipper , comb , and brush - which all work great !
very practical , very sturdy , the spoon is very friendly to an infant's mouth . i recommend it . and it is cute , too .
i wish i would've found this sooner . love it and so does my 2 1/2 year old . no more squeeze-related spills ! ! !
love this system and these drop-in liners work great ! i would recommend these to anyone and i'm picky so you know they are good .
i purchased this for my grand baby.however , it's bigger than i expected andi'm thinking about sending it back !
this is a great blanket it is so soft ! the colors are wonderful and my infant loves to snuggle in it .
works as promised . maybe a little cheap to last in the long term , but does the job for the price .
love these lunch boxes ! i pack my kids lunches in them everyday . saves a lot of baggies and room in their lunch bags ! great buy !
these are easy to put together and use . i wish they were a little less cumbersome so that they could travel easier .
these do the job - catching stuff and they don't seem to irritate my baby's skin . i don't flush them anyway because of weak plumbing .
the idea of this cup is good but i don't think my grandaughter likes it . if you push on the lid it leaks .
the snoogle is a very cuddly and comfortable pillow for the legs and belly . it was nice that it came with cover .
it has worked for us just fine . it does all we need it to do . it has hit the floor a few times and it still works .
these colors are adorable and the design simple ! soft fabric.it made my daughter's room come together ! very happy with this purchase
the colors are great and it does bend and twist but it's rattle is so faint that you can hardly hear it .
excelente tamaño para la mano de los padres , así como buen tamaño para las porciones de comida en la boca de los pequeños .
if you are pumping , storing and feeding frequently this is the perfect kit and much nicer than non - medela brands . it's worth the price .
i love the color , size , and back pack feature . we have the larger jujube but this one is perfect for our quick outings .
these pads work incredibly well . we have several and have never had a leak through them . i highly recommend them .
very soft , baby's accidents don't seem to leak through before you can take it off to wash , washes great , excellent fit forsummer infant contoured changing pad
i liked this product although i did find it somewhat of a pain to clean after putting someting like avocado or banana in it .
i wash it along with the diapers so once every day and it has held up remarkably well . keeps out smells like a champ .
love the colorful way these display for taking monthly pictures they make it fun and easy to identify their age .
i started using this toy for my son at age 4 months old he loves it ! he uses it at bed time and loves looking at the stars !
my son prefers the full-sized muslin blankets to these . they aren't bad but i've noticed a little fraying / pilling to the materials after several washes .
these are good for my newborn baby . cute designs . want to buy another pack . hoping they''ll fit right up until she's one or so :)
we had a bookshelf in our daughters room that we didn't want her pulling over , and these worked great . perfect solution , no issues installing .
i found boppy makes changing pads that are reusable a little more cost effective these did work great though . good for on the go
these cups worked perfectly for my granddaughter as a transition cup ! they were low leakage and she actually now prefers them over bottles !
this car seat adapter works great for my graco snugride and phil & teds explorer . i am very pleased with my purchase !
this is the best purchase we made in a long time . it keeps my little one's toys from getting all yucky on the floor .
i love this product . i bought these and the econobum prefold inserts at the same time . these are a wondeful size and are very absorbant .
soft on one side , slightly rougher on the other . a great cloth to use for bath time . durable and lasts for a few years .
this is a very good product for the price paid . i love this and will definitely buy it again in the future .
this was a great mattress . we are still using this today and it's great . baby seems to love it and she even bounces on it !
when i am home , i use the born free bottles . when i travel , i use the playtex disposable bottles . makes for easy packing and cleaning .
they are ok ( very cute and true to pictures ) but make sure not to throw them in the dryer they will stick
these would likely fit well on an actually pack-n-play mattress but they are too big to fit snugly over the play yard mat .
my baby loves it , it's not annoying music like some - it's great ! she always smiles when ever we turn it on for her .
perfect , takes up hardly any space and the chairs can be set to lean back a little if you want .
the bibs are very easy to clean and don't stain . the pocket at the bottom saves some food from the floor . we would buy these again !
great idea but it causes the parts to stick together almost like glue if they aren't completely dry when you reassemble .
very nice quality , better than expected for such a great price and it fits the mattress securely .
fits ice in it , great for taking to the lake and park . toddler holds it well , will buy more in different colors .
love it . wish it had been around for my oldest son who loved his binkie . i'm buying them for all my prego friends .
does its job , and it's the cutest thing , but it comes unclipped on the regular which is frustrating ... other than that , it's golden .
this seat totally lives up to the " mommy " hype . my five month old loves sitting in the chair and watching everything around her . great buy !
the pattern isn't as cute as i thought it would be . however i love the brand . the swaddles are light weight , and still cozy .
this clipper fits well in your hand making it very easy to cut her nails . the magnifying glass , however , could be a little sturdier .
my nephew just did not like this . it seems to wide for his small mouth . he is 14 months old
guess my new pantry door is to thin ... this slides right open and allows kids in at their pleasure . so annoying
bad quality , bad toxic smell , no bpa free , really bad . the whole bedroom smelling to toxic plastic . and ugly toys
love love love . have not used it yet but looks great . wait till my baby grow up so use it
i love this soft and thick cushion . i also like the removable head part so you can use it alone . i would buy this again
kept wet clothes and cloth diapers from messing up your whole diaper bag . great to use even as they are older for wet shoes and swim suits .
these are good storage containers ; easy to stack , easy to wash , easy to use . the only complaint is that the tops sometimes don't stay on .
i think it is very warm lovely blanket.excelente material , and manufactured . i love the letters embroider details.it is well thougt ! ! thank you ! !
good little thing to keep them out . its useful and inexpensive . we have multiple bi-fold doors in our home so it's worth it .
this is a great bib for messy meals ! the elastic cuffs keep most everything out of the sleeves . it is great !
i like this cup a lot - it doesn't leak . only downside is my son prefers straws so we rarely use this one .
it's ok though doesn't really stand up well on its own and mirror isn't great .
i'd say don't waste your time . just buy the adjustable covers from thirsties or blueberry . they are more worth the money .
so cute ! clips on tight so the baby can't get it off . my baby constantly has the ribbon in her mouth and it has held up great .
item clearly pictures a blue netting , however we recieved a white netting . item works as advertised , however i would have appericated a blue one .
i can't wait to use this in my newborn photography studio ! i haven't used it yet , so i have no further comment , but it's cute !
i like this tub , it fits in my sink well , it folds up nicely . my daughter is 4 months old and still fits in it .
i like the sack and the material . i use the swaddling blankets all the time . i just wish the zipper worked better .
wish the item was made more similar to standard sizes , just a bit more clunky than necessary to fit the medela pump .
i only wish it had the real drum-snare sounds also added to it . this is a good buy . recommend buying
best playard ! ! you cannot beat this the price and the quality was exactly what we needed and this item was a great choice
this is perfect for my 2006 bmw ! it's shatter proof , and fits wonderfully ! i can't wait to see my little boy in the reflection !
baby is more interested in the balls themselves , the tower not so much . he's 8 months now , maybe when he's a little older .
bought this with the boon drying rack and love it ! adds so much color to the kitchen . i use the stem for nipples and bottle caps .
i bought it for my babe , it's soft and quite good , i love it a lot and buy it again
very good , very soft . buy when i like pink , but the real thing looks like a better look at some of the green
this are very durable and a most have for changing tables and the diaper bag .
this fell apart the first time i washed it . also just a weird fit on the co-sleeper mattress . i wish i'd saved my money .
great , light weight & big enough and with the right amount of pockets both inside and outside . i love it !
bought an used ipod touch instead . downloaded whitenoise app . worked better . this was not loud enough . was not impressed at all .
these wall hanging are well made and are so light weight you can put them up with a tack . very cute !
snappis works great with cotton pre folds but not with hemp fleece diapers . just doesn't latch on properly . i like the the colors too .
my baby loves playing with these and i also use them to connect other toys to his shopping cart cover .
these are not so pretty looking but they get the job done . my son loves to suck on them so it's good that they are pba free .
this was a gift for my daughter , who all the time use this replacement pillows . she loves all the prince lionheart products .
these bottle produce mildew on the picture . hello kitty is now green and i've only had this for a couple months .
these do a good job keeping me dry during the day , but constantly move around at night , which is when i really need them .
spoons are perfect for babies who have no teeth yet . soft on my baby's gums . i am happy with my purchase . =)
so easy to install and use and i love the stickers it came with . couldn't be happier with our purchase .
all i can say is soft almost like velour . perfect creation . couldn't get much better . this blanket is a must have . i ordered 2 more
great burpclothes . i would recommend these to any new parent . burpclothes are essential to have when having a baby . quality is great .
easy to install and they do what they are intended to do - keep little people from sticking things into the sockets .
these straps come in very handy , i strap all of theirlittle toys on the stroller and walker . you get tired of picking upevery toy they drop .
i like this for my younger baby , but too small for my 29 lb girl .
it isnt very sturdy but has worked for us the past four months . the back material is a very thin piece of fabric that doesn't attach well .
this is a great proruct . it seemed a little long but helped my daughter get used to silicone bottle nipple before i went back to work .
es muy lindo el producto muy colorido excelente para entretener al bebe es super adaptable a diferente lugares como el coche corral silla porta bebe , moises .
my son hates how the nipple on these is so straight and pointed . he refuses to suck on them at all and prefers the mam style over this .
works great at keep the seat cool . especially the metal pieces don't get hot in the southern california sun
i got mine from target and it never worked , useless piece of plastic trash we have now . stop wasting people's money munchkin ! ! !
these are great for on the go diaper changes - they hide the smell perfectly and are big enough to hold the biggest of diapers !
i love these clips - we kept losing pacifiers until i found these - i wash them with clothes etc so they are super easy .
i was worried this would be a cheaply made cover but it's actually quite soft and durable . i definetly am happy with this purchase !
my baby is 9 month old , and he loves it . he sits so comfortable . it also looks nice . pennies worth ! ! !
nice to have in the event of spit ups , which are inevitable . makes it a bit harder to put a cover on , but worth the hassle .
use it all the time . takes the chill off . i use the second pack if i want to make the bottle even warmer .
can't beat the price and quality . same as the medela bags but a better bargain . i use these bags to sterilize everything .
its adorable and will be so convenient to move it about the house depending where we are at . great reviews ! .
best teething toy we've found to date . our daughter won't put this down . this is fantastic for any infant who is teething
my little one loves this munchie mug ! it is big but perfect for little hands to carry around . i wish i could have thought of this one !
great for gassy / colicky baby . worked wonders for us . my 4 month old has reflux and colic and these things were sanity savers ! !
i like all the dishes or silverware come with cases to keep clean for my son . it is convient for travelling or go out .
very easy to use once you get it programed . very light weight and easy to clip on and stays in place while baby is sleep .
we like the product and works very well . it's a little pricey but overall good product . we have purchased several .
they are pretty bulky so i never used them . but they look like they would work well for their pupose .
honestly , it's great quality for the price . easy to assemble ( although you need to be two ) , solid , and good looking !
i hated pumping and found this to enable me to multi-task ( work on computer , etc . ) . i would not pump without it !
my 20 month old son used these while we were on vacation . they were a great size for him to use to feed himself .
love the fun colors and styles . it is a life saver . no more lost and dirty binkies .
i like these paci holders but ... they are kinda bulky . i wish the width of the fabric was a bit skinnier.cute patterns though .
the quality is very good , the design is very beautiful . to start learning to eat children , the baby is like , i would be very happy
nice grips and works well . lovely colors of course as well . would recommend if you get with good price like i did
nice quality , strong enough to hold heave bags . i use it with my britax stroller and is a must have .
fits the crib & serves its purpose . its soft to the touch & doesnt rub my baby's skin . plus its a cute design .
i like how big this seat saver is and it doesn't slide around too much for my active 2 year old .
doesn't stay right too well on my faucet . may be because of the faucet , but figured if share my experience .
wife fell in love with this as soon as she saw it and this became the baby's primary blanket and it matches her colors perfect
these are so soft , absorbent and wash well ! love that its organic cotton as well ! price is cheaper than ive found elsewhere . great value !
my daughter sleeps all the way through the night now in her pack n play at my parents house . thank you !
after a power outage killed my original adapter , i needed a quick replacement , and this adapter hooked right up and works perfectly .
everyone should buy this ! such a soothing gift . my granddaughter liked to just explore with it as well , not necessarily just to sooth gums .
i like the velour sheets better than cotton for my babies and this was great . color is exactly what i was expecting .
i find it a little too small even for my 4 month baby . fits to my baby bag and has practical pockets
i like the fact it's easy to remove and wash , but it could be a little bigger . overall , pretty great
i hate dr.brown ' s bottles ... too many parts to clean ... 6 parts per bottle ... switched to tomme tippie and couldnt be happier !
i don't recommend because i used this to mash apples and the apples came out squished and intact with very little juice extracted .
just the right size for toddler beds . i have only used a few weeks and i am happy . should they wear out quickly , i will repost .
my son loves this set . he loves everything cars so the bedding set was a no-brainer for us . the quality is good too !
these bibs can handle my baby's drool , and dinner time messes very well . that is a plus since many other bibs were not as good .
too bulky for a quick on the go diaper organizer . i sent it back and am looking for a more compact one .
this doesn't actually fit a mini crib . i use a dalani emily crib and the bumper ties in awkward places and crumples if touched the slightest bit .
these are great for trimming my 6 - week-old's nails . they could be a tad bit sharper , but we haven't had any accidents .
love the soft silicone for baby to chew on but it collects yuck like crazy and constantly needs to be washed off .
using for potty training . stores well and makes it easy for my son to get on the toilet safer . great product !
each element of the case was used , the only thing is that to sterilize not withstand high temperatures , especially implements give medicines
i love the bonus one for quick trips , or as a " just in case " along w / the bigger holder on longer trips .
nice deep spoons and not pointed forks . they are great for my baby to learn feeding herself .
the color it really pretty and exactly what i was expecting . very soft and cleans well when thrown in the washer
these sheets are priced very well and they are made of a nice soft jersey knit . i am very happy with them .
my baby girls like to sit in it , sliding up and down and she likes to play with a teething toy .
these are good , but they twist on the car seat shoulder straps . you have to straighten them out each time you put a child in the seat .
they are light weight and soft . some have rattles or crinkly . should be great for a while ! awesome product worth the money .
i bought when i lost one of them that came with my pump . they work perfectly and i would recommend .
love them ... thank you for such great product ... works perfectly ... you have put a smile on my face and my babys dry is awesome
good quality . a real spoon and fork for kids . no weird molding . fork is safe , no concern of hurting baby at all.very safe
this fits graco click connect 35 car seats . i called bob and they said this has been safety tested for graco click connect .
this was such a hit at a " daddy to be shower " all the guys loved it . some even want one for them selves lol
pretty good product but there is no seal so if there is any water in the straw , it will leak out .
when it is hot and you need to swaddle your baby , these blankets are a great way to go.we keep one in the diaper bag at all times .
i love these on my son . they are so cute and they work well too . i plan on ordering more in other colors .
this works very well on a changing table or by itself - very well made and i would recomend this pad
its soft , the color was true to the picture and arrived timely . very happy with this can't wait to use it .
i bought the single electric pump , love the product highly recommended for breast feeding moms . i used it in cars , office even malls .
my kid loves this thing , whenever i turn it out he starts giggling and kicking and going crazy . he loves that the little fish move .
they did shrink or maybe too small by just a little i air dried them and its a tough fit ! but adorable !
i have been using my planet wise diaper bag for 4 years and it has held up great ! i just purchased a new one for a friend .
these are a great price when you compare them to others online or at the store . they are just what we needed .
i really liked this kind of meterial also i love the color cor mu baby boy crib nice one thanks
the music isn't annoying at all , our baby loves the bright colors and she just loves kicking the spaceship on this gym !
my son would not use this . i'm assuming it's the texture of the mesh he doesnt like . he liked chewing on the handle more .
this changing table is easy to clean , my daughter loves being changed on it , and it doesn't slide around on my changing table .
while my daughter hasnt taken to them , these are great little blankets . safer than larger blankets and have all the softness of other aden + anais products .
these bibs are big and absorbent . they catch big spit ups and are very cute ! i would definitely recommend them .
good sheets , no problems . not sure what to say , they are what they are , they do their job as described .
love the durability and comfort . doesn't smell upon opening which is a plus and cushions nicely for my seven month old .
just the right size for graco playard . it is very appropriate for young infant : not too soft and not too firm .
great concept , 17 month old bout ready for it . he tilts to up like a sippy and the juice pours all over him ...
okay , every child needs to have this item , hours , and hours , and hours of great fun for the child at the same time education .
love this snack tray ! easy to open and close . plus it has good proportions for holding a sippy and cheerios to grab .
i love these . not only are they practical for eating out , but they are educational too . i'm a teacher and i love the baby einstein products .
only bib she will leave on the clean easy only downside she has long hair and it tangles pulls if not careful
my 5 month old is able to pick this up and make the music play . at $ 9.99 on prime , it's a great toy for the price .
i bought these for my milk storage bottles . they work great instead of the ones with the cap under the ring .
cute set , but smells super toxic . i washed them a few times , but the books still smell horrible .
very cute and unique little toy - we get lots of compliments and my dd loves to pull on it and chew on it .
very cute , nice and soft with a grip handle for play . appears easy to wash , which is definitely a bonus !
love these best very cute and work great use them often good for starters on soilds would recommend to any one !
this is a very soft and pretty towel , but it tore along the seam after only 2 washes .
- works well with all types of pacis-well-made and durable-very cutei bought several and have really enjoyed them .
love the pictures on these . be sure that your table isn't wet before you tape them on . they stick well if you do it right :)
this is such a cute sheet , so soft and cuddlyfits true to size , no problems even after washing and drying
these pads are nice and soft but bulky and don't stay in place well . as long as you don't want to wear them out-and-about they are excellent .
this fits any paci and the clip is strong ! my little one will pull and tug and it stays clasped ! perfect product and adorable !
we use this on our uppababy vista and it works great . plenty of room for phone , etc . holds beverages upright .
does its job and can be put in dishwasher ... that make it a like :) just got them so i can't say i love them yet ;)
these were just what i wanted to prevent neck burns from the car seat seat belt . not too hot which is great since we live in southern california .
great quality , washes great , i air dry and it works just fine no loss of color . love it , great buy !
just what i was expecting it to be . only thing ... could have used a handle or some sort of strap for easy of carrying .
it's definitely spill proof , with easy grips for small hands . i would recommend this cup for all toddlers . also a great price !
i bought this extension kit for the baby play yard and i'm really happy with the quality . it's solid and it's not wobbly .
me encantan y a mi hijo también , solo quisiera que continuaran la linea completa de las teteras de entrenamiento y demas
i had no problem syncing it with my camera , but it is a little hard to press the tiny gray button for it to sync .
uses this like crazy alternating with 2 others - only thing my daughter couldn't escape from and wake herself up with flailing arms
these are just ok towels . they are kind of rough and thin and not very attractive . i wouldn't buy again .
doesn't stay put very especially when hitting bumps while driving . tried tightening straps but it is causing indentations in leather .
we live in manhattan apartment and we have a small stove so we try this product . this does not fit period .
my toddler loves being able to turn on her light now whenever she needs to go in her room . the glow feature is handy too !
this is good if you have a new boirn you don't mind sleeping on the hot we l floor . i suggest rent as crib , waste of money
this towel fits just as expected and baby is comfy . this towel is very cute and soft to the touch .
my 3 month old love the activity gym ! he can't get enough of it ... he plays by himself and laughs at the flashing star ! !
this is very portable , but it's flimsy and so small that we only used it once before my son outgrew it . not a good investment .
piece of junk . very noisy . poor quality . i took it back and got another brand .
a little bigger than i expected , but it holds all of my daughters toys and keeps them dry when she is done with them .
these are pretty effective at reducing dirty diaper odor . i'd recommend them . don't forget to change them out from time to time though .
the lid opens and closes easily . a little pricey for ice cubes with a lid , but there's no other product out there .
these stickers are well made and very cute ! i love taking the monthly pictures and comparing how much my baby has grown . love ! !
i love it , she loves it more . very comfortable and useful around the house and these look very cute.overall good purchase
this pad is so cute and very durable . it fits nicely folded in my bag and it lightweight and portable . highly recommend as a reusable changing pad .
these are very small and thin , they suit better as either burp cloths or just to put under my baby's head in a swing .
i have no complaints for this brand . no leaks so far , and diapers are great quality . i absolutely adore this print !
i bought several of these in blue , green and off white . they are holding up well and they wash well
plenty of room for lots of info about baby and places to put photos and other small items for memories
fits great on my single city mini and 2 on my double britax b-agile . great value and works great for what we need !
i love these and the smell is great but my baby could care less . he sure loves his sophie tho !
so glad i purchased an extra set ! now we don't have to worry about running out of elmo dishware ! goes through the dishwasher great-no issues thus far .
i thought that i would use this more but when i got it i found that sleeping with baby didn't really require this .
i got this product within the first week of breastfeeding . i thought i needed it but i really didn't . bottom line - i never used it .
those are the favorites of my buy altho hes not using ' em always the way that it should be .. :d
these straps work pretty well . i wish there were a few more snaps for length adjustment but they work well overall .
every cloth diapering parent must have some snappis in their stash ! these make using prefolds and flats so easy . would not use prefolds and covers without these .
my son just chewed off the top of the silicone spout right away , so the cup became useless . otherwise it works fine .
i like this cup so far . my son likes the soft nipple and it is easy to hold . good sippy !
good bottle . somehow misplaced the nipples to some of the bottle , these fit perfectly . works well and baby will take the .
this little food feeder is magnificent ! she is able to feed herself and i don't have to worry about her choking . best little invention !
my seven month old niece and my three month old son both love this toy , it occupies them for a while with the colours and sounds
we chose these because they use them in the nicus . if they are a safe choice for the premies then we are sold . no issues with them .
bought as a gift so i didn't open them , but they looked fine in the package . not much to say about them
these cups are a must for toddlers . they truly don't leak and are easy to clean and also stand up well in the dish washer .
the description says that this is for a pack of 2 , but it's incorrect - you only receive 1 bib ( so i returned it ) .
this item , when paired with the twig dryer , is so fun to have on the kitchen counter . it is sturdy and works well !
i use this on the stroller and high hairs . it is brilliant . i wish i had come up with it myself !
this changing pad cover is made of nice soft minky like micro fiber . it washed well and fits perfectly and was a great price .
a good feeder for your independent little one . imo it holds up much better than the mesh versions . great and perfect for little hands to hold onto .
much better than a eletrical one i have from mustela . easy to use and very practical . i really recommend it !
poorly made , not portable ; thick and bulky and not very secure . would not recommend , would recommend the brica fold n ' go booster .
my daughter is into everything and i cant hide all the plugs with furniture . this is a great alternative ! easy to assemble .
yes , it's just an ice tray with a cover . the molds are 3/4 of an ounce which is a perfect portion for baby food .
these are exactly what i expected and fit into our playtex sipee cups . they fit just right , allowing flow without leaking .
these are amazing . great print , fit and easy to use . i have others like these and love them . would definitely recommend to others .
our medela breast pump did not come with small breashields so we had to order these . as expected , they fit perfectly with the pump !
i do not use it full time but i have been happy with it . its a very good price and excellent quality .
it's a easy way to give fruits or any food without risk to your baby ... practice and comfortable ... i like it
i want amazon give me more start than i can vote this refill for diaper genie more . like it because its economy . thank you very much .
fits my 14 month old perfectly ... washes up great , nice to not use 5 bibs a day and great to keep her arms clean too
what you see is what you get , sticky strips hold very well , and they provide three per cushion . no complaints .
this carrier is a must have ! ! i love its style and it is comfortable for me ! my son does not complain ! worth the buy !
still using these daily with my 2 year old & i've used them since he was born
my son loves it .  . he has kept his all other bath toys aside.he jumps in the bath tub like a basket ball pro
perfect for babe . he lives it and i don't worry about a blanket getting loose . i bought another ! great product recommend it !
we love these paci holders . we have two and used them every day - one in the car and one on the stroller .
great wet bag-contains any mess you can throw at it and launders well . we use this for dirty diapers , soiled clothing , etc .
the accessory attaches easily to the peg perego si stroller . it holds fountain drinks without spilling . very convenient for keys , etc .
i use it to charge bb 8900 ( which requires microusb charger ) with a mini usb charger , and it works well .
i am glad we purchased this for our babys pack n play . it was a perfect fit and i loved the cushion of the material ! ! ! excellent
simple and does the trick . only brushes i've found that can get in every crevice in a bottle nipple ! last forever !
the product is constructed well and made with good materials but did not fit my son's older crib very well .
these are very absorbent . i wear these at night and they do wonders . i would recommend to any nursing mom .
so soft and comfortable . my daughter loved this and it kept her calm enough to fall asleep . the vibrations are nice , and the music .
this is great portable toy ! babies love it . there should be more volume levels . sometimes i wish it could get louder .
i like this nasal aspirator , it works well , only cons : you have to purchase filter unlike the other one i've got .
snap broke after using it twice . bag is very pretty and bright though . just don't expect the snap to last .
this set is nice looking , better quality than usual alphabet letters for the fridge , stand up well to toddler abuse
this fits a very specific style of power strip . fully straight , single row .
we got this extra base for my husband's car . it is so conveniente since we both commute with the baby depending on the day !
very bulky and the canopy was useless . wouldn't stay up . do not like how it fits onto the b agile stroller . returned this item .
these spoons are great for first time eaters . the bright colors are fun and gentle around baby's fragile little mouth .
i've had this mattress for a few months now , and it's been working really well so far . it fits in my baby's davinci emily crib almost perfectly .
protects heads from sharp corners well enough . little fingers are eventually able to figure out that it's fun to pull off though . just needs to be re-taped .
this worked just fine until i moved . it does not fit right in our new bathtub . now she like to take it off and play with it .
my daughter received this for christmas and loves it . the music is great and there is a lot of variety .
i needed this for my stroller . works and fits perfect . i can now add her drinks and foods on the snack tray .
well made and easy to assemble ! our 7 month old grandson loved using this as he seems to feel free and happy to be upright and moving !
love these bibs ! they keep all the drool from soaking through his shirt and they look super cute . perfect shape for catching all that teething drool .
no problems . the concept of 3 in 1 is baffling to me . i don't thinki can sanitize enough . sturdy product
these are great bowls ! they are bpa free , dishwasher safe and seem sturdy . the size is right for my daughter's daily oatmeal .
this sterilizer is larger than i thought , which is good ; but the steam is so weak it does not fully sterilize the accessories on top rack .
awesome drying rack ! it looks great and doesn't look like an ugly eyesore on my counter .
soft and works well for bath time and washing baby's face . have not shredded since washing several times . color stays nice as well .
bought this as a gift for a friend and her daughter loved it . it's brightly colored and easy for little hands to hold . extremely fast shipping
great item , my baby love this item , he just stares at it , it keeps him occupied , would recommend this product .
i bought literally every single bottle said to be good for breast feeding ... and every single one failed ! i wish i had bought this first !
they are cheap , absorbant and fit well in small gdiapers . would also work under baby's head to catch spit up .
these work for their intended purpose , but i'm not too happy about how they look . i don't know if there are better looking options available though .
i bought these to use as a sippy cup ! ! the nuk replacement spout fits them perfectly . best part is they are super cute !
save your knees and get this ! works great , easy to clean , easy to story , easy everything . i use it nightly .
this is so warm it keeps the baby warm all night . i love the muslin and its not sprayed with any chemicals like other sleep sacks .
i wish this would fit more snugly on the bath spout , but it falls off constantly and is quite annoying .
bought this for myself and so far have enjoyed using it . hope my baby enjoys it as well ! !
its a great bag but too small ! i expected it to be larger . this basically fits into a diaper bag . not worth the money .
the best comb / brush set out there and cheap . i love it - i have 2 and would highly recommend it .
i'm really not a huge fan . the picture is deceiving because it is missing the middle stuffing . i wish it was more cushioned and thicker .
fits well , wears nicely , launders well . as described . soft , durable , color holds . good quality changing table mattress cover . pleasant design .
i loved having all of the accessories that allowed me to pump and store breast milk directly in avent bottles even though i didn't have an avent breast pump .
for it's purpose , it's fantastic . i reach for these before i reach for medela bags , but both are good bags .
protege bastante seu beb contra ventos e chuva , ao mesmo tempo que tem uma área de ventilao suficiente . serve também para outros carrinhos de tamanho semelhante .
this sleep sack is a great one for a nice light layer while sleeping . i seems true to size and is made very well .
it works ... it's expensive because you literally just get " one " but ... it works ... it keeps them out of places they don't need to be
great set of stacking / pouring bath-time fun cups . the quality is excellent and both my 3 - year old and my 1 - year old enjoy them .
these are cute and the right length , but i think they could have put a little more cushion around the rattle part , it is a little hard .
these scissors work remarkably well and make cutting baby's nails so easy and safe ! i'm not afraid i'm going to hurt those cute little fingers .
best bibs i've tried ! easy to clean . catch all food . soft on neck . neat design . definetly get some of these !
these sheets fitted perfectly in my baby's graco pack and play ( contour electra ) . they are really soft . i was pleased with the purchase .
material is thin , but it does it's job . using this in pack n play changer and on changing table pad .
if you have a baby that is fussy and wants the confinement of a tight blanket this is the one . very pretty and warm .
it is very expensive for to much plastic . it is easy , much easy then chicocar seat , but steel heavy for a women .
calm sounds , gentle motions and easy colors soothe baby and lull him to sleep . excellent , quality product - a must have for the crib !
put cushins on table corners and below the kitchen granite corner that is sticking out . great product at good price !
this has been a perfect lunch bag for my daughter - it fits 3 bottles and at least 2 things of baby food / pouches .
my 10 month old loves this toy ! the button is easy to push and the melodies are fun and not annoying like other toys.highly recommend .
the patern is great and the size also but the material is kind of rough ... other than that everything is ok
just what i ordered , will do exactly what it says so i give it a good review ! yes i would recommend this to others as well !
my daughter hates getting her nails clipped , but this always does a quick job and i never worry about clipping too much . excellent product !
completely worth the money ! not only is it adorable but the mirror is very large and i can keep a close eye on my little girl .
very soft little kid loves it . the toothpaste seems good to them . great product and price . so glad i got this .
the car seat shipped in two days and is perfect for my daughter . it is going to be for my mothers car when she is a little bigger .
keeps my 4 year old's dirty shoes from hitting our seats . works great on both our hondas , the pilot and the civic !
loved it , for baby shower gift . exactly what my niece wanted . shipped in the time i was told . perfect gift !
i love the spray pal . it makes spraying cloth diapers much easier . i am so glad i found this product .
my baby is 6 month old.she start to drink bottle except milk bottle.to hang it on baby carrier.good product , it's cheaper than other site . that's enough .
this is cute . the foot stamp is difficult to use but at least the baby stays clean . overall nice amount of pages .
the quality is good and the design is bright and fun . easy to clean . i've used it several times and was thinking of purchasing a backup
i found it is so small for baby use comparing with the product info . pictures when i bought it before .
these are great little seat covers not the like the thin ones that you get in a bathroom stall they are made with a thicker material great little protectors
when i first started breast feeding these bags were great . but once i started producing more these bags were too small .
this works great on our goose-neck faucets ! the rubber part stretches to go around the end of the goose neck and stays put when the water is running !
this product is very easy to use , just wash , add some water and place into the microwave ! definitely cost-effective and time-saving !
well-made and a good size . there are velcro strips on the back of this , but they are not configured to attach easily to a crib .
doesn't stay tight and you need to readjust every once in a while . otherwise just fine .
fits snuggly and it definitely protects . i would buy this for anyone or recommend it . it washes very well too .
i got this for my wife . although this is a half pillow , it serves the purpose . you might want to consider buying a full one .
this is very handy . i had been loosing multiple straws in the dishwasher until i started using this . the flexible sides are great .
i had used some of these in the hospital . this was exactly the same as the ones in the hospital . perfect for on the go .
this is a good quality teether that really does provide relief for the back teeth . my daughter loves to chew on it . i highly recommend .
really easy to use . and very helpful when it's a messy number 2 . wish i would of bought them sooner
thank you britax ! finally , a sun shade that does the job simply and without obstructing the window . i wish i had found these sooner .
it is good size and soft spoon.it is a perfect spoon to take food to baby mouth and safe for dishwasher .
good little toddler pillow . seems to be holding shape 3 months later . no complaints . grandma makes pillow cases to fit .
very soft comfy blanket . it was beautiful ! perfect size to fit in crib mattress . going to be warm and soft to babies sensitive skin .
my daughter is 1 year old and they are the perfect size for her . best spoon and fork set i have found . very durable
my little loves this toy . she plays with it everyday all day . i put snacks in the tray while she plays . it also helped her walk too
these are eco and super soft . they are a little bulky under a bra but work well if the shirt is not to fitted
works just as expected . he's too short for me to see if it actually keeps him out of the oven yet but fingers crossed .
more like float toys and we do like them . but don't expect to fill them up with water easily and then squirt them .
the mattress is super works great for the baby great super soft / i would recomend this to all with new babys for sure
this crib sheet has a cute graphic , is well made , fairly priced and states no bumper pad is needed with this type of sheet design .
since my granddaughter loves winnie the pooh , this was just perfect.she plays with the pooh clip and the strap hold the pacifier .
seems cheaply made and was annoying to set up , but now that they are in place , they are serving their purpose . slightly overpriced in my opinion .
sweet pea is my granddaughter's favorite snuggle toy to sleep with . it is soft and just the right size for little hands .
the print on this diaper is completly adorable ! however , the diaper itself feels cheap and isn't very adjustable . it also doesn't feel much like an aio .
received item and colors are perfect . i can not wait to see our new addition to the family in it .
for us , the best ! you can reuse all the products , easy to combine with other options .
not for tiniest teethers , but good for 5-6 months and beyond . nice sturdy shape and size to hold and chew !
great pouches made of very strong plastic , easy to fill and to wash whether by hand or in the dishwasher . i just wish they were bigger !
a bit bulky under pants but great at preventing leaks . we've used it for only a couple weeks so i hope the velcro lasts
philips avent bpa free classic bottle sealing discs work on both the classic and the natural . clean easy and are slightly rubbery for a tight seal .
i got this for my son and he loved it . it's very soft , easy to clean , and cleans the baby teeth great .
this is a cute little plush toy and is great for an infant / toddler to play with . cute color as well .
holds everything i need it to . the spinning is useful so that you don't have to reach around to take things off / put on .
my 7 month old loves this toy so much that we have 2 of them , one for our main home and one for holidays .
like most of avent products , these ones do the work well . no complaints.would be better if you can choose colors , design , but not a big deal
i like the idea of using this in my dishwasher to keep the baby's things separate , but to be honest , i usually on use the bigger basket ..
this is a nice little fitted sheet , but is a bit small for a 6 " mattress . could be made a bit bigger .
both my 2 year old and 7 month old enjoy chewing on it . i love that i always have something on hand for their teething
these bags are very high quality , have gorgeous prints , and launder well . i was surprised how much i loved these bags !
this product was purchased for a new mother using the dr brown natural flow baby bottle system . it is small enough to clean the tubes and works well .
i am happy with my purchase . made in the usa . i will recommend to my friends for sure . :) ...
this was a great cover for our graco car seat . it kept the wind and rain from the baby . i love this product !
cute toy to have for when my grand kids come to visit . it is a smaller toy and they seem to really like it .
pros : + easy to assemble + works well for the items we have + made of decent plastic + easy to turncons : i need more space :-)
i'm happy with the sealing discs ; this will be great for keeping milk in my natural avent bottles ! so far loving them .
does what it says it does and it's affordable . great value for money . '
this fits my graco stroller and works well , but smelled terrible . i left it out on our porch first for over a month to off-gas .
these are good sized spoons for a baby . they are also disposable and if you want to keep them they last quite a while .
fit his cups perfectly and helped save me money since he likes to chew on them .
they smell wonderfeul ! after a month , they still smell great . so they seem to do a good job . i would recommend these !
it fits perfect in her mini crib.washes so perfect with no wear and tear . im am very happy with this sheet and i will be buying more
cute to use as a party game at baby girl shower or to use as party favors and decorations or cake decorations
easy to use and install . there are self helping stickers to help see where to install the locks . my husband installed one in 5 minutes .
keeping it only because i had washed it before putting it on the mattress ... wouldn't buy again or recommend . - -
thank goodness these are available . you feel such doom coming down on you when you watch these little membranes circle their way down a drain .
another genius product . you just need to use velcro for the adhesive . very very satisfied . keeps my kid from getting into the sliding door closets .
worth every dime . our daughter said best sleep she has had in a long time . the pillow is awesome pregnant or not !
i bought extra sets of these so i wouldn't have to wash and wait for them to dry at work . these have been a lifesaver !
lots of fun colors to keep my little one-month old entertained ! very light weight . easy to clean . toys attach in many different places .
its o . k light and not too fancy just the necessary to cover a baby . worth the price . i did not probe it yet
i wiped the toy clean as per previous review but it seems that baby's drool may have leaked inside . one side looked a bit wet inside .
it is very compact , easy to fold , light weight . easy to put in vehicle . great purchase . awesome sun shade . almost perfect
love the flat part of this dry rack works best for our kitchen the color is as displayed orange it fits my medela bottles and all it's parts
i like this product but it is troublesome keeping it away . there are no features to keep the balls and they end up rolling all over the place .
i was apprehensive about buying this but after seeing the quality , i got it in 4 colors ! maintains its color and shape even after several washings :-)
i got the giraffe blankie and it is very soft and fluffy . it may be a bit small for bigger children but for infants this is perfect .
it's compact enough and can fold up nicely to stow away . gives my 4 year old a feeling of independence to have her own dirty hamper .
such a space saver for the cabinet and everything is so much easier to reach now this is my 2nd organizer
dont use silicone use natural rubber for your baby . i use nuk rubber orthodonic nipples because they are natural and work perfectly .
it is nice and soft and it fits well . but it's too thin . almost see through ! i prefer the organic cotton !
heats up the milk pretty quickly , easy to use :) saves a lot of time comparing to warm the bottle in hot tab water
looks nice . works on a standard sized crib . wrinkles fell out eventually - i don't iron . gets ahuffled around when i change the sheets .
very cute and thick . they seem like they will last a while and you cant beat the price for the quality .
these spoons work great and come in good colors . nice long handles and great grip . you cannot go wrong with this purchase .
my grand children can't get out of the doors like they used too . one less thing i have to worry about
this was a gift for our grandson . he is theething and enjoy the teether ball at the beginning but he get tire soon .
i love this changing pads , they are soft and very well made . i use them with my other fb diapers .
this pad is great to place under your sheets in parent's bed where mom sleeps and nurses . just the right size to shield mattress from excess breastmilk !
i already have one of these and actually bought another because it is so handle and it is convenient to have two of them , i would really recommend these
the great product highly recommended and i have no complaints . with my second child i have used only dr.brown ' s products for his bottle feedings
these were so soft and they actually stayed on my daughter . buy 2 pairs , they are so tiny and easy to lose .
pro : five pointgreat for our 4.5 pound babylike the adjustable strap is in front ! very convenienti'm very happy with our purchase !
it does what it's supposed to do and it's cute . protects my son from hitting his head on the spout .
nice looking cup , but no lid and difficult to clean , so it's ended up in the back of the cupboard .
it works ok but flat bottom would have been better . angled bottom doesn't work for my kid as my kid's bottom slides out anyway .
we use this for breast milk , formula and solid foods . it's great - we use it several times every day !
the perfect nighttime combo for my son ( now 18 months ) is a bumgenius insert + thirsties hemp + cotton prefold .
it bounces and vibrates . for such a cheap price , it's worth it ! puts him to sleep right away ! good for young babies .
safety 1st 2 pack custom fit all purpose strap work great . hope they will last longer . recommended , but not cheap . ^ _ ^
my son loves this toy ! it's very soothing to him to play with the tags , and he loves the texture in his mouth as well .
i love this one . it is very convenient and easy to use with my dr brown bottles and other accessories .
this did not fit well and we had to return it . i cannot attest to the comfort since we couldn't use it .
it doesn't stay cold for long , but that doesn't seem to matter . my baby likes it anyway .
these sunglasses are great ! they are definitely toddler proof . they are bendable , scratchable , droppable , and they still hold up . great buy !
these worked great when we made our own baby food . kept it easy to make and freeze to store for later .
easy to wash and my tot loves them . i like the little basket too . adorable and made of good quality materials and craftsmanship .
can't pump without it ! i could not even scratch my face before ... not attractive ... but pumping is not either ! lol !
no smell from the plastic rain cover . i think both the mosquito net and rain cover will come in very handy in the fall with a newborn
my 5 month old nephew loves this toy . it keeps him busy . many colors and shapes and sounds of paper crinkle helps him with development .
my 7 month old wants nothing to do with these ... she would rather try to hold the bottle without the handles .
i have two for both my boppy's . these covers have saved the pillows from being continually saturated with breast milk .
my little boby like it very much my little boby like it very much my little boby like it very much
for our third child ( we already have a double-stroller ) , so take the car seat out the car , and snap and go . folds really well .
i love them . they are a great buy 4 anyone who uses cloth diapers . they absorve really well and cleans better than the disposabel whipes .
great little booster seat ! we bought to take on vacation and grandparents houses . son loves it and should be able to use it for quite a while .
wasn't high quality and didn't really like it . didn't put off much light anyway . removed it from my son's room .
the playtex dropins are a quick and easy way for bottles . the 100 count box is a good value as well .
the package was all dusty and faded and it seems like it has been passed around but unopened . still works .
top shelf dishwasher safe . they are a ok bottle nothing special about them that makes them better than any other bottle out there .
great trimmer . it is easy to use and it doesn't seen to bother baby at all . def love it ( ^ ^ ) v
the silicone make it easy to clean and the hole is in a good side for a big kid to take thing out .
we returned this . not leakproof at all . save your money and buy a sigg small sized bottle . hate this foogo .
must have in the diaper bag and glove compartment to keep the eating surface clean for your child when eating out
they have made it through more than 10 washes without blurring or falling off . i would defiantly get them again .
best stroller and set up by far especially for twins ! ! my fourth stroller and last stroller . love it . simple to use .
i absolutely love these changing pads ! this is a great deal for your money ! love the print and the design ! i will order again !
these have a nice light scent and work great for any smelly or messy problem . once i've iused these i'll be reordering .
works beautifully on my baby's cloth-diapered bum ... i wish it had a little bit cleaner smell , but it smells good enough , i suppose .
only used it for a month . it became loose on me b / c the elasticity on it wasnt as strong as when i first bought it .
these are great , i use them with my beco gemini carrier and they fit perfectly . saving my carrier from lots of wear . definitely recommend !
the material is like a cooling material which is great for my hot blooded babies , fits perfectly . and the color goes with almost anything girly .
a must have for any baby's nursery . very comfy for baby and lightweight . much better than some of the pads that come with changing table .
we originally uses the loop latch which are a pain . these go one and come off very easy and keep baby out great ! ! definitly recomend !
i've seen kids figure out cabinet locks , but not these . they don't have the strength to push them down and unlock them . totally worth it .
super light weight.if you would possibly need to transfer it from car to car you will find that much easier than with some other brands .
purchased for son-in-law for first baby . he loves it ! perfect color , style , not too big but roomy enough for the essentials .
it fits around 3-4 so it's perfect for a day out with a cloth diapered baby . holds in stink as well . will buy again !
it really did help cut down on the mess . easy to wash ( dishwasher safe ) and fits great inside the infantino tubes .
amazing for travelling and taking to grandma's house ! ! light , comfy and looks cute . good investment . would definatly recommend to anyone .
they work as expected , my daughter loves them . quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack , and quack
perfect for toddler that walks / stands in tub . bonus is kneeler . easy to clean and comfortable . suction cups work well . .
my daughter never took to it . did not help her to fall asleep at all . we had to remove it early too .
just like the originals ! ! ! love to have these in handy because i sometimes loose the originals that come with sippy cups
we love the spoon and fork but i agree with other reviewers that it would have been nice to have a lid for the plate .
we use them on my bedroom door so toddler can walk in and not hurt her fingers . works great and they are soft .
no issues at all . good for large sized openings . this was pretty much the only one i saw that would fit in my case . pretty secure .
kind of small ... i thought is was going to be kind of big but no , baby loves it though because is so soft and nice .
this has proven to be a stylish and convenient place to keep the bath toys . happy with this product overall .
i cannot believe my grandbaby has 6 teeth , and these really seem to help with the teething pain ! i am a believer !
poor quality didn't like it at all . i put them straight in the garbage
put this on our stroller to attach the dog's leash when we go for walks . it's perfect , no problems at all .
haven't used them yet . my baby isn't due until may . they feel really soft though and that's a good thing ;o)
i swear by these ... i feel like they breathe better ... less plastic around his mouth . the come with a box for steam sanitizing in the microwave .
i like the absorbancy but these are a bit scratchy and i don't like them direct against baby's skin . i prefer thirsties hemp
we got this holder along with the car seat and its flimsy . the cup holder tilts outward away from seat and falls off easily . not impressed .
even though i stopped nursing and pumping , i still love these bottles and use them for formula . my son really likes the nipples on the .
cannot be used as a swaddle blanket , only as a cover while nursing , lining baby items like a changing pad or bassinet .
great for nursing in public , beware if it's to hot outside , can worsen the situation . the print is lovely .
i thought is smelled a bit funny at first but it was easy to use and my husband loved it .
these are effective in keeping my kids out of closets and they don't damage the door . sturdy enough so far .
no better than alvas , which are $ 5 each from the manufacturer at their website directly . not a bad diaper , just you can get cheaper !
these cups keep my little guy busy for a long time ! i will say i thought the cups would be a little bigger . they are quite small
it's nice that you can stick pretty much any object ( regardless of shape ) securely in this rack without any difficulty .
these are much better than the vikings that came so highly recommended . they are thicker and sturdier . i much prefer them .
i ordered the 21 mm and they sent the 19 mm . all they had to do was match my order with the number on the product .
love it ! modern looking ! not too big that it clutters ! durable quality material . everyone notices it it's a conversation piece lol
it makes my dizzy when i look from the magnifier . not good as i expected . it's not easy to use it .
works great for my little one . he is quite the squirmer and it keeps him on the table while i'm changing his diaper .
this rack is perfect for drying up baby bottles , nipples , caps , , pacifier etc . it is compact and easy to clean .
makes keeping an eye on baby easy while driving & baby loves looking at herself in it too ! highly recommended .
these are so handy and are always in the diaper bag . i like that the spoons dont get dirty . great for travel too .
very thin and flimsy and like paper even when wet . i do not recommend for the baby .
good quality and cute product . it is sturdy and easy to use and resists destruction by little hands and mouths .
she loves it so much . i will be getting a couple more for sure . works great.she has her babie to hold onto as well.thank you so much
great deal for this pack . these sippy cups are the only ones my 7 month old doesn ; t get mad at while trying to drink .
very well made & great price . i went to stove shopand they were asking over $ 250 for exact same brandgate .
perfect little cushion for mom and dad knees . it's not cutesy but definitely sweet , which i like . keeps knees from hurting . recommended for baby bathers !
super cute and has held up well through many washes . i plan on buying additional towels in different animals . love skip hop for their design and quality !
the only complaint i have with this book is that there is no place to put the names of siblings . otherwise i really like how simple it is .
not much of an incline was hoping for more and the material could be a bit better would've been nice to have the option of a cover
these are our favorite burpcloths ! they are super absorbent and work much better than the store bought burpcloths . highly recommend and a must for new moms !
changing pad cover is great . we have 2 so we can wash one and have one on the changing pad .
seeing my son being entertained while he's playing on this is priceless , easy enough to put together and accessories where great to
me encantan la marca avent es super buena y aquí en venezuela es muy costosa compre juego de teteros para mi bebe y los adora
i bought these as extras in case i lose some as my son gets older .
great hamper ! it's very well made - nice and durable - and looks cute in the nursery . we would definitely recommend it !
i love the light weight of these . they fit into any diaper bag , don't spill very easily , and are the loveliest colors . - joy johnson http://www.amazon.com/-/e/b00935ytuk
we love this chair - - we use it on a chair at the kitchen table so it saves us floor space without compromising on the functionality .
easy to use and keeps the little one from getting his fingers crushed when he's playing with the door . would recommend -
use this projector soother all the time . my baby coos and looks at all the time . love the sounds too .
my son spends much time with this rattle , even at almost 6 months . one of the best teething toys we own !
my baby girl loves this teether . with a cute teether on one end and a rattle on the other it's one of her favorite toys . would recommend !
this nail clipper is smaller than most safety nail clippers which makes it easier to cut baby nails . good quality
much cuter on the counter than the standard drying racks for baby bottles . holds all babies little items and lets the air circulate around them while they dry .
this is a great plate . it helps those little ones who are still learning to eat without spilling . i recommend to others to get this .
i purchased as part of my theme for a baby shower , it was ok for the price would recommend for the price
this product is great for the price . its a perfect height for my little 3 yr old . so glad i purchased it .
the velboa is soooo soft and totally worth the upgrade from fleece . i love it . it's the perfect shower gift .
these are great for our big baby . the velcro is adjustable and they are easy to clean . i will be buying another pack .
this works just as advertised . it fit our pad great even though it was a different brand and its very soft for our baby .
catches all the food . washable . soft plastic . no complaints from my little 5 month old who is normally very fussy .
very nice and soft blankets . they are super soft and thick and i can't wait to use it on my newborn .
i am glad i purchased these . sometimes its a little difficult to open if i have them to tight but other than that they are great
4 month old loves this toy , very colorful and lots of fun . if your looking for a great toy this is it
love this very high quality case ... of course it is made by oxo love there stuff , just right for my purse !
exactly what i was looking for . i haven't had the problems of the brush falling apart and we have used for almost 7 months . works great !
these are durable , and hold up well in the dishwasher . my son loves straw cups , and he really loves that these have mm on them !
these wipes were gentle on my newborn , and the package contained enough of them that i didn't have to go out and buy new ones too soon .
this frame is perfect for a small shelf / area . very neutral so it fits every decor . i highly recommend it . :)
this is a great booster seat to take when you travel as a high chair . could also use as home as a high chair . great product !
i like these , but they leave an imprint in baby's cheeks . i prefer the round ones from another brand .
thus is great for the on the go mom . the coverage area helps prevents kids from touching the side of the public toilets .
this cover fits our britax convertible car seat . it survived two transatlantic flights in great shape and is quite sturdy .
they help to protect the straps on the infant car seat from my son's saliva and also cushion his neck . not the best quality but good enough .
this is a great product . thank you boon for creating such a great chair and thank u amazon for shipping it on time . love it .
gets very weird after a little bit of use . but the design and the thought behind is great . machine wash does nothing
i love these nipples theyre the most natural shape i've found and my baby had no problem switching between these and breast and back again .
i'm using this sheet with a britax bassinet pad . it fits well enough for something it is not designed to work with .
i love this mat it's very cute . the only problem is the bird toys hangs very low and the music only plays half the time .
very small toothbrush , baby is very interested in it , the material more reassuring , like this brand , in the hope that more products , so we choose
i don't know why britax claims that it will fit with any of its car seats . it did not fit at all . will be returning this item .
this is exactly what i was looking for as it doesn't take up too much space . the color is very cute , it stands out .
i don't know how parents function without these . blankets are impossible with little ones who thrash around and crawl around the crib at night .
reversible for gender , easy to apply and safe for the baby . i would recommend these to anyone ! great appearance and safe !
great for teething babies , my daughter loves it . the colors are great , and it washes very well . also love that it's made of organic cotton !
this won't work on most tables that have a skirt or that expand as the skirt and the slide rails for expansion get in the way .
never used it . still in the box . i thought there would be bottles inside . my fault for not reading descriptions .
lasted me for over a year before i switched over to a backpack for my son instead of a diaper bag . colors are cute and enough space for everything
i really wanted to love these pouches , but they are too hard to use and keep clean . we gave up .
not much more i can say about this pad.is nice , secure and comfy . good quality and is not slippery .
when i got it , it is so soft and the color are very nice , i love them , and esay to wash
this pads are easy to wash and easy to use . perform as expected . i like the amount of surface area they cover .
i am very pleased with this purchase . fits a toddler bed perfectly and the sheets are super cute and very soft !
this little toy bag is amazing ! it holds a ton and i mean a ton of toys and never falls off the wall .
soft , easy to handle . good for feeding ; not as good if baby wants to grab . baby likes the color i guess . highly recommended .
we love leak proof , it is the best and this thermos foogo leak-proof stainless steel food jar works as described .
easy to clean ( dishwasher safe ) and durable . i like the lip to help keep spills at bay . i would recommend it .
my grandson still uses this at 10 months to gum as he is teething . very soft , easy to find , very affordable for the length of time using
easy and great to use . bought this for my brand new grand-daughter and my daughter is pleased with the quality of the diaper
great for attaching toys to gym or stroller and my 4 month old likes to chew on them by themselves .
no dripping ! easy to clean . hold up well to drops from our daughter . i will defiantly get more of them .
affordable and easy to install . my son liked the switch to sitting more upright . no complaints about this seat ! dark color will hide stains , too .
i love this apron towel ! it is large , made of soft material , and it keeps me dry during bath time !
we have an owl theme in my daughter's nursery and this is the perfect addition . plus , it helps her learn numbers and colors . love it .
appearance is very cute , kids love it . go easy . and matching bag . i love this . easy to clean.take it to school
i love the line apple park of organic toys . lovely items look old fashion . solid , easy care , safe . nothing to add .
you can't put a price on your child's safety , but $ 60 plus for the car seat base it a little ridiculous .
easy to assemble and get baby in & out , tray is perfect size ! baby has room to grow in it .
it's hard to find these replacement tubes . they were just what i needed , a good price , and arrived quickly .
i thought that this item would have been thicker in quality . it can be used to clean your babies dribble
these are exactly the same as the parts that cons with the freestyle pump . they work great . it is very convenient to have another set .
these are really affordable , and they are nothing fancy , but they do the trick to protect the seats from dirty shoes .
these are more pricy but worth it . they are a better quality and safer for my baby than other plastic bottles .
great buy , my baby loves them . she plays with them all the time i add it to other toys too .
would have preferred a deeper soup spoon . i brought it because it's made with safe plastic .
i like it for the size and all the colors . bugs on the sides are somewhat entertaining with rattles and squeaks .
my baby really enjoys this and can stay in it for quite some time entertaining herself . my only complaint is that the butterflies seem pretty useless .
difficult to insert the inserts that accompany it , so i have resorted to using it as a cover , and ok so far .
very cute , but small for 18 months old , esp spoon is too flat to hold food.should be good for starters under one year .
big fan ! this set went over big in our house this year-i actually thought of purchasing another so we always have elmo dishes on hand !
cute baby bib . love that it is larger than most baby bibs , especially around the neck . functional and serves it's purpose .
i so in love with this clip ! so great ! ! ! i recommended to buy ! you love it . . very easy to use !
they're properly shaped , hold up well , and are soft . we love these . bonus that they come in a 3 pack !
very good product and would have no problems recommending it to other buyers , is practice when you need check all the time the baby only to take care
i'm using it , so it works just fine . no need to spend twice the amount of money just for the name .
i think the files are a waste , but the nail clipper is great + keeps nervous mommy hands steady.got this as part of a gift for expecting friends .
they gave my little man a soothie in the hospital when he was born , and now its all he will take .
i loved these so much i bought a few 12 piece sets . really high quality and easy to snap on-off lids .
a really nice product for the nervous and tired loving mothergood colors and well constructed for safety factors for the baby
easy for my 14 month daughter to use . minimal spillage if any . can be completely taken apart for cleaning & easy to reasemble .
this bottle brush works just fine . it's not amazing but it's gets the job done , and the price was good .
i think it is very well designed , especially the compartments are well distributed in the diaper bag i love that i can have all the baby things well organized
i love these cups . my 2 yr old loves them too and my 9 month old even loves them . great cups and easy for the kids
excellent product but the price is really high here . buy in burlington for 1.99 $ many color available . i just bought 3 of them
they are definitely absorbent but they don't stay in place so well for me and i'm on the large-chested side . still looking for the right pad .
it was such a pain changing my son's crib sheet until i got these ! now it takes less than a minute and there is no lifting involved !
easy to put them on and easy to remove ... works on two diff types of handles and knobs ... better than expected ... nice ! nice !
these really work and stick just fine . very cushy . no more worries about bumped heads on the corner of countertops !
these aren't so great ... i bought them based on reviews they don't stick to a cold window and the shape is awkward . they are cheap thankfully .
love it very much , will use it even when there will be no more baby bottles to clean :)
it's not big enough to cover the chest area and too stiff . my baby keep wanting to pull them off
great for stuffed animals , sippy cups ... they can throw them over the high chair or stroller ... but they don't fall on the ground .
works great and saves us the space that our high chair used to take up . much easier to clean than a high chair as well .
i have 2 cups and i love the idea of the straw and its a good brush but why are they soooo expensive ? !
this seatsaver has worked great for our yukon . the leather seats are very well protected . the beige color is great too .
great cups that are safe & chemical free . great for bath time too - no worries on finding hidden mold in these as bath toys .
she likes chewing on these toys ( doesn't use the net much yet but probably will ) - and the little guys also float which is cool . :)
great to prevent your babies from putting anything in plug holes . mine never tried but i was glad to have this peace of mind .
these i use for my diaper genie and garbage cans , its keeps things smelling fresh and clean and most importantly keeps the odor under control .
love how soft this fitted sheet is . easy to put on our " dream on me 3 " foam graco pack ' n play mattress " .
this is a nice fitted sheet for a crib mattress . the fabric is really cute and it washes really nicely too .
i am a foster parent and have three babies use this teether . it is a great product . the babies love it .
great bib ! catches everything and comes in cute colors . i was my bibs with babyganics soap and it comes right off . great product !
after searching for many different pacis we found these and boy are we never looking back . ps no scent is great !
great spacesaver . so easy to take off the straps and cover to clean . easy to use . just as expected . great !
it is so perfect for getting snit out and he doesn't cry like with the snit sucker . still have to use the snot sucker but not as much .
not really worth it ... kind of a waste of mone . y mine broke after 3 months of use in the summer of just regular groceries ...
the item is just as i thought it would be , i haven't tried it out yet because baby isn't here but it will get tried out soon !
this set is cute however they are very small . i think they are too small for my 2.5 year old and he is not a big boy .
i love it its so much fun he lol he absolutely love it it goes so fast my six yr old granddaugh loves it too
wish they were a touch bigger , but went up great and have stayed up for several months now .
the bath toys are colorful , quality , playful worthy bath time pals for the tots . they enjoy them , which makes the purchase choice a good one .
quality - 5/5 packaging - 5/5 manual - 5/5 work as described - 5/5 ease of installation - 3/5 ( definitely not for those who doesn't like diy )
accurately described and worked perfectly in my medela pump in style advanced . good price for what it is . i couldn't find what i needed in stores .
it's a great rinse cup for her bath , but the handle inside got moldy .
i found this insert to be too hot , floppy , and uncomfortable for me and my baby girl . tula makes an infant insert that is far superior .
i'm not sure why . buy my baby did not like this bottle . it's a beautiful bottle but the nipple is not very practical .
i saw it while visiting my 1yr old grandson . he seems to really like being in it , and since you can carry it most anywhere ... great
i use the brush to clean both wide neck and classic bottles , even the tip of the bottle nipples . good brush design .
this ball captures the babies attention and is easy to hold and let go of . it captures their attention and is a lot of fun
the hole on these nipples is not always punched in the middle , and some was way off . i recommend order dr . brown's nipples over these .
my son did not love or hate this compared to other teethers but there was nothing wrong with it - just average but decent for the price and cute
great purchase for graco p n p . the matress fits perfectly and my son loves sleeping in the p n p now . definitely happy with purchase .
this pump is easy to put together , take apart , and clean . i love that milk does not enter the tubing .
we have two of these and they are easy to use and the key to a good night's sleep for our baby . they're warm and wash well .
my baby is happy ... she is comfortable with her new nipples ... i recommend this product pretty much ... thank you for this product on line ...
was not watery nor sticky , i used it once she went to sleep so itll be dry by the morning when she wakes up . i love this .
keeps my son busy with his sore gums . i like that i don't have to worry about it always dropping .
bought this bed second choice , but my girl loves her bed . makes her feel like a big girl . takes her nap with no problem .
my son loves his sophie . he carries her everywhere , and is constantly chewing on her . i give one to all my new mommy friends now !
my baby loved this when she was a newborn . we have now switched to a differenrt brand of binkis but this is the cutest product ever !
best baby purchase ever . i have no idea what we would have done without this . also , the lightweight model was great for our texas summers .
perfect for our 1 1/2 year old ! not too fluffy , not too flat . pillow case is a little over priced , but cute !
love the born free bottles - my lo took to them right away . like the small amount of parts to clean .
love this product . i use it to store my wallet , keys , cell phone , plush one or two drinks ! very happy with this purchase
this lasted us about 2-3 months of use beforethe batteries died . cannot believe you can'tchange them . terrible design and wasteful .
i love the window valance . it is very well made and the colors are vibrant . i paired it up with brown curtains and it looks great .
its cute and durable , good product to have a couple on hand to wash & change . i recommend it to any one need a changing station .
bought this so we can see our baby in her car seat . you cannot go wrong with buying britax products !
i love this replacement set and my son plays with it every day , but the set came with two squares and no triangle .
good buy . trying to teach my 2 year old nephew to use the potty . he loves sesame street . elmo talks when he flushes ! super cute !
a nice , thick piece of flannel to protect the pack and play matress . does exactly as it says it will .
very good product and does not smell bad . very colorful and fit well with my nusery room . i would recomend this product .
works great , fits the diaper change area on my dresser , is comfortable , has straps that we use , and baby seems comfortable .
north states superyard 3 in 1 arched decor metalgood product , easy to install , gate is narrow and doesn't always close automatically .
i wish these were a little bit longer - but for the most part , they work great on our carrier ! ,
items were received well packed and wrapped in plastic . the bottles are well-made , easy to take apart and are cute !
smells great since its kinda pricey i save it for special events like birthdays or when family is around
i wasn't sure about this one , but i must say it is amazing for traveling . it makes his bath time fun !
poor rating because my baby sucked half air half milki liked it because i thought it was going to come in handyi would probably not recommend it
this diaper bag is pretty roomy and has held up great so far . and not for a bad price ! i would recommend these !
the pattern and color are great although it took me awhile to put it up . looks perfect in the nursery .
great product helped improve my wife's sleeping immediately.offers excellent support and comfort for the pregnant woman.an excellent purchase for any pregnant woman .
the nojo sheet saver is superb . it absorbs well and very soft to the touch . the item also arrived on time and exactly as it was shown .
love the bright orange color , is very soft and plush , washes well and fits the changing pad perfectly . no complaints - good buy !
for an exclusively pumping momma this is a must have . before pumping was a hassle but now i can actually function while pumping . great product .
very helpful when you have a double pump . it fitted very well and never leaked . i would recommend it to a friend .
i love all of the aden and anais products . they are always so soft and easy to clean . i would recommend this product .
super comfy and pretty too . love that it has a harder side and a softer side . better than the breast friend .
i don't believe in using plastic bags or bottles to store mommy's milk so i purchased these . they were excellent .
my little boby like it very much.my little boby like it very much my little boby like it very much
my son loves really this teether . the squeaker and different textures keeps him interested . good relief for those sore gums .
you can use this with or without a car seat - if there is heavy wind , it will fly up a little
i work from home and still answered e-mails or take phone calls while i pump . a pumping mom's best friend - buy it !
very helpful , especially when you are at home , alone with the baby and you want to keep the baby securely strapped an entertained while you do other chores
i bought this for the baby to grow with because the head rest for 0-4 months and the other things for when baby is older .
the only thing i've had escape from this basket are the little medicine syringe plungers . all other bits and pieces have stayed in with no issues .
is a great cover for the price . i have seen fancier ones but this one works just fine .
works as designed , does its job very well.way too expensive though . baby jogger really decided to fleece their customers on this product .
this is just the right size to hold all the baby bottle part and binkies ! totally worth the few bucks ! !
i used this carrier from the time my baby was 3 weeks and still use it now that she is seven months .
i love these pacifiers ! they are like the soothie only a little firmer and they don't block the baby's nose . good for a baby over 3 months .
easy to attach to clothing and pacifier . nice length , we use it when going out to keep the pacifier from falling on the ground .
great size and very durable . you can fit all kinds of things in there and it will fit in any dishwasher .
i have no problem recommending it to other buyers as it is a very good product , and helps to transport drinking water
love these compact , sturdy nice plates . also love that they are bpa free and dishwasher safe . highly recommend and i think i will buy more .
love it . works quickly and efficiently . brings the temperature right where it should be . breastfeed baby . also very stylish and love the cooler .
these dolls are perfect for newborns . bright and colorful , safe , easy to hold . i purchased these in 2 colors for my newborn twin grandchildren .
good quality for the price . the only thing i would changes it that the tray is not always easy to get on and off .
works really well for preparing fresh baby food . the squares are a good size for portions . works as advertised and saves money in the long run .
great material soft to touch and cute design i am sure my son will enjoy this once he is born ! ! !
this is the first of these suction toys we have bought that actually sticks well to the high chair tray .
these cotton doublers are not as absorbent as the hemp ones . they are lighter and colorful but not as useful for our needs
best plate cover ever ! very easy to use . you just slide it over with the plug end . noting to pull out or put back .
it gives you extra drying space for nipples , binkies etc . needless to say it looks really cute on my countertop
this crib toy does a lot and looks cute for a boy or girl . the only negative is that any lighted toy is a real battery eater !
perfect . fits great with the original gate and fits our needs . solid , sturdy and safe . the band is top notch !
i like having this--i think it's totally weird that the bob doesn't come with it--but i wish it was a little less flexible and had more structure .
great fit and a must have for my water bottle , phone and change . it's not even that expensive considering the price of the stroller
easy to install . durable . withstands plenty of pulling and tugging from our 1.5 year old . works as intended to keep toddler out of toilet .
super cute keepsake box ! ! both of my kids have this one & it's perfect for storing all sorts of memoirs ! i love it
no complaints , great car seat . it is very large , but it has a very high safety rating , and that's all that counts .
this is a really nice quality wall letter . i bought it to put on my wall and it looks great .
inexpensive way to help you clean your bottles and nipples in the dishwasher . good size basket , fits stuff for at least 5 of my born bottles .
its a great little booster ... compatible with most chairs and travels well and easy to clean . my daughter 2.5 took right to it .
i did not use these because they didn't fit my toilet seat . it was confusing on how to install it
this pillow is very comfortable and easy to use for breastfeeding in any chair or position . i will use this with my infant as he gets older too .
our baby kept pooping in it , and it's hard to clean out when that happens . also , when it gets waterlogged it's very heavy .
great soft brush for infants . this thing is soft enough that it won't hurt the baby's soft head , but hard enough to work properly with his hair .
since a new mom receives a lot of similar gifts , this is quite unique . it is very sturdy and looks so nice on the changing table .
we love these sleepsacks for our 2 - month old . the space print is super cute and would be good for a girl or boy .
go to the dreambaby website to make sure you purchase the correct sizes . these are sturdy and go perfect with the gates .
these spoons are made in the usa and have a nice small spoon covered in rubber for little ones learning to eat .
this works great ! i love that it allows the door to be cracked a bit . easy to put on and take off as an adult .
only ones my daughter wants . i have tried others but these are the ones that soothe her . for me i would highly recommend them.they worked for me !
perfect if your child likes variety and finger foods . i get compliments from other parents on this and use it to send food to preschool .
these are very handy to keep track of those nuks . without these we just lose a ton of nuks . absolute must for a baby parent .
love this safety item - has made my life so much easier . plus my granddaughter likes it too .
it is a cute size laundry basket . it is stable for the job and looks pretty . it is good value comparing to other laundry baskets .
i used this pillow every single night in my final trimester of pregnancy . i liked how i could use it in many different position .
way much better than munchkin brand . no hot spots at all . i should have bought this a long time ago .
i like these because i do not have a diaper sprayer , so it makes cleaning poo out of a cloth diaper a lot easier .
our 2 1/2 year old daughter cannot figure these out ! love them ! perfect for our medicine cabinet and household cleaning cabinet as well .
these gates are great ! they really look good in the house . i get tons of complements . they keep my 18 month old away from the stairs .
i use these with my medela pump and they work great . i have no seen any difference with these compared to the original mededla ones .
we have an evenflo exersaucer from 2005 is in great shape but was missing one toy . the fitting for this was perfect and fun to play with .
nice tub . i gifted it to my friend for baby shower she loved it , said that their baby enjoyed bathing in it .
this bag is great for the diaper bag ! holds 2-3 ( could easily push in a 4th ) cloth diaper with wipes !
just the perfect thing to help tiny cloggy noses . my lil one screams at the site of it but it works !
i use this thing every time we go out . it's very convenient and will fit any bottle . dunno what i would do without it !
look good and feel very soft but i have a feeling that my little boy is going to outgrow these very quickly.still a great product .
very nice pump . very effective . milk flows down quickly . does not hurt at all . also nice price . easy to clean .
this was given as a gift - product was just as described and just as pictured . it serves its intended purpose !
my little one really seemed to love this and feel safe too . worked great and fit perfectly in the hot pick bath tub i ordered with it !
they are super cute and soft my son liked them but he grew outta the swaddling part as for my other son he always wanted to be swaddled
there are cute small of set and tight lock . i love it and perfect to put salad dressing for lunch , no leak at all .
these are exactly the same as the ones that came with the pump originally . it is nice to have the spares .
this is a very cute bath toy . the rings have balls in them that move around and make noise . it's a very fun stacking toy .
lovely toy . really useful for the kids under year old . would recommend this company anytime . kids love it and is attractive toy as well
our baby loves this bouncer . over time he learnt how to rock himself . very soft and comfortable we used from 2 to 6 months .
my son loves this basketball hoop and ball set . it comes with three balls and we it makes bath time fun !
great idea and convenient for little ones , especially when they begin to throw toys on the floor . highly recommend for pacifiers and toys .
i love the feel of this banket . when we were looking for blankets and bedding for our baby we wanted neutral colors .
my 1 year old looked amazing with this paci ! everyone loved the way he looked and even stole the show at his baptism !
easy to fill , easy to use , and easy to clean . it fits nicely in my diaper bag . great for daycare too !
these are cute , nice price . i found them a little too thin . they are soft though and the baby doesn't seem to mind .
my family was displaced . i purchased this to fit into the baby play pen at the hotel . it fits great and my son is sleeping well .
my daughter loves this toy . we use it daily for her dinner time feeding . it is easy to wash and very durable since she often throws it !
this sheet is very soft and i think my son really liked it compared to the other cheap sheet we had before . i really like it .
like it but not as user friendly as it could be ( takes a bit to put on properly ) .
these work fine . i saw later they were slightly cheaper at target and you could chose the color that sent . shoot .
the quality isn't good ! i would not recommend this product . i've had them for a year and haven't used them
the only thing my little girl has ever done with this toy is throw it ... she is completely uninterested in this toy .
the speakers hiss constantly , so i can't even hear my child . why would you buy a monitor just to listen to hissing white noise all night ?
this bath cushion was exactly as expected . very simple , just a sponge to keep baby from sliding around in the tub .
cute and cheap , what more could you want . keeps her entertained during bath time . she is amazed that they squirt water out
this definitely does the job . not flimsy at all . the tips are smooth and curved nicely so it's very safe . better than q-tips in my opinion
really hard to clean food out of these - especially anything fibrous , which surprisingly is most things ( including banana ! ) .
i bought these for my son before he was born and 7 mths later they are still going strong . they are also very cute . a good buy
easy to wash , and super fluffy . our 2 month old loves it ! i would strongly recommend to anyone in search of a new changing pad cover .
little guy always seems to fall asleep as soon as he hits this mattress . have been using it for 6 months , and no complaints !
i love seventh generation products . i feel safe using these wipes for my baby . this was also a good price
good price for a harness and it is cute my baby girl likes it . it is soft and fair quality . i like it .
easy to install , and very easy to use . kids learn to use them very quickly , but no too quickly . works like a charm .
i didn't love this one . i never felt like it was getting the bottle totally clean and it doesn't come with its own holder .
this is a must have for all new parents . it is great because of the large size and the bottom basket is great !
these membranes work as advertised . they fit my medela products just fine and there are enough to share with a friend .
they have a nice , soft lavender cover that is washable and the cover has a snap to keep the shape round or a half-moon . very comfortable .
no problems with these . made for a good " backup " set of valves for multiple pumping setups between work , home , and travel .
no issues with leaking or breaks . compatible with zoli , they are the same cup essentially . great as a bottle transition .
" who needs a pacifier when you could chew on the strap ? ! " i'm pretty sure that's what the baby keeps thinking ...
i use these with my five week old and they work very well and they're cute ! i definitely recommend them .
i bought these because i wanted to make my son his own healthy popsicles . these are perfect for little hands and mouths .
secure your stroller outside in a store or even in a park , great securityh and you choose your own combination and has a retractible cord .
love this changing pad ! i use it when i'm changing my son's diaper on the couch . it's durable , waterproof , and easy to wash .
i like these a lot . they are just the right size of food on the spoon . very durable but soft for the baby too .
very colorful and full of texture and noises ! ! ! has a mirror and things to grab on.love this little pirate :)
there may be cuter protectors out there , but they cost more and this was a perfect fit for our brown mini crib .
these pads are awesome . they fit well i to the chicco keyfit magic seat and the recaro proride . they are easy to remove and wash well .
i bought this for my niece , she is just starting to teethe and be able to focus and grab toys so this cute frog is perfect !
these work well as a basic soft bib for starting solids or bottle feeding . they wash easily by throwing them into the washing machine .
the cloth is thin and not good quality . not worth the money . i was hoping something much better with this price
this brush wears out quickly and the nipple cleaner is totally useless . it is not a brush it is a long plastic stick .
keeps fingers from getting slammed in the door but it still allows you to close the door without fumbling to get the bumpers off .
this is a must for a bathroom with little space . easy clean up ! ! my son goes on it and he is 2 1/2 years old .
i like how soft and cuddly this monkey is . i hope my son will appreciate it when he's old enough to start playing with toys .
the quality is good , the color and size is perfect and matches the memory book well . i am looking forward to start using it in june !
i purchased this for a baby shower gift and they love it ! it is also packaged together for convenient use .
just a nice handy item to have . leave it hooked to the outside of our diaper bag for easy access . easy to clean too .
came quickly as expected , quality as expected also ! love this ... but one i was them it fluffed them up and softened them too !
it is the most perfect gift for my grand son , my daughter-in-law and my son . my grand son will enjoy it soon .
great quality , love the colors . have not been disappointed with this at all . you will not regret , better quality than walmart .
this pram is very easy to assemble , and easy to use , it is very light , by good for me to use .
exactly what is the product description and pictures.colors and softeness and material are very appropriated for my baby washcloth
love these ! ! ! they hold up great ! i am amazed more people don't cloth diaper their baby with these simple to use prefolds .
i bought the smalls and i don't think i will ever need another size . they fit in all of our diaper covers and under all of our inserts .
perfect for grip . handles spin around the cup , so the spout is easily in the right place . definitely no spill . holds very little .
easy to use . a little bit heavy but it's the weighted piece that makes it dispense nicely . feels sturdy . highly recommend .
i didn't expect so much but this was a good size and great quality . i love it . definitely glad i ought .
have a friend that professionaly installs carseats . this is the product that he reccomended we purchase for our newborn . i love the pattern too !
my little one will got and get her sleep sack and hand it to me when she's ready for bed . she loves it !
i love the 2 stage bassinet feature . love the changing table . the mobile could have been more interesting to look at though . no complaints yet !
i love this diaper caddy . it's very convenient and holds everything i need to change my baby's diaper.it ' s stylish and sturdy.so far so good .
this is an excellent car seat . i love the adjustability of it for different ages . graco makes a great quality car seat .
i love this idea . it is so nice to have for a toddler who is learning to , and wants to , drink like a big kid .
these are far better than the safety first ones , my toddler learned to open those so these will keep him safe !
when you open the drawers it feels cheaply made ! i felt like i would break it everytime i opened the drawer .
it is great for teething ! my little one is just starting out and doesn't use it much but she likes it .
my daughter is 4 months old and this is a great first doll ! small and soft , it's perfect for her age !
great for drying lots of bottle and breast pump items . easy to put together , easy to clean , and well made .
i haven't used yet but is nice and thick ... thick enough to hold the pee and soft enough to be comfortable for the baby
beautiful and easy to put together , it matches the other love bird decor and the owl happy tree we have on the wall
i also like the fact that is has a nice lining . it is also a good size . i bought the lion one ass well .
the infantino cover is cute but is ripped in one side of the handle . :( it does not look new .
i ordered these for the bassinet pad , which is 1 inch wider and longer and they still fit perfectly . the material is also very nice .
very sturdy high chair and great for smaller babies . not the easiest high chair to assemble , but great for the price .
cute rug but it does not have non skid backing as stated ! ! ! slides all over but looks so cute with the set
we haven't used the actual toothbrush and gum stick but the little finger brush is really soft and my lo doesn't mind it at all .
fits well , works just like it should.we should've bought this weeks ago , finally she can have her hands free to do other things while pumping.highly recommend .
did not like . it was really hard to get any liquid out , even if i took out the valve . waist of money .
either my son has too many bath toys or this thing doesn't hold much for the size of it =/
i love these , they work just like the regular green ones , but i like that my daughter has various colors to match her outfits :)
my 5 mth old loves the taste of this as well as the feel of the bristles . makes gum brushing easy . :)
this is much better than the brush that came with the bottle kit . it really gets in their and scubs .
it is a pretty shade of pink , it is soft , and it washes and dries well.very pleased with purchase .
these work perfect for my medela pump in style ! only thing is moisture gets inside very easily so i've been replacing frequently .
everyone who sees it love it too ! so do our kids . wish the branches where a little bit longer but overall it works for what i need .
i used a different mirror for my first baby , and this one is sooo much better . easy to install and adjust , and works great .
at shore keep you baby needs very andy , i made for closets also , be able to use on the creab
best invention ever ! ! ! so helpful for working mom's in the morning while you are trying to get ready ! the remote is very nice too ! !
not true to size - small . also just too bulky and uncomfortable . tried on once never used , would not purchase this
these filters seem to work wonderfully in the diaper pail ; there is never dirty diaper odor in my daughter's room .
just wish it was a little longer as my baby is a little on the larger size . great for travel !
i love avent products ! ! ! this satisfied my expectations . no leaks ! it reduces or prevents gas colic as well . happy baby indeed !
we use this one in our downstairs 1/5 bath , she has yet to master the potty but she likes it . easy to clean
it is great but is too short ! the yellow wedge is non-removable , and the baby outgrew it in less than 2 months ! boo !
i think when things are simple and your child loves the products , then it's a win-win for everyone . great little toys and perfect for bath time .
this is a good quality blanket . it's very cute and has held up over a dozen washes so far . i highly recommend it !
i think this is a great product . soft , but not too soft that she sinks in . i like the curve it has too .
not very flexible . its very rigid , my favorite brush is still the oxo bottle brush but i will use this for dishes .
pros : cheapcons : thin plastic that does not keep the smell containedbottom line : not worth the couple of bucks you save by buying these sub-par quality refills .
my son is 21 month old and he plays with this potty . he has only farted when seated so i can't review this for spills or cleaning .
also works with even flo travel containers . good to use to store breast milk in fridge and als for transporting
baby can easily hold and feed herself with these spoons - - they are great . a little pricey but i think worth it .
these keys were the first toy my son wanted to hold onto and play with . he still likes them at 3 months . glad i purchased .
does exactly what they should ... protect my kids neck from the 5 point harness straps . there was alot less complaining during out 14hr trip .
nothing but good things to say about these ! make sure you check the size though , when buying !
so easy to install too ! i did the corners first so it was easier . you have enough tape for every square inch .
my son is 6 months old he tries to grab these spoons and feed himself . the soft tip helps him not hurt himself .
these are great ! they are thick and organic and very absorbent ! like them best of all we tried . economical compared to disposible
lids are lids , nothing special about these . they fit the tommee tippee bottles as they are meant to . never had any issues with them .
so fabulous that this is organic cotton and not treated with any fire retardants . a mother can rest assured - finally :) .
the " brica baby in-sight mirror " in gray , is the perfect size & well made , but it doesn't always stay in place ...
very excited about these wet bags ! the size is perfect to fit a couple of prefolds with covers in my diaper bag without risking anything else getting dirty .
the thirsties stay-dry dup inserts are amazing , they are super absorbent , have not had a leak when using these , and i will definitely be buying more !
we are very satisfied with this car seat . we have 3 car seats by this brand name . all have worked well . no complaints .
my four month old loved this . the color is very eye catchin and the raddles keeps him busy n the mirror is kool
i am very happy with the purchase of this seat . i like that it is portable and has a special strap for carrying .
i use this as a liner for diaper inserts . if i didnt already have a lot of burp cloths , i would use these for that .
by far the best bibs we own ! so many great features , nice and big , easy to clean , pouch , soft and pliable !
this product fulfills it purpose . it is easy to apply and perfectly cushioned for table edges . the color also blends well with brown furniture of any kind .
these really work well and are a better quality then i expected given the cheap price . i highly recommend these to anyone with a mobile baby !
great mirror , i love the back of it too , my baby loves it , he never get tired of it .
the ' safety ' plastic around the clippers make it extremely difficult to get my daughter's tiny nails in the right place and creates blind spots .
loving these . easy to hold , clean and my baby likes the wide nipple . i would recommend to all new moms and dads
works as expected . i use this with my extra bottles for storing pumped breast milk so that it can easily be warmed and served to baby .
weird little worm with a cute little face , twists and turns , bright colors and rings , what more does a toy need ?
i received the item as pictured but i guess its for newer stoves because i couldnt get it to work on mine .
i use these for cloth wipes . they are thin and that works . because they were rolled for packaging , they're still a bit curled at the ends .
we bought this so our babies crib would be more comfey and it worked out great . worth buying to me and my wife . thanks !
i love the colors and design . this is my first time with motherhood and nursing - and i may have to update once i've actually used the cover .
but neither of my kids have taken to it , but every kid is different . i would still recommend it though .
bought this as a gift . great rattle bright colors and the baby seemed to really like it . i'd definitely buy this again .
clips easily and strongly . easy to put a pacifier on and take it off for cleaning etc . plus it's cute .
freddie comes every where with us . she loves to eat and smash him and watch him fly through the air like a real firefly .
i like that it crinkled and the head has musical sound when pushed at first baby did not know what to make of it but she likes it now
stumped my 2 yr old daughter . easy to slip the plate to match the outlets . the plates quickly spring into place when appliance is unplugged .
the refills are fine , but when i discovered trash bags work just as well , i abandoned the refills !
this item was as great as all the reviews said . i think i like it more than my daughter does .
my 4 - month old son loves holding and putting these keys in his mouth . they are also easy to clean .
i feel that this really should be cheaper for what you get . the larger sophie that squeaks is really a better deal
this cap leaks a lot . there is no reason to get it when you are still going to have water all over your car still .
just remember to use the insert . without that , they will leak . as long as you use them correctly , they are good .
baby smiles everytime she sees this ... thats all . standard lamaze toy with all the bells and whistles . barks when nose is pressed .
why am i reviewing a cup holder ? i don't know . it does it's job and also it's a great place to keep your cell phone .
and a wonderful price . hard to read the amounts on them after some use but they do exactly what they were intended to do .
bought a cheap car seat for our daycare provider and was surprised to see our toddler fit in this better than the expensive one we have in our car !
this is perfect for my son , he loves having is own chair and this is decent quality for the money . cleans up easy .
perfect ! very roomy and i love the shape and simplicity of it all . so happy with this product !
my 15 month old likes this fork set . handle texture makes them slip resistant . they are a good size . tips are pointy enough without being dangerous .
this is a great teething toy ! my baby loves it ! when baby bites on it it's funny to see baby's reaction when it vibrates !
my son loves this set . very cute ! only downside is the sheets are very lightweight , almost silky , so not good for winter .
love it ! it worked great during swim lessons . it hasn't leaked and is easy to wash and dry . i might buy another in a bigger size .
i debated on purchasing this ... still not sure if its worth the hype but i do feel like it works better than the battery powered ones .
the kid loves it . i've tripped over those hard plastic balls a dozen times . be sure to pick them up after play .
this pouch is not needed - you can barely see it on the side of the britax marathon car seat . i feel it was a waste of $ .
very nice wooden blocks that will be used by my daughter for years to come ! very nice gift idea as well .
is a great quality fabric . i wave washed it several times and it still looks just as new , the colors are the same .
keeps my baby warm without the chking hazard . i love it . fits him perfect just use the sze tag will buy more in future
i like the design and size of this hamper . it is very cute and perfect size for baby's room , but it is not the most sturdy hamper .
this potty chair is fine but overpriced considering what you can get that is more attractive . my 22 month old uses it easily .
fit our newer tub faucet fine . we purchased the white do our son wouldn't be provoked to rip it off .
perfect little add on ! love my strollers 10x more with this handy thing on them ! fits so much and multiple pockets are handy ! !
beautiful spoons with a nice color and quality i like to much and also my baby i recomemded for kids
i love these spoons better than gerber . they have a good scoop for feeding and are bright and colorful which catches babies attention .
my little one loves this rattle . perfect for a baby who likes noise and is starting to teeth . would recommend to anyone .
my child loves this tray , especially on long trips . i love it because it keeps her from spilling all over herself and the car .
this product is aesthetically pleasing in addition to being functionally perfect . easy to maneuver , easy to clean , soft and beautiful . perfect .
this is a great storage option for homemade baby food . heats well and freezes the perfect amount for larger infants who are about 9-12 mo .
the roommates brand is better . while this tree came out looking ok , its already peeling ... wish i had purchased a different brand .
i truly love this blanket ! it is very soft , thick and yet still breathable . we will be able to use it for a very long time !
this helps us to save room in the diaper bag and it helps keep the wipes moist , i'd buy it again .
if you're ansley & want everything to match - get this . it's cute & it helps keep my freezer organized :)
it is just perfect . this extension is great . it works . it just slides right into the gate . no assembly required .
these bibs are very thin . the hook part of the velcro is quite scratchy . but they do launder well and they are colorful .
we purchased them and when they got here they did not stick to our baby . look nice but not adhere .
i bought this to add an extra layer to the standard pack n play mattress . it fits fine and washes well . good value . no complaints .
my grandson loves to brush his teeth twice a day ! it's a great way to make a child brush their teeth as a joyful time !
we use this behind our daughter's crib where the monitor camera is plugged in . it does the job when it comes to preventing her from reaching the wire .
great toy ! attaches to everything i've tried to put it on , and my son loves all the toys on it !
love the halo sleepsacks - wears well even after washes . comfy and warm and soft ! my little one is always wearing one at night !
so much better then the regualar bumper pads , so much safer and still protects the baby from banging its head on the crib . i love it !
excellent purchase . my son only uses this bottle system . very soft and the opening is large enough . will buy again
made great with grip on the wheels , just the right size for it to be pushed and pulled ! loves the popping sound
bello y alregres colores vivos . de excelente calidad y durabilidad , a la vez que es elegante . lo lave y se mantuvo tal cual la primera vez .
the kids loved it , thanks.great shape and textures.ill keep buying through here and keep looking for more items
i love that it comes in its own holder . it works well to get formula and film off of bottles .. holds up well .
the neck roll part is odd , but i have used it . the support itself is awkward and shifts a lot , but works ok .
the edges are just serged , not bound with trim , so they curl up , leaving you with little surface area for cleaning the baby .
my son loves this rattle ! and i feel much better about him playing with this over all the plastic junk out there !
if you are thinking to buy soothers these ones are the best on the market i try it on my little ones and its perfect 100 % recommend it
this is the best product ! works great ! easy to attach ! easy to use ! hard for children to open ! highly recommend it !
these are terrible . they do not stick to the wall . i bought a different brand with no problem adhering . don't buy these !
matched perfectly . looks great . exactly what i was looking for . pre ordered and got quicker than expected . wish it had more dual tie ons .
these might have worked better if i had bought different screws . i just couldn't get these to work at all .
overall , it helps a lot with the leaning over on the tub . but the suction cups don't stick and it ends up sliding around .
these i think are a mix of bamboo and something else . however they are very absorbent and work great so i don't have any complaints !
fits 3 ice cube tray sized frozen puree servings to take in the lunch box for school . definitely recommend for snacks / meals .
it is really useful , not only for a wipe pouch but for many other uses , really like it . i would recommend it .
a little awkward to use and my daughter doesn't seem to enjoy it . i would recommend other options first ...
only complaint : attracts lint and hair , and dust like no other material , so looks dirly , and constantly has to be cleaned up .
my toddler loves these and they make a great transition to a regular sized fork . very well made as well !
my only wish is that it was a bit bigger in size other than that i love this blanket that's why its rated 4 stars and not 5 .
the pump is smooth and it will not let me feel pain and unconfortable , the bottle is alittle small for me now .
there are really only good for making cubes . the coverage area is too tiny to be played on by any child above 4 months .
just received these . love them . the quality is great and the fabric is nice ; plus they are cute . i would recommend these .
my 9 month old has zero use for this toy . she likes the winkle but not this . it's made well
i bought this for my son cause we'll travel to mexico and my flights have long connections so i think this mat will do the job .
great groom set . love the quality and ease of using it . handles are rubberized - overall happy with another great purchase ...
there is not much to say , it's handy . when you just go for walk it's very easy to carry as it can be hanged on stroller .
i bought this for my bob stroller . it fits perfect and holds more then you would think . i love it . much cheaper then bob attachments .
i got this for my grandson and he loves it . ut has been good for eye hand coordination . he loves it ..
these are great to have as we don't want her to get her fingers into anything real easy to insert
my grand daughter is a little too small for her car seat but the snuzzler hold her firmly in place and is soft and cozy for her as well .
sturdy and good looking hamper , initially we used it for toy storage but now it is back to being a hamper .
this item is useless . it does not keep fingers out and it also doesn't fit larger plugs . i do not recommend it to anyone .
not well made and is thin in places . i can't see this lasting very long as my laundry basket but it alright for now .
i ordered this for my baby as she likes to be swaddled . it is very soft and warm . you can also wrap under the arms .
i use one in the car seat , and one on the changing table .
it " s so cute.product quality is very good . my baby love it . it is very suitable for children to play.thank you .
i use these for a burbling cloth and a general purpose cloth around baby . they are absorbent and wash well .
i loved this sheet it was exactly as pictured and fit great on my crib mattress . i would definitely buy again !
these bags dont hide the scent any more than a kitchen trash bag would - but the convenience of the proprietary design is nice .
i really like these pacifier holders . no more dropping the pacifier every 2 minutes . we always know where it is and it stays clean .
so sweet and cute and small . it is an easy size to take along anywhere , attache to stroller , car seat or crib .
only had it for about a week but it does exactly what it supposed to . i'm loving it so far !
the plastic seems cheap , but it gets the job done . my toddler hasn't been able to get in the cabinets since !
ended up returning this because it was too flimsy for our needs . i would not recommend this item to a friend .
this is such a nice quality mobile with music . my grandbaby just loves to watch it . it even fits her bassinette . highly recommend .
i am not sure why people complain about thie mat . it works just fine with our bathtub and i had no issues with it .
very happy with this purchase . i like how the top unfolds to use as handles . plenty of space to hold babies laundry .
compact enough to throw in the stroller and big enough for a family picnic . waterproof , yet soft & comfortable . a must have . great gift .
these are great perfect for protecting you car from the car seats . i highly recommend them to protect your leather / seats .
worked fine to hold all the toys the kids bring in and out of the tub and easyto clean.wich is a plus .
love this mattress for my newborn ! it is very firm ! i even payed on it and tested the firmness of it . the price was great too !
great quality spoons ! i like them for when i feed baby , but i like the sassy spoons for when she tries to feed herself .
hard to find the different flows , especially medium in the stores ... these aren't any more expensive and they show up at my door .
what a wonderful product . wish these had been around when i had my boys . can't wait for it to be used !
hindsight i wish it had a cup holder for my daughter . otherwise fits great and she is comfortable and cool .
i love the diaper giene . i have had many smelly diapers that have been tucked away and swirled into diaper sausages :) it keeps the odor under control !
i love the design ( daddy is an avid fisherman ) and the boy loves the three different textures to chew on !
these are the only bottles i can get my son to take . he hates the silicone nipples , so these are great alternative .
the product was ok , but not what i was looking for , i would still recommend this site and would go on it again
i wish i would have known about this pillow before using the bopee . it aligns baby head for good latch every time !
my one year old son enjoys playing with the octopus at bathtime . we use this octopus to help stir up bubbles too .
there's better warmers out there but this ones ok . tomme tippee is a better warmer . and u don't have to deal w / plugging it in .
great product and super cute . won't stay stuck to the wall tho after only a year . child still loves playing with it tho !
i really liked but the problem is that you will fall often and i have something to hold it , i highly recommend it .
super soft ! i like it and my kids too ! and it is really not expensive . easy to wash and to use .
pros : natural , stays in well , easy to keep clean , no nipple confusioncons : expensive , bounce a long way when dropped
i got these to try and improve my baby's car seat experience , they're soft but bulky for an infant .
it served the purpose my wife was looking for . it made of light material so it's not heavy and covers enough while blends well with clothes colors .
this was a no brainer . fits my bassinet pad perfectly and just like all carters products , washes well . love carters
this lock does a great job keeping my 12 month old out of my cabinet . my husband installed it in 10 min or so .
cute natural toy . i love that it is washable and made of natural materials . it has a nice little rattle to it .
it is so soft and fits perfect on the changing pad . it is perfectly washable too for those unexpected messes .
it keeps my lo out of the toilet . he has figure out how to pull it off but never has the time before we figure out his plan .
great size and shape and very easy to use and wash . the arms free design is great to as it allows plenty of movement
please make a long one too ! it's so comfortable to kneel on . i can forsee myself using this to do girlie pushups too !
my 10 month old loves this set . she basically just chews on it , but that's ok with me ! it's well made and a good price .
cheapy , but they don't wash too badly and they are soft on the baby's face . i'd buy them again for a newborn .
it works , it's adjustable , holds the pumps in place , washes easily . not sure what else you could expect from this ...
the quality is good , the figures are cute but it is too heavy for my two years old baby , it is good for a older kid .
this product is very easy to clean and to storage in the freezer . perfect size for baby food . very handy to defrost .
it's got a lot of fun textures and it's a clean , safer spot to let your child play with toys .
very nice for moms with little ones . provide a splash of color while safely entertaining infant while feeding or while waiting for dr . appts or anything else .
i love this toy and my son does as well . it keeps him entertained and amused . very happy i bought this toy for him .
i wish i did not have to buy these . it is what i needed but now i have too many . i see how arm's reach is profiting ...
i bought this and the fitted crib one . i'm using this one on top of the pack-n-play mattress . it fits well and stops leaks . perfect .
spoon packaging is very tight , and is currently not useful , i hope the baby likes , and said the same as described soft .
this is a great cover and much higher quality than the cheap one i picked up at babies r us !
we use these for under my daughters crib sheet and they work great ! they keep anything from leaking through on nights she leaks .
it fits the toilet seat very well . it doesn't slide from side to side . easy to use , it's light . made in usa .
the smoothie pacifier was priced right and very similar to the ones given at the hospital which baby really loves .
this simple and inexpensive toy is still going strong after a lot of play logged in . it doesn't seem to get old . get this .
this is not like the fitted ' waterproof ' sheets i had for my kids ... well made and fabric covered - soft and comfy
thes are easy to refill and my son loves them . the only down side is the lids are hard to keep track off and hard to replace .
and really helps while you are kneeling to bath your little one . color is also nice and bright for the bath .
these things are great and a must have for any mom who cloth diapers with prefolds . they work just like they say they would .
i really love the stylish chevron print on this pacifier clip . it attaches easily to the soothie pacifier and has never become unclipped from clothes or babycarriers .
these sheets are a great addition to our little mans room . we love them and have had no problems with them so far .
love it . all burp / bib pads should be this size and made out of this fabric . and baby loves it too-soft .
this changing pad cover is so soft , i'm sure my baby will love snuggling into it . can't wait for him to use it .
after my baby started teething hard , the spout was damaged and it spills the drink everywhere . it makes a hig mess .
i bought this product to proctect our christmas from our 19 month son . i love it and it works really well !
this is good for the convenience . however once your baby is up to 8oz it is really hard to get the formula in without making a mess .
pros : 1 . superb quality and design 2 . surprisingly quiet operation for 2 pumps 3 . packed with lots of free accessories.con : quiet expensive
at first i thought these spoons are so small , but the design is excellent and they fit much more than it looks . became my fast favorite !
wonderful way to avoid plastics - works great and has multiple different nipples / sippy tops to choose from . also has a nice cover .
these are a great shape and are very handy . they have worked very well when introducing my son to purees .
works just how it says it will . we used it with the city micro stroller and the britax b safe .
heavy duty brush and comb . nice handle to hold onto . not cheap at all ! you won't be disappointed , i wasn't !
very soft swaddler made of 100 % organic cotton .. can't wait to try it when my baby is here :)
only thing that worked to clean the straw portion of the cup . i tried dr browns brushes , but they were to big .
this sheet is soft , durable , and fits the graco pack n play perfectly . i highly recommend it and will definitely order more when needed .
easy to apply and does the trick for covering corners safely . i would buy more if needed and definitely recommend .
these forks are great for toddlers . easy to grip handle . not too sharp , but sharp enough to spear the food .
we cloth diaper two kids and this holds not only our sons small diapers but our daughters ginormous ones as well
wish i would have known about these sooner ! they're great . and come , on , pump manufacturer's , who is really a medium ? ! ? !
my kids love them and we do too . easy to clean . my friends who have these love them too . highly recommended .
worked great . did not have any issues with it . it fit perfectly in the crib we ordered and was just right .
i would recommend clothes that are a little thicker . these are pretty rough and thin . but , they work and don't fall apart .
this is a perfect toddler cup . it keeps drinks cold and doesn't spill all over my 15 month old son .
good , good product . maybe it can help my baby to study how to eat i think.my baby like it too
this blanket is so cute and so soft .. the size is great and it washes very well . i would definitely buy it again .
this is a great product . awesome for little hands . it is crinkly and has fun edges to chew on . good stuff .
good insert . the microfiber half dries almost immediately but the hemp half takes forever to dry . there are more economical options out there .
this is a great idea ! i bought two . any ice pack works but this one fits around the bottles , lasting longer .
this is a great idea ! i got them for both of my 2 year old's car seats and she doesn't even notice they are there .
this is a great cushion . we have put it on all of our furniture . it has saved our little one every time .
i liked it . i didn't get to use that much with my lo so hopefully with the next one , it'll be put in more use . recommend .
love this dispenser ! use it on the go all the time . i received a neutral color , but would have been happy with any color received .
i'm so happy i found this . the head rest fits perfectly in my graco car seat and helps to support my little guy's head .
is nice and safe set ... i do like it .. i will see if the 18 month old girl will like it too
i love the ideal of this potty . my only disappointment is the size . potty part is small for 2 year old .
my wife and i , love it and god nows we need itfor my new baby born im so happy . thank you so much donna
the stand is a really nice thing to have . it keeps the brush clean and out of the way . the brush does what it should .
great buy , we just lay it over his car seat when we are driving and it more than doubles the shade from the carsear hood .
i ordered this rattle for my granddgt who is 6 mo ; she loved it . it is soft , cute & the taggies are an added bonus .
this product really did the job when cleaning my granddaughters bottles . it was vibrant and really cleaned off the formula grit !
we were looking for old fashioned alphabet blocks with letters and numbers on them . these are perfect . exactly what we had hoped for .
it's a very cute backpack for kids . skip hop does the cutest backpacks ever ! a good purchase for babies , toddlers , kids .
this edge guard is very easy to put on and sticks very well . its very soft as well . would recommend .
this is great ... makes losing his pacifier a lot harder to do . and gives him something to play with when he's a little older .
i make almost all of my granddaughters baby food . these are very easy to use and stack well in the refrigerator or freezer .
our baby loves this bottle , and it makes it easy to switch from bottle to breast . i just wish they came with collars and caps .
this product is sooo soft and gentle on my babys face ... and it soaks up spilled milk so fast . i m buying it for all my pregnant friends
adorable diaper bag . i get compliments constantly every time im out . large inside to hold everything me and baby need .
does what it's supposed to do . i don't love it but that is a personal taste issue . i don't know if it is worth the price $ $
this bag worked great the first couple uses but then it started wicking moisture . it also does not hold the smell in very good !
great toy for the bath time . i use one to rinse my 17 month old grandson's hair and he gets to play with the other two .
a must have if you own the bob ! we use this for sun and bug protection !
my daughter chewed on it a lot when she could fine it . lol teaches good motor skills for picking up and holding things at a young age
these are not any good , the lid isn't secure enough . after spilling plenty of medicine we ordered the munchkin brand
i love it , my 8 moths baby look at herself every time we travel , and i could see her as well !
love the quality and thickness of this towel . much better than those cheap ones at the baby stores.looking forward to giving baby her first bath !
we have had this leak a little , but enough to get the kids wet while drinking ( it drips ) . it is a very fun design though !
i bought these over a year ago and they are still going strong even though i put them in the dishwasher weekly .
we got these to link up two cheapo umbrella strollers while on vacation . they were great and would highly recommend to anyone .
it is a perfect fit for my graco lauren crib . i like the thickness , it is firm , and waterproof . good deal for $ 60 !
whether your baby is 3 months old to 12 months old the nipples were perfect not to fast of a flow and not to slow !
the bamboo fabric is incredibly soft . it's easy to wipe baby's drool or spit up and very absorbent . another great product from a super brand !
cute , adorable and functional . i was them in the dishwasher and they have held up fine . i would buy again for sure .
best sleep sacks ever . just need them to make them bigger than this ! or maybe we just swaddle our babies too long !
good quality and nice design . my boy loves the little whale . the size its ok and the price was also good .
it doesn't float and it doesn't stay submerged . really wet and heavy too so it's kind of a pain to use .
this makes diaper changing time easy . just push down on the lid and it opens . also seals really well and never had wipes dry out .
my baby loved it and it got her interacting more than most kids her agw
this works great and the straps adjust with 3 different ways to snap / secure toy . overall great product , good price . definitely recommend .
you're wasting your precious time if you are still boiling pits if water to sterilize your bottle and pump items ; these bags are the way to go ! !
love this bottle . only difficulty is only having 1 due to having so many parts to wash between uses . saves time when we are out and about .
they are really good , i bought two because i have twins , but they play with this cup , and the liquid leaks .
love these tumblers . perfect size , great colors , easy clean . so much better than buying other plastics ! would definitely buy again
after trying a few bottles , i went to avent and never went back . the nipples are great . i used them with both my sons .
i like this product , fast shipping , good price , hight quality , i love this product , my baby doctor recomand me this , my baby like this
medela is always great ! price is little bit high but it is worth it ! i would recommend it to everybody !
excellent cup . lid is very hard to loose because the handle and spout are connected . does not leak even when a two year old tosses it ! :)
i love these .. i use them for burp rags not diapers .. and there r my favorite ones to use must have
super-soft and made with low-impact dyes , i feel i can trust this company to make safe products for my baby .
this was the first toy my little girl could begin to play with as she was learning to grasp . she loves it . well worth the money !
our son loves chewing on this necklace . i think these should be givin to every mother at the hospital :)
my son just peels this thi g off and i even tried to stick it on with a heavier duty adhesive . no dice .
i use this in his car seat , to steady his head . it helps to prevent against him getting a flat head while sitting in his seat .
these bibs are not small enough for newborns but they are nice , bright and soft . can't wait to use them on him when he gets bigger .
great step stool for my two year old to use to wash his hand all by himself . the non slip service works great !
purchased for nursing with a rocking chair . non slip pads on feet keep it in place on my hardwood floor and height is just right .
this mattress pad does the job . my son had a couple of diaper leeks , which soaked the sheet and the pad , but the mattress was protected .
its a must have . perfect for my younger granddaughter's carseat . she even uses it and tries to be like her big sister .
it's cute and easy to wash . just put in washer and then dry on low heat . my baby loves this toy !
love this ... keep it on my stroller to lock it up in the city and leave it outside my building and feel safe ! great idea !
my 1 - year old seemed to like it , but there really isn't much to do with it . she likes to carry it around .
a wonderful gift for my 15 month old . he loved it . its sturdy and stable . wonderful colors and well made .
great product from avent . i now use my old small avent bottles as containers of small stuff like hairclips etc .
i was so nervous to bath a newborn but this has been a dream . after one bath my 3 week old loves bath time ! !
just as cute as pictured ! bought this as a gift and it was adored ! the skip hop brand never fails to impress !
makes noise , spins around , and lights up , everything a little infant would seem to enjoy , i'll keep you posted on any issues that may arise .
super cute book . great gift to give for baby around the 5 to 6 month mark . love that it crinkles and has taggies on it .
i am using the same pump with the third child and all i've had to replace are the membranes . good product .
our guy seems comfortable on this mattress and it fit the graco travel pack n ' play perfectly . highly recommend as a high quality , safe playard mattress .
the brush is very good quality and very soft . i use it almost daily and i'm very happy with the purchase .
got this for pack n playmattress , fits nice , very soft , does pill a bit after use but over all nice cover
super soft , fits great . matches car seat perfect . good little things so my baby girls neck isn't scratched ! quality bad cute .
i really love dr . browns bottles and nipples . its the only bottle i give to my infant and she really seems to take to it .
i really love my nursing cover . it's generous , so i know i'm definitely covered and my son is comfortable underneath .
this has made things a lot easier , i pack this along with a snap on top for the pacifier and we are good to go all day .
the size was not what i expected . the quality of the brand is uncontestable and i have many other products .
use these all of the time on our changing table , it's great for my son's unexpected diapers " surprises " . they also wash nicely .
very cheap and durable . fun to look at . built in teether . my 2 year old likes it too .
recommend it . would have give a 5 if it had a battery level indicator . very useful and helps me sleep peacefully at night
works great with our bob and chicco car seat.easy to slide into place and remove - even one handed .
it's soft but barely fits our pack n play , it covers but doesn't look like it's made for it necessarily .
my baby is now 5 months old but i still use these blankets . the quality is great , and the designsare adorable .
i bought this for my infant for christmas . i use it for those dark car rides and it works great !
these are so cute , but my baby's arms were too big by the time i got these . love the idea , will definitely save for second child .
relieves the back pain of nursing and gives perfect support ! it relieved so much stress for me and my baby ! wonderful product ! !
they are cery nice bottles . good quality . good price too . looks small , but hold up to 120ml . suits working mum . highly recommoned .
this toy is perfect for the diaper bag . i love how it suctions to the table . its very fun for my daughter .
love these easy to use clips . they have not damaged any of our childs clothing and keep the pacifier from falling on the floor .
we liked this sleep sac very much . we bought it a second time once our daughter grew out of the large .
the dresser came quickly and was packaged properly . it looks beautiful in our nursery and has plenty of space in the drawers !
works great with the earth's best pouches and the infantino fillable pouches . great for throwing in the diaper bag for feeding on the go .
this blanket is for my great granddaughter and it's very soft on her skin . no parts that stick her little body . it's beautifully designed
this is great ... i wish i bought this sooner . i love the fact i found the extra sheet to go with this !
fantastic blanket for the price ! my daughter adores yo gabba gabba and she uses this blanket for snuggling by the fire and nap time .
this was a great buy for the price . our baby loved this until he outgrew it and started crawling and walking .
this is great and it clips on the carset or bouncing chair . my daughter loves it !
my son can get them to un suction from the tray of his hi chair , so waste of money for us to buy these
if you are looking for the ultimate umbrella stroller this is it . my kid loves it , it is strong and durable and will be used for years .
this suction power is the same as with the plug which was my concern before buying . this works well for the car .
this is junk . it never reads a temp above 97.0 when my kids clearly have a temp . i will be purchasing something else .
cute ! easy to tell which pacifier is his and to find it in the dark , unlike the clear ones - which he also loves .
perfect for on the go feeding or for daycare . soft spoon so baby won't hurt its gums , i liked the pink one for baby girl .
it's just like any piece of cloth . not worth the money . my baby won't even play with as toy . waste of money
works great with our faucet and my toddler loves being able to wash her own hands and brush her teeth . a must for any household with a toddler .
guys , just buy this . it will make your wife happy , make your child happy thus make your life easier and make you happy .
works like a charm , easy to clean ! would suggest to friends . great way to start to introduce fruits and good for teething too .
useful , practice beautiful . i love owl model ... the size it's really good to travel and they look fashion with the rest of colection ( plate )
easy to put on , great built in hood and zipper pocket , comfortable , butterfingers and spaz proof . love this carrier ! awesome !
this was cheap enough but it is extremely difficult to close and it takes at least two ppl to do so
this things everybody has to have one ! ! clean , good looking , convenient , and simple ! is one of the most have-to-be for your baby .
fits well , a definite must for multi tasking ... comfortable to wear ... light pink color was nice ... no more words
a great bracelet ! great idea ! my daughter loves these , and i love how i get a bracelet out of it :)
i like the double closure and the bags haven't leaked yet . they are easy to write on and have the needed information for my storage . thumbs up !
very good toy . first time my baby was in it , immediately started playing with it and loved to playing with the monkey .
these are good to use with a prefold or any natural fiber to keep baby feeling dry during naps or at night time .
this is super cute and fits all my daughters stuff in it for school . made of reallysturdy material too !
i got this for my granddaughter , and my son says that she loves it ! it is colorful , sturdy , and safe .
way too big , it's ridiculous . hard to sleep with . i would have returned it if it wasn't such a hassle to return the giant thing .
bad quality control . the bolts didn't have threads so i couldn't assemble the arms to the chair ! there was also no cushion included
the pattern on these is very nice but the material on the back keeps falling with every wash and leaves threads behind .
this mattress make the portable crib more comfortable for our grandson when we take vacations and babysit . this is the third one i have purchase .
good product , holds car seat in place and protects my leather seats . i bought one for each car . i would recommend it
this is easy to hang up , and my daughter loves it ! i would recommend this to anyone . good good good
this saves our cherry-wood crib from our little biter who starts every morning with biting all sides of the crib .
the sheets were just what i wanted . i would order again . wash easily.perfect for babies soft skin . best i have used so far .
ok , what can i say . bought these for my niece and these are the nipples she decided to use . it is a personal choice .
this product is difficult to install properly . i thought i was ordering the screw less system . i have given up and ordered a new set
i love the bumper around the edge . i love the hooks to hang toys . the baby is happy ! this is a good investment .
the changing pad is thick . the plastic surface liner is durable and seems to be able to withstand minor scratches .
my 18 month old loves these foam letters and numbers . his other bath toys don't even interest him anymore . these are great , highly recommend !
i wanted to love this but it doesn't stick to any surface so it is a total waste of money .
product is useful and very easy to clean and heat eat . it's a perfect size for a child . its easy to pick up in one hand for parents
this is very colorful and cute . i now have dishes that my sons can use and ones for when my nieces come to visit .
this blanket is super soft even after it was washed . my son loves it and it keeps him warm without overheating him .
ok for the price for the quality , not in use yet . will update again if i find any flaws with it .
i ordered these as a baby shower gift and the mama is happy with them so far and glad that they are bpa free .
exactly what the picture and description say . i cant wait for my baby to try it out ! you can never have enough teething toys !
this item is completely adorable . all of the boon products are sensible , reasonable priced , cute and useful for every day life .
they was much thicker and prettier than i expected . i love how soft they is and the colors are beautiful
got this for my 8 - month old teething baby . she loves chewing on it and waving it around . i would recommend this .
cost more then the hard plastic but they work much better and make pumping so much more comfortable . i definitely recommend especially if you have small nipples .
this are great . good colors and easy to manipulate for baby . i'm very happy with this purchase . would definitely recommend
this was my daughters favorite when she was an infant . she could pull on the rings and she loved the vibrating bug when she let go !
i love this . it's small for my counter , takes up little space but holds so much ! i love that it spins and it's very smooth .
it can be use for until 9 months . i like it bec it is really big lots of room to grow for little babies ! thanks
i love these swaddle blankets . great size and super soft and light . wish we bought it when my little one was a newborn .
my son loves this - so cute and easy to use . love the matching fork and spoon set we also got .
pretty good.we use this product daily and it helps a lot in warming the milk . really helpful . thank you !
this was easy for baby to hold and worked well . i like that it's bpa free , that was important to me .
this protects the leather in my toyota highlander & does not slide not mess up my seat . i'm very pleased with it .
fits with the annabelle mini crib . sucks trying to find portacrib sheets in any color but pink blue and cream .
i really like this item its perfect for on the go and the toys r fun easy to clean lots of uses
my son and his wife liked the other monitor better ... more resolution and able to positon to watch the little one .
great but i wish the cords were a little bit longer . it's not quite long enough for what i needed it for .
looks good and clean , good quality , but we have not use yet , mabe when travel , it's good , i like it .
i highly recommend this sheet . it is so easy to change . this is very important in the middle of the night .
my baby really liked the squeaky feel this had when she chewed it . great teething toy .
this is a great bottle for little ones , the only downside is that is does not have measurements on it
these are excellent as baby wipes . i use these with warm water for diaper changes rather than using synthetic fibers and harmful chemical on my baby .
it was not comfortable at all.the surface was itchy and the softness was also not satisfactory . i am not using these days .
this has been great for potty-training our son . he has never slipped on it and it doesn't move across the floor easy . would recommend this stool .
this bib is wonderful ! we use it anytime we have spaghetti , ravioli , anything that will stain and is very saucy .
the snaps work well , fits great . started using at 9 lbs . hold in moisture like a charm and no plastic feel .
i got these for my grandson . he loves mickey mouse and just loves this set ! ! the ears are perfect for ketchup or syrup for dipping !
strong suction , holds hot water to help warm refrigerated foods quickly and has good size compartments for food . suction is removable as well if you don't require it
love this brush ! bristles are great . fits well for my baby's bottles . previously had a sponge tip bottle brush but it wore out quickly .
real cute but does not fit on the high chair tray so will pull out again after we start eating off the dining room table !
a tad small , but i use it to hold all of my child's art supplies . works well for that usage .
these burp cloths are super soft - great for baby's face to lay and rub on , but i think they're kind of small and thin .
i bought this as a gift for my new grandson . the towel is very cute and is perfect for his needs .
beautifully crafted , with rounded edges which are safe for my baby's mouth while allowing him to have fun training his grip !
buy it ! much better than the nets . easy to clean and easy to hold for the baby ! the small one is perfect for babies .
i love this brand of cloth . i find they absorb more than bleached cloth . i would recomend these to anyone doing cloth .
it's what i needed . other reviewers commented on the unmarked clear plastic bag it is sent in but appears new .
these are recycled milk jugs . pretty neat . i like that these are deeper so my daughter can spoon her foods better . love the colors too !
this cup is much cuter than it looks on the picture . small and easy to handle for babies and of very good make and quality .
these are perfect " bowls " for my twins . easy to use , the non-skid works well , and they go right in the dishwasher / microwave .
very comfortable and supports your back better than most carriers out there . i have a tall baby and she fits great !
i didn't look at the dimensions of the toy , so when it arrived i was surprised at the size . large washcloth is a good comparison .
this paci holder is cute , but a little big . i only used it once because it just seemed so bulky .
looked good in the pic , hence bought it . very poor quality . did not even withstand 1 wash / dry - got very pilly and unusable .
i love having these in my bag for diapers or clothes . they are great a easy to use , many more uses too .
my daughter has fun with these in the tub . pretty simple squirties . they are good size and dont take up much room in the toy bucket .
suction is good and lo likes it although not as much as the other reviewer's say . so i give 4 stars :)
these bottles are easy to use and clean , durable , and come with a perfect wide-base nipple . i love the colors , too .
i love this nipples my baby ove them from the first try he always like this nipples and they are 2 month of use and they looks like new .
i love my thirsties diapers cover ! it's super cute and works wonderfully with my prefolds ! i plan on ordering more .
great cover for large plugs - use for my daughters monitor so that she can't pull it out of of the wall and turn off her monitor .
i wish my baby was still in his crib because i loved the way this looked . great design and feel .
this is a great gender neutral toy . the babies love it and has a lot of different areas to hold on to and easy to clean .
every mom should have one of these on their stroller . it is the perfect accessory for a day of shopping , highly recommend .
you have to watch where you mount this , it is big and tends to get in the way going through doorways .
chicco is really proud of their products but it is hard to but a price on your child's safety . just like the one that came with your keyfit .
it looks like a gift if you want to make it as a gift . but if you buy for yourself , it's not practical .
my wife loves carrying our son around in the ergo carrier and this is needed until our son gets bigger . he enjoys it .
i like the sheet . it's soft and not too thin . my only complaint is that after it's washed and dried , it's very tight on the mattress .
super cute , my baby loves these . i put them in his kiddy pool as well . fun , cute toys . good buy
my baby gets bored without a toy on the bouncer . this toy was great . it is expensive but it has been made well so good quality .
wish it was pink but this brush is perfect for our little girls hair . it's super soft and easy to hold and use while holding the baby .
what a great idea ! now my lo won't stand a chance losing his soothie . easy to clean and very soft material . perfect size !
my son loves to play with these blocks . i love that they are washable . very cute and have held up well after multiple washings .
my daugthter loves this sippy . she calls it her coffee cup . seems to work very well .
it serves its purpose and fit's the crib mattress perfectly . just as expected . doesn't add cushion to the mattress so baby is safe .
this is a good set of plastic toddler bowls . nothing fancy but quite functional and just the right size for yogurt , apple sauce , or oatmeal .
this little car is adorable ! it doesn't work so well on our carpet , but it really zooms along on hard flooring .
order these for my newborn when the 2 hole nipple flowed too fast . product is just has expected - high quality . both my kids liked these nipples .
love this bath tub . its durable and has that little thingy on the bottom to help keep the baby from sliding all over the place . great product
it was the best purchase of the year , the kid gets to eat and the food does not come out to the floor
these work fine for freezing . the double zip is really solid , and i haven't had any leak yet ( i've probably thawed about 20 ) .
well designed and sturdy . i made a comparison video with these in it so if you want more details check it out here : [ ... ]
this tub is very sturdy . it is contoured well and makes bathtime easy . the infant sling is a very necessary attachment .
i love born free bottles , and these have been just as good as the ones i have had previously ! as a bonus , they're cute !
i've always loved these bowls and they're handy even when you don't use them for infant feeding anymore so they last a super long time .
not a functional toy for a little kid i didn't like it at all i wish i didn't buy it
my daughter gets a lot of compliments when she wears these . she loves wearing them . we will be buying more .
easy to put on and clips tight to kid's clothing , car seat or anything else . can take off to wash the pacifier .
i have been verybpleased with these pacifiers . they are the only brand she has used from birth . she breast fed , and there was no confusion .
they seem to stain with orange foods but its a minor inconvenience . they work well and are easy for my son to use .
this mobile does not spin - it just rocks back and forth . on the other hand , it's cheap so there's that .
keeps my stroller from rolling around the back of my car . i like that it can hold chairs and things for when we are past the stroller phase .
this kit is really helpful but the tray arrives broken . the medela package is not shock proof . other than that , it really makes your storage easy .
with having to shake formula in the bottle on the go these do the trick beautifully . no milk seeps out the sides when shaking .
slow flow are a must for any baby with any slight feeding difficulties . fits well on medela bottles so you can pump straight into the bottles
i stick this on my son's highchair and he loves it . didn't have any issues with it sticking - just wet it .
my daughter was very attached to these cups but after getting teeth she would chew through the spouts . i had to get replacement spouts several different times .
so soft and comfy for my newborn . fits the graco pack n play nicely .
my smallish 5 - year old can now eat at the table without sitting on her knees . she has never had a problem with the booster becoming unstable .
these are a great quality toddler bib and we have a lot - everyone should have them in both long and short sleeve !
she loves pushing buttons and its a nice musical toy baby einstein is a very educational toy i would recommend ...
fits perfectly into the medela breastshield connector . we bought this as a second set , so we don't have to constantly wash the parts after every single pumping .
we purchased a used contours stroller . we have a chicco keyfit 30 infant carrier . this works well with our chicco .
not much to say about this other than it works . keeps hands free while pumping for whatever else you may be doing .
i was a great buy . fits perfectly the dream on me 3 " spring coil mattress for mini cribs . highly recomended .
keeps my daugher entertained and happy ! she especially loves the mirror . helps make tummy time more enjoyable for little one .
the cup used only once , because if you must drink the water looked up , very inconvenient , i give my daughter bought a new suction cup .
these i love ! they work wonderfully , are double sided and long enough to mix baby food without making a mess . they are cute too .
perfect next step for kids using sippy cups . just the right size . easy for kids told hold . durable and dishwasher safe .
i like the size & thickness of this cloth wipe . both sides are really soft ! they work better than my plain cotton wipes .
the mash and serve bowl is easy to carry out.its useful for making baby food . i like the book also .
it's cute and it can be held well by my baby . i also think it's a good way to practicing brushing my baby's teeth .
pretty design , lots of pockets , and not too deep so things don't get lost in it . i also like that it has a detachable shoulder strap .
great for 1 diaper or 1 dirty clothing item . washes well . could maybe squeeze 2 diapers in but likely not without getting hands dirty .
great design and baby loooooves it . between this and his sharky he's a happy teether . highly recommended . will prob work well for back teeth too .
we use this as our main wet bag for cloth diapers in our daughter's room . no leaks yet , no odor and it looks great .
i have forceful letdown , and i always leak right through these till my shirt is soaked . :( they also show through most of my shirts .
i had to send mine back b / c it was so small and it doesn't work with my 3mons old . i wouldn't waste time on it .
my son is to big for it , wish it came in different sizes to much of a hassle to return it since i'm half way across the world
this is one of my favorite blankets for my grand daughter . it is very plush and soft . i would buy it again in a second ..
listen to the reviews ! unless you have at least 10 extra minutes every time you want to open your cabinet , buy something else . zero stars ! !
did not really hold the interest of my 2 yr old that well . the water flow required for the mechanisms to actually perform is not always proficient .
the bibs are too long for a 7 month old in a high chair !
we got this product to store diapers and accessories next to our changing table . it's a great additional to any nursery .
these bottles really do seem to reduce gas and spit up . they are easy to both assemble and take apart to clean .
i love all britax products , it fits my b-agile stroller perfectly , and is great quality . i just wish it was a little cuter .
we returned this because it looks like a coffin . good idea , just not very appealing to the eyes and too hot in the summer .
these are great but my baby didn't take them--not the products fault . it is well made and worth the price .
simple and perfect . cribs have become so pricey and the screws still show . this crib is reasonably priced an cute .
i was recently invited to a few bridal showers and i needed something to put the gifts in and baskets work good because they are easily reusable !
the troys touch not so soft for a new baby use , and just some smelly when opening the packing , just waiting for months and then try using .
this did not fit my 18x36 cradle mattress . it makes it fold in the middle if i try to fit it on .
we have the graco pack n play ' on the go ' & we needed a mattress for everyday use at grandmas . this fit perfectly .
great for vintage baby bottle collection ; need for old playtex bottles that are no longer made . hard to find these !
my 5 month old absolutely loves this toy . it is a great entertainer while we drive around . good investment for any mom .
i like this mattress because it's not too soft and not too firm . it fits well into my baby's crib and it's also waterproof .
this is a pretty inexpensive night light we bought for our boy's room , it's great but the bulb went out after a few weeks .
purchased for my grand daughter . keeps her nice and cosy while sleeping in her crib and on those chilly mornings .
this towel is a good size not too small . i wish it was a little softer but all in all it is a decent towel & supper cute .
i read the other reviews and took a chance . i can say that this 100 % fits the chico play yard perfectly . no issues .
no surprises here . exactly what you think it will be . seems well made . no issues after months of use and several washings .
the title pretty much says it all - it feels much more substantial than the micro-fleece ones , and kept my baby warm all winter !
i really like these . i keep them attached to the stroller in the winter . my son's nanny walks him every afternoon and loves them too !
my daughter pulled on it once ( when she was less than 3 moths old ) and it ripped , not worth the buy .
works great , for achy molars and front teeth , well made great loop for little hands to hold . little guy loves it !
this is well made and so easy to use ... well done chicco and bugaboo for joining forces to create these adapters . makes a mum's life easier .
these are great for on the go eating ! i use with the infantino pooches but you can use in any brand of food pooch and that's great
very very helpful little device , especially in the middle of the night and when parents are on the run and trading off baby duties
es demasiado linda la lamparita , es super util en la habitacion de la beba asi que iluminada y puedo vigilar al bebe cuando duerme
lightweight and pretty color . not much to it and it's very thin but my grand-daughter loves it and it is soft .
this is on my list of things new moms must have . they make life with a pacifier-loving baby so much easier !
bought these and they seem very strong . i haven't used them so can't rate higher . they have been laundered and held up very well .
absolutely love it , it fits my crib mattress perfect and is exactly what i was expecting . it's really very adorable .
how could one go wrong with this set ? soft bed sheets are tops , both for adults and for kids . this included the entire set .
this is a perfect match to our graco travelling system , now we can leave a base unit in each car .
very easy to use ! my 5 month old had no problem learning to use it ! there's not much you have to clean as well . definite buy !
so much nicer than the blinky , noisy mirror we had with our first child . this blends with our interior and does the job .
i bought this product before my son was born 22 months ago . it has had daily use and has held up wonderfully . good product !
my 11 month-old finds these easy to use , not too deep , and soft . perfect for us . dishwasher safe . i bought 2 packs
the product is cute and brightly colored . it appears to be well made . unfortunately , it didn't hold my nieces attention very long .
it fits perfectly over the pad and easy to out on and off . washes well too . would recommend this product .
the spoon comfortable when placed in her mouth rather than wondering if it would cut her little gums . it's quite sturdy and the case is so efficient .
the diaper cover works and fits great . it is also cute and stylish which is wonderful for a modern mom =)
it's been working as expected for 3 months . smaller and lighter weight than the original .
this mobile is so fun . it clips on the car seat easily . i love the shapes and the colors . perfect for even young babies .
overall this high chair is easy to move around . my daughter is not old enough to finger food , but tray are very easy to detach for wash .
it doesn't fit any of our doorways . wish it did , because it otherwise looked like a very nice product.amazon made the return process very easy .
great for on the go , and helps store leftovers . best part is it keeps food divided and the spoon tucks under the lid to help stay clean .
i love snappi's . they are so much simpler than pins and so quick to put on and take off . definitely makes cloth diapering more doable !
these were easy to install , don't interfere with the front seat , are low profile and most importantly keep the seats in good shape .
soft , washes well and warmer than cotton sheets . got the ecru color and its prettier in person--more of a pastel yellow .
my son absolutely loves his little giraffe ! this actually one of his favorite toys . it keeps him busy !
i wish the bottles came with these caps . they're great for travel and are a necessity when you're needing to shake up formula in the bottles .
the product is smaller than your typical oversized baby nail clippers . very easy to store . i would buy another one if i needed it .
amazing price ! my daughter loves playing with these turtles . they are not hard which is great so she won't hurt her teeth when she tries biting them
my son likes it . it's was a little different then what the picture shows . the sound it makes is a little loud .
she spells words on the frige in the mornings while i am getting breakfast together . nice quality . colorful and would buy again .
this is an adorable and durable diaper cover . it's easy to use and washes well . much improved compared to others i've tried .
easy and light weight for my son to hold and wonderful served cold for sore gums .
love this ! looks much nicer than other wipe holders , easy to use and open with one hand , and keeps wipes moist !
temperature gauge says hot when its just warm .. hard to use because the head and the tail get in the way .. otherwise it is a good travel tub
i hate when i forget this because then i have a ton more food to collect off the floorgreat home and out
it helps my daughter get on the babybjorn potty seat , reach the sink for hand washing and teeth brusing . overall we like it !
awesome for small children , our baby loves this , every night when we put her to sleep we put the turtle next to the bed
great product to carry anywhere and its very light weight . i would recommend this to buy . easy to clean .
this is ok but nothing real great but our one year old grandson plays with it but not one of his faves .
must have accessory for cloth diapering . i use the spray by bum genius and coupled with this , poopy diapers don't stand a chance .
works perfectly well - keeps smells out . also much cheaper than the diaper genie option . doesn't take up much floor space and very easy to use .
this bouncer looks good are made of good quality and my son loves it . especially with the toy you can buy and put on .
our twins used these in the nicu so glad i was able to find them for use at home . this is the only nipple our daughter will use
i thought this would be a bit higher - i'm 5 ' 5 but seem to be struggling to give my baby bath . wouldn't recommend
not much to say about these other than they're cute , soft , effective , and easy to clean . well worth the money .
item looks ok but quite pricey , hope they sell just the brush but i guess its part of their marketing and all
super cute but a little difficult to get treats out of the monster's mouth . at least it doesn't spill !
i was miserable with my pump until buying these , thank goodness someone has pretty much thought of everything when it comes to pumping ! :)
way more durable , padded , and attractive than others i have seen . great purchase for a girl or boy . also doesn't show dirt or spills .
this adapter had noticeably less power than my medela version . pumping is already hard enough with a decrease in suction .
i got this for my baby when he was 4 months old to chew on . it has helped him so much during the teething weeks .
this is a very cute , super soft hooded towel . i purchased a few of these and they work great and are super cute !
great fit but did shrink a bit after washing . like the organic cotton ones better so we ordered more of those .
my daughter says these are handy and work well for small spitups and cleaning my grandsons face after feeding . gets the job done .
good quality and happy with my purchase . colour did not run after washing and easy to adjust straps . i hope to use this for a long time .
the string that ties it to the back of the seat ripped within a week of using it . not well made and not worth the money .
we originally purchased the munchkin bottle brush , which broke after a few months and never stayed upright . this one works much better .
perfect size & easy to clean no need for a pas cover ... not too hard fits perfect on top of his dresser
these replacement spouts are the perfect fit for the nuk soppy cup . my toddler just loves these cups . the spout is easy to drink out of .
it is a little flimsy ( plastic ) but it works just fine . for the price , i think t is worth it .
only works with umbrella strollers that already have a shade ! please take note . this was not mentioned in the description .
we take this container most of the time in the diaper bag as it does not take much space and we could fit a few small snacks in there .
i don't have a smell in the house . i love this thing . we have one on every level in the house
this canopy is great . i love the pattern and it covers my car seat well . it's good protection from outside elements .
good price relative to quantity . don't spill easily . wish lids were easier to screw on . major spills we've had have been cause lid didn't thread right .
graduated my daughter to this tub at about 6 months after she outgrew her infant tub , and we both love it . sturdy but lightweight , it's perfect !
some car models do not have an adjustable headrest in the back seat and then there's no way to attach this mirror .
bought this for my grandson on the way holds everything you need at the changing station . very well crafted would recommend this item .
i use it as a stool and it's nice . won't slip on any surface . but i guess it will be hard to clean the top .
this is a very fun bath toy , especially if your little one already has a larger sophie . it is soft and easy to hold .
this product is good and has very good quality like best is good for my baby , would buy it again thanks
i gave the play yard as a gift and the recipient is very pleased .
fits a good amount of things . i like to use it for pacifiers , teething rings , and miscellaneous pumping and bottle parts .
product as described . fit perfectly as replacements for our bottles . price comparable to major stores , except less hassle . product recommended .
these cups are great . no spills at all and are easy to clean . i am happy with them and would buy them again .
seems nasty but works great . no fussing since nothing to stick up their nose by accident . easy to clean and saves money on filters .
this jar keeps food warm and is just so very attractive . my daughter loves her foogo food jar and straw bottle
this thing is awesome ! my son sleeps sounder longer when swaddled in it ! i highly recommend it for new parents who need some sleep !
i love these ! it keeps my 2 year old from turning on the stove which he could do at 16 months !
i received this as a baby shower gift and my daughter loves it still at 22 months old . we use it every night !
fits nicely on the toilet without slipping . nice cushion . great spray protector . easy to clean . my son loves the design .
my son never really notices this toy . plus it really doesn't stick to the counter top like it is supose to .
love this diaper bag . big enough to hold everything you need , and stroller clips are very convenient . looks great too ! !
i think this is a very cute toy that serves its purpose . it plays the music , keeps them entertained for sometime . no complaints .
we bought 2 packs and use them on our toilets . they take a while to get used to , but met our expectations !
i like being able to give my twins a fruit and veggie at the same time and them not mixing together . i love this plate .
lifesaver ! using this allows us to give half or single ounces and it mixes any formula with no bubbles or foam ! major time and money saver !
these hold up great int he dishwasher and offer lots of space for food . easy to clean and to thick to break or crack !
cute diaper , love the design , doesn't offer the best protection against wetness but with a hemp insert it does the job
perfect basic toy for little ones ! my daughter especially loves the black and white ring ( it's her favorite thing to chew on ! )
i have 2 of these and have been using them for a year now . they are still waterproof and look like new . highly recommend !
after doing more reading , i really don't think it is necessary sterilizing the bottles.this product is huge , and i don't think is needed . i returned it .
does exactly what it says . it's wonderful if you have the bumperpads on the crib . a definate a + in my book !
its great and easy to open ... i was given a car seat and this works perfect for my baby girl ! !
this swing took me about an hour to put together . our baby loves it ... falls asleep real quick . i call it our baby nyquil ! :)
i gave this a bad rating because these should come with your gate , you will need them for any newer house with regular size hallways and doors .
love the pattern , love the diaper . best buy on the market . leaks a little but that's ok . my baby pees a lot .
not too much you can say about flatware , but my toddler loves this set and always reaches for them first .
every baby needs keys ! use them all time they are must for the diaper bag . loves chewing on them as well as shaking them to make noise !
great service by the way & the toy is perfect . looks very much like a real cell phone & is very durable . my daughter brings it everywhere :)
the mat looks nice and easy to clean . the colorful on the pad keeps my son busy to looking around .
the are just the right size to carry snack for the baby . very durable and machine washable holds up great
nice colors . dont like when you fold it up there is no handle and it opens easily . also the seat comes off when carrying it .
were need to get from day 1 . great for the summer , no overheating . easier to manage than aio diapers . fast drying .
it did not fit well on a britax roundabout or a marathon . i would not recommend it for those car seats . seemed well made .
it looks great in my sons room and perfectly matches his graco crib ! the cubby holes are perfect for storing our cloth diapers and other diapering needs !
my breastfed baby takes this nipple with no problems . he prefers the latex but he will take this one too .
i thought it was glass , but it is plastic , not like it . nipple hole a little big , others are okay .
nice and simple , works great at stopping the door from closing on anybody's hands . probably more than i need , but that's ok for the price .
we use these to replace the damaged nipples . a good flow and the quality you expect from dr . brown products .
my 4 month old really likes to chew on the end of these keys . def recommend these keys to teething babies
these are some of the best bottles around . i love when amazon has good sales on them . i was all stocked up for awhile .
perfect size . perfect grip . im a fan of oxo bowls , plates , spoons , etc . so glad i bought it and will buy more .
our little boy loves these rings . he carries them everywhere . we have found them in the most random places around the house .
i still think the traditional bulb is better . somehow i can get the snot out better with the bulb and not so well with this aspirator .
only issue i have with this product is how tough it is to put together and take apart . otherwise , it is a decent product .
this is pretty good and works well to shade my lo . only thing is that its a little too long and blocks her view .
the toy has a very good quality , suitable for child , my kids really like it . i believe that every family needs it .
does exactly what it's supposed to do . no problems with leaks or even smell . we use it in a kitchen trash can with a lid .
i am just starting my cloth diapering adventure , but so far these are good . well worth the money and beat out the cheap cloth diapers by far !
too hard as rubber , my baby doesn't like it . if you are looking for some soft bib , this is not the one .
soft and pretty color ( true to product image ) . it washes well , maintaining its softness and color . what a great price !
super fun and very easy to use . works for anything - wine glasses and baby bottles ! i recommend this as a good gift for friends .
i love this sippy cup . it has a soft silicon nipple and does not leak when my little one swings it around .
you absolutely must buy these if you are using your pump out side of your home , especially at the office . invaluable !
i use with dr . brown 4 oz glass bottles . no problems with dripping at all . easy to clean both by hand and dishwasher safe .
i love this product . the fact that it came with two different sized bottles and a dispenser was great ! definitely recommend !
could not make it without these . they are awesome and since we are always loosing these it is great to have some additional ones for emergencies .
i was putting this around my seat and the elastic snapped instantly . worthless if you want it to stay up against the seat .
i have already ordered more . this is so cute i just fell in love with it the minute i opened it .
this point-and-click thermometer is easy to use and non-invasive . i definitely prefer using this over the rectal thermometer on our baby .
this was a convenient way to cart my son around the airport . it was pretty easy to detach and reattach as needed .
so cute , but the mesh wore out and the rods kept coming out even early on . i guess we got what we paid for .
the toy is pretty bulky . my son isn't a fan , but he likes to chew on the teether that's attached .
i love the tommee tippee products . these nipples are great and the flow is just right for my baby . i would suggest this product to friends .
i like it that it is simple and there is no buckle . but it is not big enough to strap sippy cup .
does what it is supposed to do . helps in the back of the car to keep it a little cooler and a little darker .
my sister's daughter is 2 months old and she loves staring at the toys on this . a nice big mirror and seems to work well for them .
better than i expected . very cute . looks good on my baby's grey walls . it is sticking well so far ! like it .
fits nicely in her baby medicine bag and is accurate . the retractable probe is a nice feature and keeps it away from dirt .
when my daughter outgrew the long sleeve bumkin bib i was bummed . bought this one and happy again . so i bought two more .
we're always loosing spoons or needing for other children that visit . these are sturdy , practical and reasonably priced . kids seem to enjoy them too .
in this case , you get what you pay for . a tad on the cheap side when it comes to quality & size .
this is very handy . you can put it anywhere and it keeps the pacifier clean . i need to order another one .
wonderful cream stick . easy no mess application . glides on smooth and is non sticky . smells beautifully . works great ! a must for the winter months !
this is the perfect length covers the entire rail and velcro is very strong , no problems with the fabric moving or coming loose .
my sister let me borrow her breast pump so i didn't have to buy a new one . just bought all the replacement parts , including this tubing .
super soft and washable ! fit the dream on me 3 " mattress perfectly and has so far held up to any stains it meets .
i sometimes can't tell which side is supposed to be the absorbent side ! i wanted to like these , but i just don't .
fantastic ! it makes grabbing wipes so easy ! way better than any of the others out there !
cute and functional . this whale is sturdy enough to properly cover the bath faucet but cute enough to delight my son . great product .
for where we needed this it didn't work do to the plug's we had in the outlets the cover wouldn't fit .
this is a thicker quilted option for playard sheet . cute prints and washed well . would be better if cotton was softer feel than others i have seen .
not for us . the material seemed like it would make my baby sweat and it did not seem sturdy . i returned . the print was cute .
the bodysuit is perfect , the booties are very big for a newborn , the hat is bigger than newborn hats tend to be .
i actually got this because it was on sale and eeyore is my favorite . my son hangs it on the carseat handle .
we use this when the gradkids come over . it's adjustable and very light . my granddaughter likes it but grandson ( older ) not so much .
my 16 month old chews through these nipples easily and i was trying to see if i could get replacements . thanks , amazon for carrying these !
carters sheets are definitely my favorite . the quality is consistent and very soft . fits perfectly on a standard size crib mattress .
no more accidental peeing all over the place . i use this product for my son whenever i change his diaper .
great value for the product . much cheaper than in the stores . helped me out when i had to nurse and bottle feed at the same time .
fits costco , target , and nordstrom rack carts ! very stretchy & flexible . super cute pattern . padded enough . compartment on back is an extra bonus
my son cannot count yet but he loves catching bright fish in his tub with his hands and he loves to bite the handle of the net .
very cute and works well , but one arrived with open stitching , so i haven't used it because i need to fix it first .
great place to store extra things needed . plenty of room quality well made . glad we have this for our seat . happy with it
either it's too large or the elastic wont shrink . hangs loose around table and baby uses it to pull himself up .
this product does what it is supposed to . protect my baby from the sun . i am very happy that i purchased this item .
our three month old loves sitting and jumping in his jumperoo ! he loves to kick his legs and this is the perfect toy for our active baby .
i rarely will buy anything without looking at reviews . this works fine at protecting me even with some of the issues i had prior to giving birth .
great product , i will be buying a couple more . great size for my 21 month old girl . she can carry it around without stepping on it .
started using when baby was about 5 months . it's even better now that's she's eating solids . perfect size for baby
nice waterproof cover . it is nice and thick and fits the playyard just right . i also got an organic sheet to cover this .
this thermometer never worked for us , and we tried everything ! the strip must have been a dud . buyer beware . this was very disappointing to us .
although these are good for travel , the size and number of parts makes this bottle too cumbersome for everyday and daycare use .
perfect size for 15 month old learning to use silverware . sturdy and resilient for all the dropping and throwing down the road .
cute design and colours . lightweight but breathable . washes nicely and is soft to the touch for my child's skin . love these !
good price for the item . i also liked the solid colors , which makes it easier to find than the clear ones when my daughter drops it .
bought this for my 5 month old granddaughter . she loves all the songs and smiling face . fun toy . soft and easy to hold .
great cups , durable , easy to clean , great colors ! my daughter loves these and i love how great they work and easy they are to clean !
fits everything and works wonderfully ! i was so excited to find oem replacement parts to swap out and extend the life of my pump !
my daughter used this seat itwas great for her , but i cant imagine my son using it without peeing all over
this is great for giving small amounts of different options for picky baby and is great for variety for toddler .
perfect for my little eater . i like the long handle and the shallow spoon for my 7 month old .
this is great for my teething 6 month old . she drags it around with her and chews on it instead of her clothes like she was .
my crawling son loves this ! he pushes it around the house . it was a hit at daycare for share day .
we have one of these in every bedroom in the house . love the rain sounds . and the projection cartoons are nice as well .
still waiting for the tub to arrive but it cheaper at walmart . but can't really rate it thus , 3 star . being neutral .
i use these at night because when worn out , you can see the outline of the circle shapes through your clothes .
this works nicely to check on my house during the day or in the kids rooms at night . we plan to buy more of these .
these were for a baby boy shower - they came rolled up with great ribbon - they are just a lovely addition to the cowboy basket !
love , love , love these spoons . these are soft and flexible for babies.it is good . i very like it . .
i'm so happy that these medela parts came so quick . they have made my constant pumping a little less busy .
did the job , and helped my lo sleep better through the night . light , perfect size did the trick . yay yay
i love this changing pad because of the generous size and it was very useful ! the design is pretty cute too .
this is the best thing i ever bought for my daughter . it is the only thing that got her to sleep .
apparently i have am extra elongated toilet bowl / seat , this rests too far back and is awkward for my toddler to sit on by herself .
we used tommee tippee bottles , but i prefer this brush than their brand . it's also great for sippy cups & my breast pump accessories .
works great . we had trouble with other cups but this one works great and the handles ( which can be removed ) help gripping the cup . ,
love this product . it keeps my baby from chewing on the crib rails , it's easy to put on , and east to wash .
i don't know that we would have gotten through the first year without this . fantastic , versatile , and worth every penny .
love aden + anais sheets and other products . very soft and great quality . love them and bought several sheets in different colors .
can't tell any difference with this . my baby girl still got sick and is drooling all the time with her teething . but is a cute necklace
i got this for my daughter when she was 3 months old , she is now almost a year old and still loves playing with this .
perfect way to hold on to soothies . it makes dropping and losing soothies a bit harder . plus , the stuffed animals are adorable . ;)
saving assistance , as they should not buy these again , i never noticed anything in the bra , or in the clothes
swaddling , nursing cover , car seat canopy - these blankets are multitaskers ! very soft and much larger than traditional receiving blankets , perfect for summer swaddling !
washes well and fits different size pails . transports from pail to washing machine easily . also good for use with swimwear and wet towels .
i got this for my newborn granddaughter . it is very well made and babies love to play with tags . cute product !
when the larger shields are purchased , they stick out further making your pump more bulky to use , other than that they work well
super cute alternative to the traditional drying rack . holds a lot for its size too . i bought the flower to go along with it .
it's a decent product for the money , would recommend to others . it's machine washable , sturdy and has a nice design .
my son had trouble getting the larger sophie into his mouth properly but this one has been great , he loves it !
this rattle will be great for a newborn when all they can see is black , white , and red nice size and very soft
these were rather cheaply made and i wouldn't recommend . they don't fit flush against our wall which makes it unsafe in my mind .
this is a great item for a working mom who has to pump on the go .
this thing would not stay suctioned to the table . period . took it back the very same day .
my 11 month old can take these off with no problem . they're junk . don't bother . just use the old-fashioned , flat covers instead .
i love this thing ! it holds lots of toys and very easy to put up ! also got it for a great price on here ! ! !
no leaks after months of use ! lid fits on all their cups and snack cups . i love oxo tot for all my baby and toddler items now
this is a good cover for the pac n play mattress that i bought . this is soft and fits very tightly .
i bought this to make and store my baby's food . the first time i used the tray , it ripped in 3 places .
this play mat is great . my baby loves it . it is very colorful and she loves the little toys attached .
what can you say about these plugs ? i thought it was a good value , i had more than enough for myself and some to share .
this carseat keeps my 3 - year-old daughter safe , but we spent a lot of money on it and she complains that it is not comfortable .
actually , i bought these rails for my grandson's crib and he's too young to need them yet . however , they seemed to be of very nice quality !
holds all the bath letters and most of the toys . have had for 3 months and it is still like new . it is adjustable .
we love these . they are very gentle on my baby's skin and i like that they are a more natural alternative .
i was excited to get this item , but it broke during the first use and the amount of weight was not the issue . it was a bummer .
not a big hit with my 12 month old . he doesn't like the noise or feel on his arms . he likes the regular bibs by this company
i like how these were made out of milk cartons . they are very sturdy and great colors . will be buying more .
fit perfectly and did not crowd the little crib at meema's . easy to put on and beautiful ! we love it .
i gave this as a gift and my friend really liked it and said it was very functional . the outside design is also super cute .
good to have some extra membranes around since they're small and easily misplaced , especially if you travel with your pump . these work as expected .
great idea as long as you are holding it in their mouth , take caution , otherwise they gag and can choke themselves .
we love our recaro and so does my 1 year old ! super safe seat !
it is a cute mobile , however i couldn't make it fit tight on the crib ... also , the remote control just works when it feels like ...
this play yard works very well as a protective barrier and i highly recommend it . we use it to guard around our fireplaces .
these are a good amount of extra parts for the price . overall good value and good for storage . i would recommend .
easy to install , saves shelf space , works really well , i couldn't have designed it better myself . i'll be ordering another set !
the brush bristles are soft enough for my baby's hair , but it actually works to brush his hair - so adorable .
love this jumper ! we've now used it for 6mths and are still using it . it's awesome to keep our twin's entertained
these are the best pads i have found . they are very absorbent , and they pull the moisture away from your skin .
these are great toys for the price . easy to grab and interesting . my 8 month old grandson loved them , and so did the dog .
i love this product and use it for feeding and teething purposes . its easy to clean and fast too unlike the mesh feeders [ ... ]
easily holds bottle parts in the dishwasher and fits well on top rack . the bigger the basket the better . some bottles come with multiple parts .
i really love this cover ! it has great colors , and an awesome design . i enjoy the sight of it laying around my house .
was a nice pillow to use . i actually used it more for after i had the baby and could prop myself up in bed to nurse .
good idea but doesn't work . it won't stay on . and you have to wash the hair below it also , so it defeats the purpose !
love her nuk cup but these nipples rip easily if baby has teeth and bites !
i like the loop-n-lock design . things i would change : make the strip cotton , have an easier clip to open / close . but i like it .
bought this product to spray out poopy cloth diapers and it works great . very easy to install . looks good too .
i just wish the ones that they sent weren't all clear . makes them hard to find . my son liked them though so that's what matters .
i'm new to the whole diapering world ... especially clothe diapers . these seem like they will work well though and have great reviews !
we picked this because it was lightweight and it is easy to change the sheets . we really like it and it fits tightly in the crib .
very good quality , even the double side tape is very strong . they even have provided extra tape . but this brand .
love this product . i purchased this one for a friend . where my son went so did the pocket nanny . there was no questions about anything .
loved these and couldn't wait for my little one to use them until i tried to sanitize them and they melted . :(
doesn't seem to be able to keep up with the bigger bedrooms in our house , but it's super quiet and hasn't broken !
easy to use and great for protecting our little one from mosquitos and other pests while at the lake , walking at the park , wherever !
no complaints at all about this product , i recommend it without doubt the best for your baby and take it all in good quality
love these ones . these gerber nuk ones did not crack inside where the stopper goes like others i have purchased . they're also super cute .
it's just the perfect car seat . my grand daughter is very happy with it and so are her mom and dad .
i love how cozy this sheet feels for my baby - its so super-soft and hold up nicely in the wash .
the blanket is soft , of good quality , and is beautifully made . i am so pleased that i purchased this . nice addition to my nursery .
this product is great for holding soothies pacifiers or any pacifier with a hole in it rather than a ring . lots of great colors and not too expensive .
wish it were a little bigger but works well . we can do one set of pumping supplies or dr . brown two bottles per use .
fits all the dr browns bottles perfectly . that's all i have to say , it's a great thing to have if you are bottle feeding :)
i love these spoons because they are longer than most other spoons and way easier for me to use while feeding my son :) good price also .
i am glad i got this , but my son can still move it if he try's . overall i would get another one if i need too .
i'm glad i bought these and it would be really helpful if the hubs would actually read the labels so i wouldn't have to reorganize every week ...
i got this hamper as a gift . i returned it the next day . the white paint chips off all over .
i got these as a gift for a new mom . they are too cute and she loved them . i'm not sure how they will hold up .
i was disappointed on the quality . i got dirty so easily and the color changed fast . i mean literally from blue to dark grey blue .
me encanta es especial para cuando se lleva al bebe al supermercado , lo mantiene aislado de tocar directamente el carrito del supermercado se mantiene higiénico .
i was very happy to see there was an extra base we could get for our car seat , and this works great .
my baby isn't quite old enough to use the plates and cups yet , but the bowls work great for feeding .
maybe this is because i didn't give it much thought but it certainly does repel liquid but the liquid runs off it onto something that will absorb it .
these are so super soft ! super cute pattern , large , light weight . so many uses for baby and beyond . great purchase , great gift !
very cute and soft . the colors are bright and engaging . i love eric carle items . the baby like when it quacks . fast shipping .
we've used this with our baby since day one . he's now 14 weeks and hasn't had any issues with a flat head !
it's cheap looking & feeling , but it does the job and does it well . for ten bucks i'm very happy and would buy it again .
this is awesome for all those little items that are dishwasher safe but would normally fall through . good buy - recommended .
a set of toy keys is a must have for babies . great for when our daughter started grasping items and the colors keep attention .
great stroller . maneuvers easily . good price , delivered conveniently to my door in the time promised .
someone bought us a pair of these , so i bought one for my new nephew . they definitely do the job of keeping baby's socks on .
i love these . i haven't had to take them off the table so i can't speak to the residue part , but these are snug and protective .
i bought the addition to replace a piece i broke ( user error , not product flaw ) great quality . i'd recommend to others .
my son has loved this toy from just a month old until now , still , at 6 months . he especially loves the " windmill "
great , i just loved the baby cowboy wash cloth ! it arrived in a timley manner in great condition and looked even better than described in the ad .
the lansinoh momma feeding bottle was recommended by our pediatrician because it is designed especially for breastfeeding mothers . chole doesn't have any problems drinking from it .
my daughter has two lamaze toys and she loves both of them . sir prance a lot is very cute and she especially likes the tail rings .
fit his graco playard perfectly , much better than the thin hard playmat that came with the playard . good firmness . my son sleeps in this at night
this machine works great . our only complaint is that we had hoped that it would have come with more recipe ideas .
this is so soft ! much warmer than the cotton , breathes better than the fleece . my daughter loves to snuggle up with it . will order more .
sophie is great - our 4 - month old loves to chew on her ! she likes her squeakiness too :-) expensive , but well worth it !
i got this for the newest little one and mom and baby both love it i like it too for when i have her ...
looks exactly as pictured . it is so soft and because it's not cotton " anything " that gets on it should wash out . absolutely love it .
sturdy crib mattress , had no odors like some others i have purchased and it was a great price . would recommend
i tried the dr . brown's bottle brush and this one is definitely superior . it's held up better , and i like the fold out nipple brush .
very light weight , flexible , very easy to clean and has a large adjustable velcro strap on the back for attachment
the design is very cute and my daughter loves them . not as soft as some of the other toddler sheet sets i've purchased in the past .
i was really hoping that my son would like this product but he didn't seem to like that it was hollow .
this package is totally worthy . the high quality of britax with a great price has not comparison . you are secure and safe with britax .
this fits the avent manual breast pump . just want to point that out since it want clear on the description . comes in a pack of 4 .
i love this cover . it washes great and it is very soft . i have gotten several compliments on the design .
these are for an upcoming grandchild , cotton-cloth diapers , just what the parents wanted they are looking forward to using them soon .
i really like the bag i think the best part is it opens wide and stays open . it's a great bag and the price was great also !
cute duke , very good . my baby play it when he was bathing . it can show the temprature too high , a good toy
this not only does it do what it's supposed to , it also makes an entertaining toy ! i like the pattern .
this didn't fit our chicco high chair . the holes in the back were too big so the straps just slipped out
we have had these for over seven years , and they all still work ! ! the best outlet solution ever ! ! none have ever broken .
these arrived broken and when i tried to install they didn't work very well . so i decided just to return them instead of exchange since they didn't work .
i love this bath spout cover . it is as cute in person as it is online . i would recommend this product .
i love this lunchbag .. all his lunch fits nicely ... have had for a long time and it still going strong . love it .
bought the davinci mini rocking crib and this fits the mattress perfectly . i did upgrade to a thicker 3.5 in mattress and this works .
we use this to guard around our fire places and i am very happy with the product . it works well and was worth the price .
these are great sheets for the crib . they are really soft even after washing them . i would definitely recommend these !
this carrier is so sturdy and soft i can't see anyone complaining about it . no issues with it and everything works as indicated .
i'm really disappointed . these nipples flow faster than stage 1 should , and i wish i'd gone with a different nipple / bottle system .
i didn't want a boppy pillow with a cotton cover - i wanted something a bit softer . love this . its soft and super cute .
why would anyone buy the wub-nub when this is out there ! ? washable and you can change the pacifiers ! love , love , love ! ! !
a huge disappointment . it sags , and can't hold any bottles . bottles just flip over . forget even trying putting in adult drinks .
i should have bought the sooner ! i'm able to leave this review while pumping right now . i love this product !
it is pretty , but it will open on its own inside the diaper bag and all the wipes will dry out .
who can tell me how to close the light ? i put it in the package so it can stop lighting .
i was nervous at first to trust these but the first time i got a negative i knew they really work !
with twins , this spinning drying rack is constantly in use . very simplistic design but , we could not live without it .
i love this tub , and my daughter too ! ! ! great price , beautiful and very comfortable.absolutely recommend it .
great teether that really soothes . my baby loves it and i really recommend it to new moms out there !
i am seeing everyone with these . they are really nice and seem to work fine for what you are needing it for .
it is only a sheet with very soft cover not for all playards and not like a fitted sheet i imagine
it's very nice . it would be better if both edge could be close perfectly since the's a gap between the edge even there's nothing inside .
this pad doesn't catch everything , but it helps and is easy to wash . i wish i had had this during the blowout stage with my oldest .
looks good . seems comfortable for my baby . just as describe . goes well with deco . i'd recommend this to a friend !
i bought these to use as burp cloths .. i love the fabric , i added a little border and they look fabulous ... truly in love with them
i love this spois for baby food - so much easier than a regular spoon and much cleaner ! have used it for both my kids and it's great .
my 5 month old loves this ! he chews on it and sucks on it as he is teething . it is easy for him to hold onto too .
this is a cool placemat that is great for travel and hooks onto a lot of tables . goes very well with the to go fork and spoon .
i love this ! ! so bright in color and can clip just about anywhere . it's such a work of art . i want to play with it :)
great place for my 3 year old to play with her toys and also protects the floor . there was no smell / fumes at all . highly recommend !
apparently my baby does not like pacifiers ( or this one , i don't know ) . we just offered this pacifier but he does not take it .
these actually fit me much better than the standard size that came with the pump . i wish i would have ordered these sooner .
love the music and the movement.my sister already had all the toy with the fisher price rain forest . she was missing this one .
this is a cute , plush , and generously sized blanket ( compared to standard receiving blankets and the like ) . it's one of our favorites !
my son loved this new bought , have used munchkin sesame street toddler fork and spoon , , and still feel good , ha ha ,
i'm a fan of pure cotton , but these made me change my mind . they're the softest i've gotten so far . perfect for her delicate skin .
this is a great nursing pillow . the baby is comfortable and so is mom . the material is also nice and the pattern is even cuter in person .
i love this sheet ! very soft , fits mattress perfectly , i have never had any problems with it shrinking . gets softer with every wash !
great design . we use it all the time . only problem is that one of the zippers broke after a few months of use .
love these . my little guy prefers these over the rest . great for night time use to help him get him to fall asleep .
great for organizing clothes for a nursery . two stickers are provided for each of several sizes . a definite must for a nursery !
wish i had found this earlier . will add this to my " new parent " present pack . useful even for grown up cleaning !
great bottle brush that has a nipple cleaner and convenient stand ! will buy more of these for future use . the bristles are soft and not scratchy .
we love the print . the blanket is super soft and super cute . would recommend this blanket to anyone for a little girl .
we like feeding the baby real foods , this makes it even easier . clean-up is also a breeze ! we love it !
they seem like they will hold up well but the cotton is not as soft as you would think . overall we're happy with the product .
this was the best $ 150 we ever spent . we would have paid $ 1000 to have our baby sleep the way he does in this swing !
keeps the bugs away on our walks . we got two - one for each seat on our double stroller ( baby jogger city select )
i received one of these during my baby shower , and my son loved it so much that i bought a smaller version for travel time .
i was told great things about these pacifiers . i only gave it a 4 out of 5 b / c they have not been used yet .
my kids love it ; we are collecting all models ; if you are looking the best try to give it to your kids happiness and healthy products
although my son loves elmo he never really engaged with this toy and he has alot of other teethers that he actively played with .
i have yet to use this bag , but i think it's a marvellous design and will attach it soon to my stroller , once the weather warms up .
did not like the material is not smooth i had bought the black and white at a store and the material is very smooth
my daughter loves her links . she has to have them in her hand all the time . i'm surprised she's not sleeping with them .
i am happy with the product . very good quality cotton . product received timely . i would recommend this product to others .
we loved it for our son's room . the canvases are just the right size and look adorable . they make out kid's room very cozy .
inexpensive . easy to use . work well . one star lost because they aren't really leak proof . not bad leaky but not leak proof .
fits snug on the medela pump connection . other ends fit perfectly on the breast shield connection . great product . i would recommend .
glad i purchased the starter kit with the brush . these bottle are great we do not have any problems with gas
my 15 - month old loves it . the music is nice and the mirror is colorful and keeps her attention . i would recommend this to anyone .
we got these as a gift for a one-year-old . they are so cute and practical . not a bad price , either !
first i thought this would be cheap and not really good . but turned to be better then oxo brand .. which cracked in couple of month .
fits my boppy well , easy to spot clean or wash in the washer and put back on . replacement covers fit even with this cover already on
i don't like it at all .. the clip it's so so hard to open .. it's also way too wide .. other brands worked much better
our baby's nursery is theme is monkeys . this goes perfect with all the other decor in the room . we love monkeys !
found this for much more expensive . this does the same thing and is way cheaper than other brands . very pleased with the purchase
my 7 month old loves this . its easy to grab and he loves shaking it . he definitely approved this toy .
my son loves to feed himself . he likes that it is almost like his wubanub , but instead ... hazzah ... he's getting milk !
works great for what we needed , but wish i would have looked harder for an auto close in the space we needed to fill .
it is a little bit thin and not as soft as i would like . it works well though and is very cute .
my little 3 month old loves looking in the mirror and this works perfect . he just started use the little ball too , so cute
i love this changing pad cover . it is very cute , soft and holds up to the multiple washings i have performed on it .
i really like these spoons , i am a dr brown fan so i have bought a lot of their products but these work great .
these sheets fit great on our graco pack n play and the color matched it well . my babies definitely like things to match !
i got this for the little one and use it for sippy cup inserts ( i use playtex and they come with small plastic inserts ) works well
who ever invented this product is a genius . i didn't have to read the directions to figure out how to install it . love it .
this one is tough to align exactly to get it to close right . not easy carrying a child near stairs ...
i'll come back later after my grandson starts teething and i can actually rate this based on usefulness . they seem to be sturdy and well made .
firefly is so cute ! bright colors . and it hangs on car seat , stroller , pack n play , our baby loves to reach for it .
it doesn't hold as well and it's a little snug , but it does the trick for daytime wear , when i'm only using a small insert .
these are the best bibs on the market ! they are the only ones big enough to actually keep my daughter from wearing most of her food .
this product does what it's supposed to do but we needed more of the outlet safety locks . otherwise , this was a good buy .
it is quiet thick cotton and makes my baby very hot . it shrunk a little after washing although i followed the washing instructions .
this is fits perfect inside my infant bathtub . my babys head and ears stay safely out of the water . love it .
i purchased this to keep my toddler out of the fridge . its surprisingly very durable , i also placed one on the garbage can .
these sheets are so soft and a nice mid weight . fit the pack and play just right . arrived faster than advertised .
it's ok . i hoped a better quality , specificly in adaptability in different spaces . not so practice to put anywhere . its ok
i actually already have one of these but i like it so well i am getting another
amazing ! super easy to clean ! my 5 1/2 month daughter loves it ! she can stay there forever and not complain .
very convenient and easy to portion out our toddler's meals . i bought 2 sets because it's so versatile . highly recommended .
this change pad is very useful . i like the color ( green crazy bubbles ) . i like quality of material and design .
i'm not super thrilled w / the quality of this set.its cute but its funky shaped and poor quality materials .
works just as described ! i also purchased the add-on clips for my toddler's loop-free pants . i'm glad to finally have a solution to her loose pants !
this fitted was our overnight choice with a thirsties cover . we really liked the ease of the fitteds over the prefolds .
my boy loves it coz it has sound and is also colorful , easy to take away with him to go out side
i bought this for my daughters bath toys and the suction does not work . it will not stay on . i've tried everything and there was no luck .
absolutely excellent and easy to put in and out of car . baby fits very snugly and the construction is quite sturdy . a great value for the money .
so far so good , haven't used them yet but looking forward to it ! ! get them for a good price on here as well !
love my boppy and slipcover . i also ordered another slip cover to have on hand . the boppy is a great product for newborns and up .
monitor is a little bulky if you have little space for it , but it works very well and i am so glad i got it .
this reusable pouch is really great . it's nice and sturdy for you to gently spoon food in or it can be used with the infantino filling station .
not good for all ovens . sticky doesn't hold well , but will do the job for a little while . not worth the money
we pop it in the tub run the water and check the duck . easy and simple way to check the water .
great quality product . so easy to roll up or spread out . nice thin soft surface for my baby to roll around too .
its well designed and looks like it will hold up over time for the next kid to use as well.snaps in place easy .
these woukd be great if the material had any stretchiness ... they simply will not stay on--they are not even socklike ( shaped like a foot ) .
loving it . soft fit almost perfect zipper is nice and the color matched about everything couldnt ask for much more
it is excellent for the toddlers when they start to learn how to eat using knife . they are safe , very good size .
works great with my pump in style advance , nothing fancy as far as packaging etc . but right for the price !
my twins boys are now 6 mos old and they still love this gym . great buy , i highly recommend it .
product quality was good but seemed to be much smaller than anticipated . she able to use it though . would recommend going a size up
much bigger than i imagined , currently not useful , i hope it's suction as described earlier , the baby will not be knocked
my husband and i both tried and tried - it was impossible . now it's become a chew toy without anything inside to chew . oh well .
but if you have a lawn then why not ? it's definitely useful for nipples and such and adds a little color and fun .
gray or slate color , not aqua ! otherwise they are great ! love the curved design , make feeding the little one much easier ! ! !
we love this holder because you can slip the pacifier on and off of the clip easily , but not so easily that it comes off on its own .
quality sheets , wash up well . i would buy this kind again if i needed more cradle sheets . bit of stretch makes them easier to put on .
for the most part we are using straw sippy cups but these are great for the last bottle of the night
we also used this as a bassinet and it worked well . good quality and easy to break down to store . my baby really liked it .
i got it to go on a road trip , the car noise over powered the white noise ... and its basically only light soothing for its quiet .
super transition from bottle ! seems much like a bottle to child , but gets them used to the sippy cup spout !
these along with the baby kicks bigger burp cloths , are super thick , amazingly soft and wash really nice . worth the money and i plan to buy more
good size and smellmany shapes for baby to handle and chewsoothe baby anxietynot a hard rubber i tried my self
so it's not an eddie bauer high chair . it's not fancy , but it is easy to clean and it buts snugly on most chairs .
this towel is adorable , and seems to hold up well in the wash ! ! we love the monkey theme ! !
exactly what i was looking for ! using the hangers for my 8 month old's clothes ! they're very cute and great quality .
these are cute plates . they are sturdy and have a little grip on the bottom , so they don't slip out from under my toddler while he eats .
whenever we are traveling we always make sure to pack these cups . my baby is always happy to see them . she never grows tired of them .
my daughter loves to chew on this and when i put toothpaste on it , i can easily clean her teeth .
these are great pacifier holders and can be easily washed - i even throw mine in the dishwasher frequently and they stay looking great .
these are a great buy , since you can buy the replacements disks to fix bottle leaks instead of buying entire bottles . i will order again .
these are so cute , they glow in the dark and work so well . easy to clean and spot when you are desperate to find !
our baby loves it . the different sounds it makes is wonderful . she doesn't get bored with just one sound . delivery was great
really soft and a good size for baby , can't wait to use it . the colors are as pictured , love zutano products .
love these . they are very soft , stay in place , absorb a fair amount and other people can't tell they are there !
just go with regular clippers . the magnifer is pointless , especially if you have an active little one . clippers are good though
my daughter loves owls , and this is perfect to throw a wet bathing suite or wet beach toys in ! super cute .
a perfect bag to travel with . fits my car seat with ease . a must have for travel and to check in your car seat .
it is good , but i do not think it is necessary to buy the four together , maybe two at the most .
these liners are super-soft for against baby's skin . we purchased these to send in my daughter's cloth diapers to daycare , and it works really well .
our little guy loves to make a mess when he eats and these bibs are fantastic . they've held up well through several trips in the washer / dryer .
this is ok for using on play pen it fit mine no problem and for use for your younger kids but rips easily .
perfect toy for babies . it plays classical music and the screen display is fun and keeps the baby's interest . i highly recommend this toy !
this mirror is great ... whether in the crib or stand alone ! it's nice & big and the crunchy material of the insects is very entertaining for baby !
certainly these are the best toddler spoons of any i've tried , and i've tried them all . the matching forks are also excellent .
cute waterproof bibs . patterns are true to picture . easily wipes clean . soft material . perfect for baby that is just starting to eat food .
brush is okay , but the nipple brush is too rough to use . it makes a lot of scrach on nipples . so overall i don't recommand it .
we have 2 . its a brilliant teether and great intro toothbrush . violet carries it all over the house ... in her mouth ! !
colors are good and bright . suction sticks ok on highchair tray . not as entertaining as we hoped . it was given as a gift .
i have owned several of these for my kids and definitely recommend them . it is oft and a great size .
my son liked this toy , but i don't think he played with it more than anything else . i wouldn't buy one again .
great cleaning tools ! i love that it works for other straw sippy cups also . i like a lot of oxo's products .
love this ! easy to use , wash and keep baby warm . my son outgrew it pretty quickly but i still love it !
these were great for the price . love that they are bpa free and come with covers too ! would definitely recommend .
my granddaughter loves it . she can hold it to place the pacifier in her mouth - - - a great idea . she also has a lamb .
cheaper than medela and work just as great . i would definitely recommend . they look just a little different . worth the money .
this works great . warms bottles fast and the times are right there on the bottle so you have a reference every time .
if you purchase the bottle then you must get a sleeve . without the sleeve the bottles get really hot during cleaning .
my little one loved it and slept on it pretty comfortably . it's pretty well made and comes in handy quite a bit .
these fasteners left huge holes in my prefolds . i paid too much for my diapers to have them turned into rags .
love the cute design and the material feels thick & hardy too . i've not test if it's waterproof yet . but it's a must have !
only spoons i use for my 6month old ! i dont know why they make use write more than we want to ...
the bags work as intended , they have a pleasant powder scent that is not gross like other brands . these are the best price as well .
love using these . waterproof and long enough to cover entire changing pad . they stay put on the changing pad and does not bunch up under baby .
my husband and i love these , we got them for our nursery and they are awesome . very easy to apply to the wall and super fun
my son didn't find it as engaging as all the other reviews . i wish i would have purchased the fp laptop for similar price instead .
love this . it is larger than you think it would be . it barks when you push on the nose . i think it is so cute .
this is a great bag with lots of pockets . the small details , like rings for stroller clips , make it a perfect diaper bag .
this mirror is bigger than i expected but is still a great toy for tummy time . my baby loves to see the baby in the mirror !
we got this for ourselves then boght 2 more for expectant friends ! has several products that came in handy for us !
works pretty well but this product is a little bit bulky in the freezer . i wonder if it really saving me space ?
i was looking for a classic baby book , gender neutral , without being frou frou . this fits the bill and asks for basic info without being overkill .
my boys really enjoy these . they each make a noise . they enjoy knocking them over after i stack them and chewing on them .
my son absolutly loves this and wont use any other passie ! ! ! no complaints ! ! ! no regrets ! it is made well !
everything moves . lots of attention grabbing movements . great purchase for my grandson . all babies like movement to try and mimic .
my husband loves these as an alternative to the shades that fit over the window . they never need adjustment and the kiddos can't mess with them as easily .
i've purchased these bibs multiple times , both for my baby and as gifts for others . they're much cuter than regular bibs . they've been a big hit !
does not stay put on the bath tub . poor quality . rarely uses it because it is so flimsy . cannot wait to return it
once again apple park is awesome ! i couldnt wait for my baby to get these blocks for christmas . little pricey but their products are always top notch !
the little guy likes to hold these bottles . easy to heat up , no nipple leaks , easy to clean and no gas . couldn't be happier .
love the product , looks and feels great . only one problem for me , didn't feet my table . so sad ... had to return .
exactly what i thought they'd look like ! no shiny texture just normal cotton and they look sturdy will follow up on h ow they wash
this is a must-have product in your home with a newborn , hands down . the slipcover is so soft and the color is great .
love these bibs by kushies ... they are a great fit , secures well in the back , and are easy to get on and off .
best carrier so far ! ! love this for my 8 month old . wish i had it earlier ! comfortable and easy ! :)
small , light , practical , simple , useful , resistant , and embracing at the same time . it's very helpful supporting many different bag sizes .
i'm sure it's a good product but our little one wasn't interested . he had the look on his face like ... " what is this ? "
this cover matches some folding storage boxes i use to store items on my son's changing table . it looks really nice and works as intended
this is great for those parents who have children that tend to open the oven when its hot or just in general . i absolutely love this product !
cheap cheap cheap ! keep looking for better quality items . the brush came to use with bristles falling out . item was returned to amazon .
fitted sheet fits great ! i was just looking for an extra sheet for my son's car themed room . the flannel feels nice .
the pink color is great ! motivated my very girlie 2 year old to want to start using the potty ! easy to clean , comfy to sit on .
this was the perfect pacifier for my baby and the only one she could stand after trying more than 10 types .
the banana flavour is not over whelming . i tried it myself.will for sure buy again and try another flavour .
the cotton is so soft and the mocha color coordinates with my chocolate colored organic cotton ergo baby carrier . no more drooly straps !
got the frog for my little guy and we all love it so much i got the duck for my new little nephew .
love this cup ! totally worth every penny ! my 11 month old son figured it out in a matter of seconds--now , we take it everywhere !
best sippy cups ever . they do not leak i have tried many and i love the fact that they are made in the usa .
my son loves this ! people have stopped and asked me ... is he eating a rib .. lol . the size was smaller once packaged arrive .
has deep pockets .. fits very well over my mattress and mattress topper .. washes well .. nice cottony feel . decent price
the kit is great . is as it shows in the photo . perfect for gift . avent is the brand which always give the best
east to install , and easy to use . they open just enough and are tough enough when i pull the door open forgetting it has a safety latch .
very cute and stylish and has worker perfect for carrying in the diaper bag for putting dirty blow out clothes in
our baby loves the " face " on this ... it would be nice if this rattle were louder and / or squeaked . one side is simply stuffed .
i like that they aren't color changing - - i can't imagine getting the spoons to change colors includes using a safe substance to put in my baby's mouth .
small one for diaper baglarge one for home usehave used numerous times nowand havent mis snipped even oncewhich makes mommy and baby very happy
no complaints from this consumer ! i'm sure at some point it will need to be replaced , but i have nothing negative to say yet !
everything good except that this could have been a little larger in size to fit all carts . this fits only small carts .
it's basically a piece of cheap fleece . very sloppy . the fit is really unflattering , too . made me look like a slob .
this pattern is perfect and the material is soft for my little one . the entire set including the mobile is high quality .
it's okay to use a fork to mash up food the food kind of gets stuck in the masher . it's a cute lil bowl though
my granddaughter loves this blanket . it's soft and fluffy , super comfortable . best of all it launders well if we have one of those accidents .
this is a a must have to save your low back from bending over and you babies arms from being pulled on .
i love the features , style and color . my son loves sitting in both seats and everything is really put together well . i would recommend this product .
nice size and changes a dresser into a change table just like that . i would buy it again . recommended by a grandmother .
nice freezer safe bags . we freeze breast milk and these work perfectly . not the cheapest but 25 bags lasts us a couple of weeks .
my 3 mths old loves this toy , i got it when she was just 2 mth and she just loves it .
great concept but my baby just hated it . we have used it only once and the baby hated it . she was fine with aden and anais swaddles .
fits our crib mattress perfect and is an exact match to the one that came with the bedding set we purchased !
16mos i'm still using this thing . from bottles to sippy cups to reusable smoothie pouches . still in good condition after all that time .
fits the dream on me 3 " foam mattress perfectly . trips are so much easier now since baby can sleep soundly in the pack and play .
easy to assemble . we didn't need the wheels and it looks fine with out them . easy to assemble , sturdier than similar priced ones .
i ordered these because they said slow flow , and they really are not in my opinion . i was expecting them to be a bit slower .
older kids will find a way to get their drink everywhere no matter what you use , but this is the best out there imho
i put this up in the nursery and love it ! super easy to put on and looks great on the wall !
it is good but not the best.it takes more theni expected for it to warm milk.instructions are notusefull at all.it just gives to estimate .
minha filha de 5 meses adora . excelente preo e qualidade . desenho interessante . da pra fazer varias brincadeiras . muito bom . perfeito
son muy buenos livianos prácticos y a un precio muy accesible apenas lo vi lo compre mantiene la temperatura de la leche de mi bebe
most of our friends and family are stumped by this lock , so i guess it does the trick . luckily , the kids can't work it , either .
if the lid isn't put on properly formula can move between compartments which will throw off how much you need to put into the bottle but otherwise very solid product
they are the perfect size for my kids . i juice my own fruits and veggies and use this tray to give them a nice healthy treat =)
durable and does the job . not flimsy at all . provides adequate seate coverage in an infiniti g35 . do feel it is a tad bit pricey .
works as expected . the color is an exact match . does what it is supposed to do . the bassinet still feels stable with these under it .
this is great to attach to the baby bed as well . our little guy pulls it down to look at himself all the time .
i like the fact that it has a carrying case . it's a bit thinner than the other teethers like munchkins , nuby , etc .
i love this because i could be able to brush my one yr old teeth and gun with out feeling does little bits that much
what a joke ! this item is very deceiving and is not for cribs . it should be labeled better . big disappointment ~
it might be an extra step and extra piece to clean , but the pros out-weigh the cons . prosdurableeasy to useconshard to clean
these work quite well right from the start , as long as you can get those little hands and feet held still long enough to use them .
the double sided tape only lasts so long , these have been up for a few months and now do not work as intended anymore .
i haven't used this product yet but it has a nice design that is easy for my baby to hold , i'm sure it does its job well
i love it ! ! adorable , soft , and classy design . i would absolutely recommend this . i get tons of compliments on it as well .
this is a good and solid product and was easy to put together . i would recommend this dresser . so far there are no complaints .
these cups are awesome . my daughter loves them and they are easy to clean . they only spill when held upside down and shaken .
these bottle are very economical . much cheaper then other fancier bottles . my baby likes them . they are easy to clean .
my little one enjoys it everyday from 4 months . it is safer comparing to the jolly jumper and more functions with it .
perfect size to cover the goods and super cute pattern . washes well and i love the little corners have a pocket and terry cloth for little clean ups .
this is the perfect size for tiny hands and is very cute . i would recomment this very your very young baby .
love these and wouldn't get anything else . product does what it is supposed to do and is well made . thanks !
absolutely love this bib ! it's adorable & durable ! the only downside is that spaghetti stains are quite noticeable & hard to remove on the light color .
this stroller worked great for my three year old while at disneyland . very sturdy and easy to manage in crowds .
i bought this to replace a matress from a sears baby bed . it fits good and the new baby is happy .
great product . easy to use and wash . baby seems to appreciate something to chew on .
this is a soft bassinet sheet ! ! it washes well and doesnt attract lint like other jersey material . i would recommend !
this doesnt really go with any bottles that i have . waste of amazon money . i would skip . be sure you have the right equipment
these continue to fit well after several washes . i will only buy this brand of crib sheets from now on .
great product for the winter in philadelphia . my daughter stayed nice and snuggly in this . i hope we get another winter of use out of it !
i bought this to stop having to clean or replace pacifiers . ever since i got this , my worries were over .
so much better than baby clippers ! loves that they are rounded at the end ... curved for baby's nails ... and the case is awesome !
this faucet extender works very well to help my son be able to wash his hands more independently . it's very easy to put on and take off .
excellent changing pad . still using it and it came in really handy after the baby was born . super padded and soft .
these are very easy to install and set up . they are easy to use . love them ! great for babies . thank you
this thermometer does not work at all . i should have listened to the terrible reviews . i threw it away yesterday . don't waste your money .
exactly what i needed . works great . good suction.perfect to go to and from work and everything fits inside the backpack .
my wife and i , love the burb clothsfor my new baby born im so happy . thank you so much donna
the lanolin really does come off onto your nips and helps with soreness . they are worth more $ $ than the regular ones .
great fit for the co sleeper that i have for my son to come . i washed them and they are ready to go .
we tried a few other bottles but always noticed air seeping in and bubbles forming . this came recommended from our pediatrician and it works perfectly . highly recommended .
if your looking for cotton this is not for you . synthetic and soft . not great for hot summer weather . the color is nice .
see my chewable necklace review . this is great too and i guess she can wear it when she's a bit older and will keep it on . ;)
works great ! doesn't hurt my back and my son loves to ride in it ! he falls asleep almost every time !
an absolutely must have and must buy . this product eases your mind in the temperature of the water for your baby .
good size and soft texture for beginner feeders . easy for babies to smoothly scrape the food off . handle nice length for feeding
easy to instal and perfect for protecting a toddler from the window . not the most attractive , but better than bars .
it is very claver product . it makes much easier for the child teach streem of running watter . i would recomend it .
the only thing with this shape is that sometimes the covers don't snugly fit . i think it's a decent pad though , and that's what's important .
the package comes with all the essentials for a new mom like me . good quality with good price . have them all the time in my diaper bag .
great toy ! it's very well made and my eight month old really likes it . she especially loves the milk toy !
thses crib sheets fit well and wash well . they have lasted the last 9 months and still look new ! love them
really nice color and meterial matching for my baby nursery and just ready for when baby gets home thank you
i used to use plastic grocery bags but these are the perfect size and a must have for the stinky diapers or when you are on the go .
these are awesome ! my six month old twins love it ! very easy to use and clean and no problems with the latch . best purchase ever !
i tried three to beign with and ahve since changed over all my bottles to tommee tippee . my little one loves them , and they work well
actually is better than the automatic one , plus , you can take it anywhere with you.ah ... great price too . absolutely recommend it .
like this chair . it's small , convenient and gets the job done . the back rest really helps the baby . would certainly recommend to others .
not good for us at all.it spills all over my bag . i don't know what to do with this . i don't like this sipster cup !
exactly what we expected it to be . if you're not willing to pay for innovation , this is not the stroller for you !
this is soo cute and such a good idea . but made just a little bit on the cheap side ! i replaced the string
it fits a lot of toys , it stays on and my daughter absolutely loves taking the toys out of it !
price-purpose-quality ratio , the best . he is now two and continues to incorporate this toys when he plays when building . love it .
for our son as a newborn . no problems with cleaning or melting in the dishwasher . avent products have done us well since our son was born .
this panda is perfect for tummy time , this is one of our son's first toys and he loves his panda ! we would definitely buy this again !
great product but not as thick as i would like . i used it during winter so my baby was in a thick winter clothing which provided extra cushion .
it keeps my little man moving around the living room . he chases after it and crawls while pushing it . this toy is well made and fun .
exactly what i was looking for - a light sheet for the summer , in a fresh bright color . fits the mattress perfectly
i bought these to prevent blowouts with our cloth diapers . they are easy to wash and rarely leak . i really like these covers .
i am obsessed with getting all the " boogs " out of my children's noses and this things absolutely does the trick . it's amazing .
great quality backpack fits little ones very well . very well made . i love the chest clip . we actually converted to feeding tube backpacks
these are the perfect size . they are not to moistured and works great ! i recommend these a lot and buy them over and over again !
adorable picture book for my baby girl . i love that it has a place next to every picture to wright down a memorie .
my baby uses this as a teether . it is the right size for her little hands and she seems to like the bristles .
these lids are very hard to get on and especially to get off . they don't leak which is nice but they are a struggle to use .
helpful to have on my umbrella stroller to keep my phone a keys handy . a good and useful purchase . ..
this mattress seems comfortable and it wipes cleans well . it fit nicely in our portable crib . happy with this purchase .
my son loved these but they were ruined after one cleaning in the dishwasher , kroger brand is much better .
this bra was essential for pumping , great value and was very comfortable . fit very well just as the description states
i have been using these bags from day one . great on the go , easy to use , they smell great and very durable . 100 % satisfied .
this kneeler is definitely a nice cushion on my knees if they get sore . i like all the pockets to store random bath items as well .
i bought this mirror because i didn't want to get a mirror that would distort my baby's face , it does the job and she loves it !
i could not live without this pillow ! it was well worth the money . i only wish i had made the purchase sooner !
bought for my 4 month old grandson who loves all the crinkly , furry , cuddly , noisy , chewy parts of his toy . great buy .
very very soft breathable cotton fabric.fits perfects on the ' dream on me 3 " playard mattress ' sold by amazon . i would purchase again .
hard to put the over on - but they worked pretty good and the food was pretty easy to pop out .
this works great for a child that does not need to be buckled it.you can wipe the surface clean so easily . i love the bold , fun color .
have been using this for a month now and it is great . definitely recommend it if you want a quality changing pad .
we love these bottles because they really do help with excess gas and spit up . this size is great for preemie or newborn babies .
i though this clay came with the stand ; the picture is misleading . it takes a few tries before you get it right , but works well !
bought this for my visiting grandchildren , but they potty trained so fast that we didn't need it . that's a good thing .
yes , this one is must have items for us ! we love this . and easy to use ! we bought 3 packs
love the toofeze . i have about 20 different types of teethers and this is the one that my son loves best .
my baby loves these spoons , would definitely recommend these ! love the flat tip , makes it easier to clean around babies mouth to shovel food back in .
as expected . great item and fits on to the even flo breast pump and convenient for storage . good price as well
these diaper covers really do their job ! they are easy to use , easy to clean , and come in many cute colors and patterns !
they work great if you keep them at the angle that is recommended on the packaging . otherwise my 16 month old was able to open the lid .
secure , handles city sidewalks fine . most of all i love the huge basket underneath . i wish our stroller had a basket this big !
other plastic place mats slide all over the place . this one actually stays put . i wish they had the alphabet or numbers on it though .
it's very cute but the giraffe head is pretty big and i think it would be rather uncomfortable for my baby to sleep on it or roll over it .
dindt fit very well my baby trend carseat . find stay in place as the picture , but is ok . i am good with it .
this is great to use in the living room as well as the changing table . can be moved around very easily and works great for comfort while changing baby
i have used this car seat for three years and had no issues so far . it is durable and still working fine .
just what i was looking for . they stay stuck , but peel off easily . i don't know how they do it , but it's perfect .
this is a nice fitted sheet and the fabric seems to be durable . i've washed it a few times and it washes really nicely .
really practical and necessary to protect the seat , easy to clean and good quality material . folds and stores in small space when not needed .
love this product , is the only soap i use on my cloth ! ! !
this is really perfect for covering restaurant high chairs , which for some reason - even in the nicest cleanest restaurants can be so gross !
these were great starter spoons , but only really worked for oatmeal . luckily , my son loves oatmeal , so we used it as spoon practice food .
we have two britax car seats but this didn't work with either of them . what a bummer . i'd really like to find something similar .
really liked the good price . sad that this doesn't fit either toilet . also , the plastic smells and the splash guard is too short for my boy .
this set is by far the easiest for my toddler to pick up food and actually get it in his mouth . highly recommend .
these wipes are soft , gentle , and work well . we love using these as an alternative to disposable wipes , and the colors are fun , too .
we are using fitteds and these covers are prefect . they allow for extra stuffing if need be , are easy to care for and hold up really well .
if you are tired picking up pacifier or caring multiple pacifiers , this is a must have , especially in places like stores , restaurants , etc ...
delivered promptlyproduct is smaller than original coveri had to air dry the cover fear of shrinkagein search of a better fitted cover .
makes multitasking when feeding much easier . the cover is so soft and washes up nicely . easy to take off and put back on .
i have used these over and over . i will cut up apples , bananas , etc and freeze them for later use . keeps food fresh .
i was hesitant to purchase these because of the price for just 2 spoons , but these are great . i recommend these above the cheaper multi-packs .
this diaper bag is so cute & the best part is it is also functional ! i get compliments on it all the time .
品质非常好 , very good ! ! this is rest easy spoons , because this spoons there is a very good design , on the table will not dirty
i wish the base was a bit more rigid everytime you open the main pocket zipper it flops completely open .
great product . it works perfectly . it stays in place after multiple washes in the dishwasher and it is easy to use .
these pop on a door without any hardware and latch / unlatch easily ( for adults ) . keeps the kiddo out as needed . recommended .
these are a good idea - but what a mess ! they don't latch together and you'll spill milk all the way to the freezer .
my daughter enjoys eating food from these trays . very solid built . colors are nice too . easy to clean . good space to divide food .
este movil es practico para el bebe , tiene varias melodias , es muy seguro y mi bebe lo ha disfrutado mucho , mi mejor compra hasta el momento .
a fantastic small investment to make sure your newborns word is as sanitary as possible . the color is calm .. beautiful and highly recommended . easy to use .
bought this for my daughter for her easter basket . she likes the small size , noises , and the fact it has a handle for easy carrying .
i bought my grandson both the smaller and larger versionsi would recommend these products to anyone . a great sleep aid .
great idea , helped when i needed to take baby milk powder on the go . has a couple of sections and you can make portions easily . would recommend
great basket . i love the top that has holders for the bottle nipples , caps , pacifiers , etc . smart design . i'd buy again .
this beanie fits my daughter's head well and it does its job beautifully by tilting her head to one side . would recommend !
works great for my 2 year old son to keep him seated . just the right height for the table and easy to clean
we used the product for about 2 weeks until it fell apart . i've probably should have sent it back but i have decided , not to bother .
these were impossible to clean , thus making them not " reusable " . i returned them .
liquid got in between the cup and handles and stained it . other than that it is a nice sippy cup .
an absolute must have for cloth diapering . i rest it in the toilet , spray and protect myself from splashing messes !
works well and is neutral . can get a little discoloration . mine has a little gray tinge , but i am not sure why .
i bought the espresso color mini crib . it was easy to assemble . it looks classy , accommodates small spaces , and weighs very light .
this is very easy to clean , very adjustable , and cute ! love oxo products ! this is the second one i have purchased .
these are great for my 1 year old . colors are great and they won't break . ;) has been through dishwasher many times and still look new :) )
this is a great way to prevent sippy cups or toys from falling to the floor while baby is using them . super idea .
does what it is supposed to . fit my convertible crib fine ! projection works perfectly , sound is not too loud , very soothing tunes
these are not as thin as mg baby's bamboo inserts but still a little thinner than the microfiber ones . absorbent and easy to wash .
it is soft and cuddly . our grandson loves his hippo and the little hippo head helps keep the blanket in place
my daughter got these for christmas . the are cute but she normally passes this up and goes straight for her rubber fish .
love it that this can be hung on the door . used this for a couple months now . perfect for a weekend away .
perfect for securing our forward facing car seat for our 20 month old in the front seat of our older ford van ( no air bag ) .
i cannot say enough about how fantastic this pacifier is . my daughter has grown so attached to the " froggy " . it saved us many long nights .
love these bags for on the go . bought the clip to attach to the diaper bag . a must for all diaper bags .
this was ok . i used it during tummy time and she liked looking at it and her attempts to touch it
it was disappointing that the cover came just for 1 bowl ... so , i am not sure i would buy it away .
what a great musical toy ! i highly recommend it . our kid loves it , plays with it all of the time .
i figured this toy would be softer , but it does what it needs to when my son decides to grab onto something to shake around .
- secures toys well - straps are strong and of good length that doesnt cause tangling or too short for a baby to reach the toys - nice colors
this bag meets all expectations . it won't carry a high capacity of bulk items , but it gets the job done !
these utensils are smaller than i expected , and not as good quality . they are pretty cheap plastic . nice colors though . i wouldn't buy them again .
i am a larger chested woman and this did not work for me . it rolled down and would not stay put .
my daughter loves the penguin ! she plays with it in and out of the bath tub . the animals are soft , perfect for teething mouths !
i like these larger bottles because i can store milk from two medea milk storage bottles in just one bottle .
i love 3 sprouts bins , i use this for our baby blankets . so roomy and cute ! i definitely want to buy more in the future .
after almost a year of constant use , this glider holds up well.the fabric is soft and easy to clean.every nursery needs one !
these food cutters make cute little shapes with your food . easy to use and cuts the food to the perfect size for little fingers .
we use it to drip dry stuff after we get it out of the sterilizer . holds up a lot of stuff
this is a very cute and sturdy blanket . it's very warm so more of a winter blanket but this is why i bought it .
love it . great quality unlike others i have gotten . very soft and feel like it keep my baby warm since i can't use a blanket
this is a cute little duck , but the hot indicator on the bottom is hard to tell if there is a range of acceptable heat in the tub .
these labels are fantastic ! i've placed them on my son's bottles and have washed them numerous times and they are still intact ... like new ! they're great !
my daughter loves these as they are washable . good quality material . the item arrived prmptly . i would recommend this product .
this is a must have , it is a fantastic product , for anyone with a baby . we purchased a second for grandparent's house .
i love that it is easy to use and clean . plus it makes it easy for my 1 year old to eat his sandwiches now .
it is a good quality product . color , fabric , material exactly as described.very usefull and almost a necesarry must have ...
our baby boy loves these ! ! ! he's 7 wks old and just starting to hang on to them .. these are very soft !
the bin is high quality and the design is so cute . i used it as a basket to put in our shelf and works great . highly recommended .
wheels are helpful . size is not big enough for our large booster seat chair . it seems pretty durable though over a couple trips now .
i am sort of a cheapy so i went with product because of the good price but its definitely good quality ! :) also quick delivery !
fits perfectly onto my bobby . the pattern is fun and colorful , easy to clean soft surface . would buy again and recommend to others .
a must have . we use it everyday multiple times a day for the last 4 1/2 months .
i love the way it folds up into its own little bag . the style & color are cute too !
this was a good find . i always have trouble getting jeans to fit my little ones in the waist . now it problem is solved .
this is just as described and works well . it can be a little cold on my baby's back and is very thin , but i still love it .
this diaper works really great . i use it as an overnight diaper . no leaks ! i also use it with a hemp babies doubler also .
i purchased the smaller size and they still work on my very petite toddler . someday i'll have to get the next size but for now they're good .
my daughter used to love slobbering all over this . it was also great when she started teething . plus its ridiculously cute !
bumkins waterproof starter bib is perfect for my 7 months old , it is small , light , easy to fasten and easy to clean .
everything you need , daughter loves it ... baby probably hates it , lol ... good to have more than one of these sets .
get one . this toy was favorite of my granddaughter until she hit about six months old . a great entertainer for long car rides .
this thing is awesome , love it ! my kid loves it and it's really good.fyiit does leak , so don't just let your child use it anywhere .
great wall accents for teddy bear bedding and don't ruin the walls its a static cling decal . perfectly safe for the painted or treated walls .
seemed to do what it was supposed to do how it was supposed to do it . had no issues with inserting or removing carseat . seemed very stable .
this is easy to use and maintain . just have to make sure to keep it level on all the time ... works great
the best pump ever ! i could get 10 oz in 15 minutes ! i loved it ! i would totally recommend this to a friend !
my baby loves chewing on this teether and i have the peace of mind , knowing it's made of natural rubber and doesn't contain any toxins .
my son loves the color and the shape ... he plays with it more than he uses it lolwould purchase again
this base is so easy to install . two clicks and you're finished . i really liked that there are three ways to install .
looks very elegant . the classic rubber duck ! baby loves it and it just beautifies he bath . good material - seems durable . lovely colors .
these pacifiers are really good . the design is perfect and they work vere well . my baby is happy with these pacifiers .
much longer than the 24mm shields . it is not a big deal but just a little awkward sticking out so far .
my little one loves this and because there's so many links , i have lots of them everywhere so that he can pick them up to play anytime .
i just love the animal prints on this diaper . this will be perfect for my grand baby deon . he's going to be so cute in them .
this is okay but the bugs on the rattle are glued on loosely and the foot socks do not fit well
i've used this on my two babies , and it works wonderful . they enjoyed being snugged and slept better through the night . i think these are great !
decided to buy more expensive samsung monitor instead.this one seemed more complicated than the samsung and the camera was making a beeping noise one day for no apparent reason .
i have to say that they are a great buy . recommend to any one who is nursing and does not want to spend a fortune on disposabel pads .
great product . it will take some time to be able to use it with one hand , but it covers the whole seat , and is super cute .
very happy with our purchase ! so much cheaper than in stores or their online sites . baby falls right to sleep when we lay him down !
you need a bag that fits the diaper as well as the tissues and this is not big enough . dont waste money on it
this is a great over and comes in such cute colors ! i can't wait to use it in a cart or high chair .
every new mother needs a few of these otherwise passies end up on the ground , lost , dirty , etc . they are easy to clip on too !
we used these bottles for our last two babies , and were so happy to see they now offer a bpa free bottle , too !
we have tried several others bottle brands but ultimately we have preferred these dr . brown wide neck bottles over all the others .
love this sleepsack , keep homs comfortable and it fits perfectly . i bought other brands and some were too tight
i bought it for my 19 months toddler . it is so convenient to use and reading is very quick and seems very accurate . excellent product !
this tubing fits perfectly into the medela pump . i couldn't be happier with it . it is great to have a spare set .
my daughter loves this toy . we've owned it for several months now and she still loves it . great price , great product , couldn't be happier .
this holds great and is super cute . great unisex piece for a shared bathroom . i like it alot and would recommend it .
this changing pad is just as good as the one at target and way cheaper . it has a good amount of padding and lasts a long time .
had to use one of these from the start . it's comfortable and the baby doesn't mind . easy to use . very light weight .
i loved that my daughter could hold it but it wasn't as good for teething as i had hoped . i am glad we bought it to play with .
i love have extra parts ! ! it has made going anywhere so much easier . the package came really quick as well .
this is great ! the cleaning brushes get into the straws of my son's sippy cups and are lifesavers ! there was no way to get in there before !
so handy to have . i didn't want anything with loud patterns and this is perfect , very pretty . works great .
the product is entertaining but painful for the teethers that want to put it in their mouth . still worth the purchase keeps baby intrigued
we like this organic cotton one more than the regular jersey sheet . it feels thicker and softer and better in quality . fits the mattress well too .
very useful pitcher for making formula in badges . takes very little time to mix the formula with clear volume markings . easy to clean and good quality .
they work alright at first . but if you don't change the out soon enough , they will fall apart making a mess !
i would have lost so many pacifiers over the past two years if it was not for these grips ! love them !
we had an older diaper genie at my mom's house and it finally broke . for the price , this was a great replacement !
works well . it has cut-outs to place bottle parts in the basket and fits well on the top rack of the dishwasher .
my baby has reflux spits up a lot . these are not waterproof at all ! everything leaks through ! i would not recommend these !
wonderful sheet set for toddlers ! the sheets are comfortable , the pillow case cute and the comforter was really nice . lovely set .
needed these because didn't want to keep new milk in freezer ( we have a 7 week old ) . oz was readable .
easy to assemble.very handy for drying bottles and accessory . plus it look so cute.it absolutely has no problem in holding up born-free glass bottles.highly recommend
i love these plates but i regret ordering them from amazon as i would bought them cheaper 3 $ in my target store .
모양이 귀엽자나요 ㅋㅋㅋ나 이렇게 리뷰남겨도 되는지 몰러아직도 11 워드남았네띄어쓰기를 늘 려 볼 까 나3워 드 1
i thought this ball was so cute . but it rarely gets played with . the dog really likes it tho and i have found it outside several times .
it's a very simple product , i use it with my toddler and she smiles sometimes with it . i love that it doesn't make noises and sounds ...
cheap and thin looking . i am still using it with our crib though because i never actually look at it too much . it's just there . :)
good looking and stable when you finish a so so assembly . so far is a good first bed for our daughter .
totally not working ! returned it . you had to add hot water to heat the bottle while it does not work .
i really liked the glass bottles since they are completely chemical free and easy to sterilize . but was afraid of breaking them - well this sleeve solves that problem
great for feeding , easy to store leftovers . we only needed one because we wash and dry after each use . i recommend this one to my friends .
good price , better then the foam blade ones cause kids can stop the flow of air - perfect for what i needed for my girls
not a really elaborate item . should last for a while . this is in 2 parts and slides apart to hang on the tub . does the trick .
i bought this for my new born son , and the brush is very good , he is very comfitable using it .
flow seems adequate for a 6 month old . baby seems to like it . it seems to be a good buy .
i love that the parts are able to fit my current honey colored bottles . easy to assemble and looks good ! baby seems to like it too .
the brush is reaaaly soft . and my daughter was born w lots of hair . the comb is really gently too . doesn't scratch her head skin .
this set is perfect with the suction on the bottom . it won't slide while the little ones are trying to eat cereal and fruit . love these products .
straps work . my daughter thinks they are a toy too . the extra snaps allow you to fit it on anything and adjust the length .
these are a lot smaller than i thought . it's ok but hard to use so i returned mines . kept one to cute food .
after much research this mattress came highly recommended . it fits perfectly in our baby's crib and we are very happy with it .
very easy to use and i love that this is one less contributing factor that i have to worry about as it relates to sid
this has come in handy for our newborn . we love the medicine bottle we use it all the time . we love this product
i've been using these as burp cloths and they are excellent . compared to the gerber cloths , these are much softer , thicker and more absorbent .
pattern was super pretty . i could not get the elastic band to stay open easily.when washed the fabric gets pretty wrinkly and who has time to iron ?
returned this item , because we received 2 . son loved this toy from 18 months . he still plays on it at 2 years old .
great quality and so beautiful . easy to assemble if you have someone that's good with tools and instructions . love the drawer underneath for extra storage
we tried lots of pacifiers and this one was our sons favorite . i like that it is all natural and shaped like a nipple . great pacifier .
the scissors are adorable . hope to have an update soon after my bundle of joy is welcome to the world . smiles ...
awful . wouldn't stay affixed to the corners of our counter tops . lasted less than a week before we abandoned them altogether .
great for pumping in the car on the go or just on break at work . it's nice to have options .
a lot of mother is recommended to use this.it looks very good . i like it very much . it is very practical
i got it because i thought it looked cute and modern , i very happy that its very nice to use as well .
works will for my grandson when he comes to visit . looked at several and this was the one i decided on . glad i did .
these have lasted through weeks of washing and still look good . i had been writing my baby's name on day care bottles once a week before these .
i bought this series for my daughter for potty training and it is perfect for our little bathroom . love it .
never leave home without these . great for dirty diapers and dirty clothes when my baby has a blowout on the go .
they tear very very easily . i like the pump , but hate to constantly replace these valves . be careful washing them .
i originally purchased another fan and man it didn't put out any air . this little guys is powerful plus it's not super tacky looking .
our kid loves them , we have the giraffe as well . it stays in his mouth and he rubs the feet and that calms him down as well .
this was the best little toy we had bought so far . our daughter loved it ... she likes that it makes noise and all the accessories ...
i was looking for a blanket for my newborn that wasn't too thick or thin . this is perfect size and color .
american baby company 100 % organic cotton interlock fitted pack n play sheet is well made but i wished it was a little thicker in the fabric used .
my child loves this teether ! she chews on it all the time . the bumps really feel good on her gums .
this puzzle has sturdy material , brightbuy colors , and elmo ! who wouldn't love sesame street-it's timeless and yet fresh-you will not be disappointed .
my son who refuses to be fed by me will now eat yogurt ! these things are super helpful . they're great !
love great product for babies .. easy to clean .. my wife just love it and does not take a lot space .. recommend it 100 %
i used it to go back to work . it's spacious ( can fit up to 6 breast milk bottles ) and the ice packs do their job nicely .
these are the only spoons i've tried and they work pretty well . i like the bright colors and soft tips . it's also very inexpensive .
this is the best gift you can give a new mother . babies love her and she is indispensable during the teething process .
this is very cute ! pretty pink ! it stays soft wash after wash . it looks very nice in bedroom . i would buy it again .
my son has had several potties , and this one is easy to clean , does the trick , and the price was right ! no complaints .
this replaced the cheapy one that was in the bassinet that my friend loaned us . it is nice and thick and sturdy . we loved it !
these are a great idea but didn't work for me . our cords are thick and long and wouldn't fit inside the box .
my 8 month old has been playing with this for 5 months . well worth the money .
my daughter loves this set and she uses it daily and it still looks like we just bought it yesterday ( its been about 5 months now )
perfect ! if the little one needs a binky , this is a great way to keep it close . really a very good buy !
very soft and love the light lavender color and the print on the reverse side ! fits perfectly on to my existing boppy pillow
these locks install very easily . the true test will be when my 3 year old grandson attempts to defy them .
i bought these to put a swing and they fit great . i also put them on the car seat and my baby loves looking at them .
higt quality in special for avent products . bristles are wide but i think it is equally useful for other brands of bottles
real good product and a fair price ! i would recommend it for every mom ! it is also microwave and dishwasher safe !
my daughter likes these a lot . i also like them since they help prevent spills but without a lot of small and difficult to clean parts .
impression material does not work . would not keep the impression , it springs back . the frame is nice but not worth it if can't get an impression .
this is well positioned on the car sear rear and has a contoured mirror so you can easily see baby . this was worth the purchase .
it is a good product and is comfortable for the baby sleep better . i like a lot and use again for my next baby !
i have a 4 month old and she just loves watching the lights on this fan and its great that its totally safe
we use the dr . browns bottles , with all the parts this thing rocks . versatile for other cleaning besides bottles and cups .
i bought this for my friend . she's about to have a baby . and she likes it . i guess that means everything .
i've tried a few other brands and they end up causing frustrating messes and head for the trash . these are so reliable ! highly recommend .
the product design is inefficient and we couldn't use it for our newborn , the velcro wassn't wide enough for our baby's head
lots of cute little wash cloths at a great price ! we use them to wipe noses , clean up spills , and of course , as wash cloths .
these work well , getting them in the diaper dekor is a little annoying . i also prefer the biodegradable ones .
bought this to fit the pack n play at the hotel . it fits great and provides good comfort for my son . he is sleeping much better now .
gro baby and gdiapers are our diaper of choice . these are much softer than the original soaker .
i shop for so many bags this one as at all for the baby roomy nice to carry all and a very nice mat ...
great product . but i missed the information about how to sterilise it . it was not available on the cart of the product .
so far , so good ! i'm using the larger basket in the top rack of my dishwasher for my breast pump accessories . no complaints !
terrible like the bottles , flimsy nipple causes leaking even when used notch up like instructed . collapses in during feeding . not my baby's or my favorite .
my on started using this when he was 4 months . great product and very lightweight.love the bright colors . this is a great starter toy .
they are so soft . and i think they will big enough to swaddle baby in summer . and it's good choice to be a carseat cover .
we have a flat changing pad that came with our furniture . this fits well , is very soft and stands up well to the washer / dryer .
cute for storing diapers and wipes and other small baby items.once little one gets bigger it would be good to carry small toys . made a great gift basket .
its cute but i would have like to have more blank pages and pictures sections some sections i thought were unneccicary
love the price of this little chair . my little girl uses it all the time and loves that it is just the right size for her !
the picture doesn't match the product , but it's still a great set . word of warning though , don't try to sterilize the medicine dropper - it melts !
i bought for storage for breast milknothing wrong .. perfect size to just put in the cooler and get goingwent perfectly with my medela breast pump
i bought this towel as a standby . its thicker than i expected and absorbent enough . thinking of buying the " i love daddy " this time .
this is a really cute storage box for toys . my 18 month old daughter loves it . the quality is really nice as well .
durable , high quality bottle caps . will fit a standard sized bottle . they worked very well for me and i have no complaints .
its a good gift for someone who is going to have a babycheap and good for newborn ... i love it
great bib . it's waterproof but made of safe materials . i wipe it or throw it in the wash after a feeding and it's ready to go .
extremelly pleased with this product . fits perfect in our 2011 ford edge limited . highly recommend for anyone who has leather seats and doesn't want them ruined .
this mat is both pretty and good quality . thick , easy to fold and to wipe clean . i would definitely buy again and recommend to others !
nice product but it didn't fit my graco safeseat 32 . if i had a smaller infant seat , i'm sure i would have really liked it though .
i got this as a gift for someone it was very cute and i am sure that they loved it . would buy again
great gift for any new mom . my daughter was so excited to receive these items.great weight for summer . i would definately recommend . very happy .
my daughter is still using this seat . i like that it attaches right to the chair at the dinner table .
this sheet fits great and is really soft . it's a nice addition to my daughter's room . carter's is a great brand .
love this product . we use it daily for small trips to grocery stores and what not . it's awesome and easy to use .
they weren't as good as i had hoped . meaning the forks were blunt and smaller than expected . my 1 year old son didn't really care about that ...
it does the job of protecting little heads and allows the shower to run at the same time . no smell , looks cute .
bought this to use with the scalp brush and it cleared my son's scalp almost instantly . i will definitely continue using this ! awesome product !
not quite as soft as i had hoped or the name imply's ( spasilk ) but it is a good value for the amount of cloths you get .
i wish these were a tiny bit larger , but they work very well for quick diaper changes in the car , etc .. i'm glad we bought them !
perfect for the little one and i love that the comb is curved so it follows the shape of the baby's little head !
toy is exactly as described ; baby just doesn't like it very much . prefers the orajel munchkin teether and the lifefactory teether .
easy to use and straight to the point ! shopped fast and stick very well to any onesie ! the colors are bright and perfect for monthly photos .
my baby really love this toy . it has all that she needs and will grow with it . i'm really happy with this product
these are cute sheets that fit snuggly around the standard crib mattress . they also withstand repeated machine washes well , which you will need for a newborn !
perfect size and depth for a variety of foods for my little one . i love that they are dishwasher safe . now if only they were microwaveable too .
love love love diono everything amazing quality . so happy to have found this ! ! ! will buy another for other car
nice cup that has a removable disk that is made to slow down liquids as it comes out . nice thick plastic cup .
they are great . wish the opening were a little bigger to use with yogurt pops . but my kids love them .
not sure if it is the brest pillow itself but this is tough to put on the pillow . it works but it's a hassle
purchased two swim diapers for playing in the baby pool at daycare . they work perfect and seem to be comfortable too .
very handy and easy to use . it does hurt my back after a while and i have a pretty small baby compared to most women i see .
cute but too small for to use for breakfast . even too small in our opinion for snack so we sent it back .
unfortunately this cup just didn't work for our daughter . it constantly leaks . luckily we only got 1 , so it wasn't a big loss .
this is the best brush , ihad 2 others and the top sponge always breaks . ihave had this one for 3 months now and it's the best .
loved how big the mirror is , my children love it as well , bought two and do not regret it at all
it works fine . but the problem is that it has not too much room for the 9oz bottles . i can only put two 9oz bottles into it .
i love the lavendar bedtime bath , but these are too harsh for babys skin , especially excema ... go with aquaphor baby wash .
used it for my son's bris . looked nice and elegant for the occasion . good price . would definitely recommend to others .
we have triplets and these bumpers are great ! they look good and are soft and breathable , no worries for our little ones !
this sheet fits the bjorn traveller perfectly . it's cheaper than the name brand one . but it's just a sheet , nothing amazing . no complaints .
soft and cozy . well made . should hold up well with washing . pattern was true to color . our little guy sleeps do much better on these
works well and fits good on the seats in each of our cars . my son likes the two cup holders ... lol .
great jungle rug and very cute by my doll's room door . fits under a door in a carpeted room if anyone is wondering . love it ~ !
their bottles . i can't imagine that it matters unless the baby is gassy , which most babies are at some point for short or long time .
this is a nice rattle . bought it for our 5 month old granddaughter and she seems to like it alot .
its perfect for the baby bag . it's very convent it hooks on and off without a problem . i love this product .
i love that it is easy to wipe down and folds up well , also provides a little padding . would purchase it again for sure .
living in the caribbean this is a must for those rainy day walks or ones closer to dusk . easy to set up and still allows plenty of light in
love the sassy brand stuff ! ! loved by my baby ! the little lady bug spins and rattles and they have crinkly parts .
easy on , easy off . i end up adjusting these every so often and the stick is still very clingy , which is great .
i don't think they are any better then platex drop in's . just they have more parts to clean .
looking forward to using this . didn't have one for my first child and we all know babies can be messy .
this is so cute and soft and cuddly . love that it is organic . my daughter is 5 months old and enjoys playing with her .
this makes pumping very easy , i am broad so i love how the velcro backing for easy sizing , and quite comfy too !
it's easy to get on and off our counter . this is perfect for our needs .
keeps the little guy off the stairs and is easy to use . love that you can keep the gates open when he is asleep .
our baby girl hated being swaddled , but we've found tons of other uses for these nice lightweight and durable blankets . plus they are uber-cute .
it's a regular tray with a lid . not anything fancy at all . i think there are better designs out there for baby food and breast milk .
no smell and great pictures on both sides . very educational for baby . cushy neigh and very bright and interesting .
this is adorable but the waffle fabric is not very soft . it's actually kind of scratchy . and we've washed it several times .
it could be thicker . the material is a little thin but it has resisted the movement , the beating and the wash .
delivered timely , item as described , very nice and well made just as pictured , we are very happy .
this diaper doesn't last overnight for my 19 month old , even adding extra inserts.it does last a two hour nap .
i simply love it ! just got it today and it is roomie and very durable ! cant wait to start to use it !
easy , perfect portions . simple to wash , dishwasher safe , all around a great purchase . i'm very pleased with this purchase . thank you .
my wife bought these and uses them , they work just fine with no complaints . i need six more words here .
great product but my son wasn't into them . i think we introduced them too late but it mimics breastfeeding very well . best pacifier i've seen out there .
this diaper leaked the first time i put it on my son and was more pricey than my other diapers , so i'm giving it 4 stars .
my nephew loves it and it is easy to carry in the car or on the stroller . really nice music and design
these are great ! my daughter loves chewing on them while i am holding her and they look like a real necklace and not just a chew toy
these worked great for my twins . i was able to use it with them before 9 lbs due to the velcro .
you can just buy regular pacifier wipes and don't need to spend as much on these . but i liked them and they were definitely soothing .
good quality , one side softer than the other , just the oval shape doesn't help for storage ( never know how to fold them ! )
absolutely a great deal for the price ! daughter loves them and i like that they go in the fridge not freezer !
this activity balls lends for hours of endless play and entertainment . there is just so many different things for the baby to learn and enjoy .
great to use when baby starts solids , making poopy cloth diapers easy to clean . wish they were a bit wider , but best that i've tried .
these are the best infant spoons . nice grip , soft enough to be easy on gums , but firm enough to support the food without bending .
this was a gift for my newborn grandson and i'll buy more of them for next baby shower . it's very important for our travels .
i have this pad for almost 2 years now , and it is great . it's easy to wash and clean , and it still looks good .
good-sized and comfortable . i have twins that are almost 3 . one pillow has survived a washing so far . overall , i'm happy with these .
love that its 12 ounce . just ordered another one for my daughter . it did spill some water out one time bc i didn't have it snapped closed .
my daughter chewed on it a little , but actually ended up preferring metal teething rings . she liked playing with it more than nibbling on it .
we got this to go along with onther kids line 123 jungle stuff . it is perfect for our small nursury .
i love what i got , not sure how well it works yet since we have no dirt diapers yet , but i will try to update .
i don't like how it moves around so i have to keep adjusting it . yes , i can see the baby and for the price it's okay .
this product is great . it does get moldy if you never take if off the spout . remove after each bath to dry and it should be fine !
if you are looking for a safe teether toy for your infant , buy this . it is adorable . i get asked about it constantly .
slow flow great for newborns . good for feeding , but bottles leak when on the go so you'll need the travel caps .
this toy has many textures and colors . it is easy to hold and soft . the crinkly part is my granddaughter's favorite .
great for a baby shower favor ! something different . a little expensive but if you are planning a special event , it's worth the price .
the design is really cute , but its a little loose when i put it on the bumbo seat . cant be too picky tho . i like it
i really liked this memory book , it has all the sections that i could think off to write about my little girl .
super well constructed . easy installation . easy to use ( note : it swings from a hinge . no bar to step over like some swing gates . )
i expected this album to be a little bigger but it's still nice , guess i should have read the dimensions
i really have enjoyed using this . all bottles , sippy cups and drink ware just has it's own place . everything dries and is easy to clean .
matches my baby's owl theme room ! love the colors . very girlie and sweet ! good condition . and the size is perfect .
did what it was supposed to , help the nipple in place and fit other bottles beside medela . would reccomend them .
this is a great starter set that works perfectly with my medela breastpump . i like that it's dishwasher safe too .
this is a great product , no leak ! the design is cute.my son his nearly 6 months and drinks from this sippy cup with no problem .
nice looking , large and comfortable for my chubby little butter ball , and it rolls smooth . i can move it outside in the patio very easily too .
this keeps my stuff cool . it's not too bulky and it easily fits 3 medela 5 - oz bottles and a couple of cooling packs .
we love sophie ! got as a gift and love it for my daughter to have it ! toy is light and soft .
i have tried every pacifier under the sun , i have spent a fortune and my daughter only likes these must have
works great no leaks and have no problems with it working . only thing was i had to go buy some parts to put it on my toliet .
this us a really nice set of play balls . the colors are great and it's a really good value . happy overall with my purchase !
loved these gates . i bought 2 for my house and they were easy to install and i love that they are the " tall " ones too
i like baby einstein toys for babies , and his one it is very easy and affordable , plus my baby likes it !
these are giant ! if you need to pad your bra these are for you . if your bra barely fits from engorgement get lamosil pads .
i wish the spoons were a bit smaller or less square . they are the size of a regular spoon . forks seem appropriately sized .
the gate is a little short but otherwise a great choice especially with the swinging door ... makes it nice and easy
daughter loves elmo . good set . bpa free . holding up well . use a lot ! would recommend to future buyers ! would buy again !
we have several of these . they never get old . they have been chewed , smashed and otherwise loved . totally durable , totally fun .
super cute and fun ! i put on fleetwood mac and my baby loves to hear me follow the rhythm . great buy .
this is the easiest car seat i have ever used . it is well made and so easy to install . the overall appearance is very attractive .
they work great ! just don't clip in the wrong spot because they don't unclip . that is the downside to these .
my 5 - month-old loved gnawing the different nubs on this soft teether . good size for gripping & waving around . made in the usa ! !
a lovely accent to our baby room . i added this to my glider chair to give them room more life .
this is one of the better baby products i have purchased . easy to use and it really works . j j
this is a great idea but the adhesive does not stick . i would not use this product or recommend it to anyone .
i love this , but my baby hated it ! it was very adorable , however he hated being wrapped up in it .
this is a must if you don't want to keep buys baby socks as they are very easily lost .. perfect for small items like that
love boon products . i have received many complements on this drying rack . really functional , and easily dries bottles and all their little parts .
though they easily bend and can get ruined , the designs are great for the monthly photos i've been taking of my baby boy .
excellent product to have with convertible car seat . it well protect the seat of your car and your baby will enjoy riding without any problem .
this material comes out in puffs , not safe for the baby . i am returning itthey colors are very nice though
not only protects crib , protects my son from hitting his head too hard on rails . velcro stays put , easy to wash .
i love these pacifier clips ! i will continue to purchase these clips as i have more children . they are amazing !
to many stuffed toys so we got them up off the floor . nice to have when the room is a little cluttered on the floor .
great product ! very durable and very cute ! comes with nice case good for travelling with silverware . dishwasher durable as well
so cute ! love these bookends ! they are a wonderful addition to the nursery ! can't wait to get more from the skip hop line .
beautiful , durable , easy to assemble , looks expensive , easy to maneuver ... i bought this stroller for my son , he loves riding in it .
very soft and and quality , its keeps its shape after washing too , very secure and stable and effective toy for babies .
great quality .. and really great design for an amazing price .. soo comfortable and strong ... my husband and i love it
eh the brush is good but the comb is terrible it just glides on my baby's head does not " comb " anything .
this is such a soft pillowcase that i am thinking of getting this type of material for my pillows as well .
my son loves this cup , carrying it by the handles wherever he goes . he drinks a ton of water from this cup , and loves the straw .
we only use these cups ! they don't leak at all except if you put any kind of carbonated beverage inside .
my baby was enjoying it for 8 month till she destroyed it . quality is good , but my baby was enjoying it too much :)
my son hasn't used it yet . im glad i purchased to have it ready for him when he does start moving around .
works out great for attaching baby things to stroller and to crib . this is a must have for moms ! and grandmas too !
the quality is very good and easy to grasp , it is very suitalbe for new baby . the design is very good
a soft , comfortable , and safe wearable blanket for baby . also very stylish and cute . i highly recommend it and their other products
we bought another one of these for our teething son and it works wonders . the color is off from the photo and is actually mostly black .
these worked great when i lost one of the covers that came with the car seat . they are nice and soft and stay on well too .
cute baby bibs that were ordered as a gift and sent to someone in another state . i guess they liked it .
this mirror has great reflection , but the light and music didn't work . i havnt had a chance to return it but i want to and probably will .
smaller than i expected but just right . so adorable . didn't take up much space in the crib . love the different songs . so soothing .
quality seemed okay , but wasn't as nice as i expected given the good reviews . returned and bought a cheaper one at babies r us .
so far , i haven't got any issue with the carseat ; it's better than the one i had in terms of space and eas of operation
it holds a lot of weight . very useful . i hang there my purse and shopping bags , it seems durable . i would recommend it .
these are simple , pretty , and great quality swaddling blankets . they are a generous size so it will make swaddling easy . i'm very pleased .
the links are a bit flimsy . not the quality i expected . the links are easily pulled apart by my 7 month old .
love these prefolds . they are really soft compared to others i have tried . really absorbent . i plan on buying the next size up as well .
i'm a fan of born free bottles , so these are just the high quality i expect .
i bought this tubing for my medela symphony breast pump and it works good with the pump . have not had any issues .
i guess i didn't check into these carefully enough . they are not liners but extra liners for kushies aio .
my son loves this gym it keeps him busy for up to half an hour whil mommy does her things .
great for the price and provides a large amount for low cost . i shopped around and these were either sold less for more money .
my husband and got this for our son when he was 3 months old . he's had it for a year now and it held up great .
kept our babies warm in the very cold minnesota winters . easy to attach . a must have for a winter baby in the midwest .
really like those covers , perfect size for babies and as cute as soft , they go well through washer and dryer
i love it . it makes me feel more comfortable knowing my daughter wont ever knock her head while rinsing her hair .
liked this product . as advertised.really helpful for baby safety with this helmet and the color is pretty good . thank you !
perfect for what it is : and easy to use and clean go to blanket for any occasion . stylish , modern looking .
very appealing mother / baby turtle musical toy that coordinates very well with our nursery theme of turtles and other sea creatures .
duck floats nicely , my baby follows it and grabs it . i don't really use it to check the temperature - but comes in handy
i wish i thought of buying this sooner . it is great for packing formula to go . pretty color and works great .
we were looking for basic cups for my son . nothing fancy and these fit the bill . everything is durable and i love the bright colors .
i don't recommend this . i am actually thinking of returning this product even though my baby already used it . the velcro scratched my babys face .
so easy to take your little one in and out of compared to the other bouncers out there . crab is great .
personally i like it , easy to install and use . but i had to return because it didn't work on the shape of my toilet .
it works well and feel nice . it's the most expensive towel i've ever gotten but it works well for my baby .
great sheets my niece loves these , shes obsessed with princesses . they are a little thin for my likinh but she loves them .
keeps the back of the seat protected as my toddler kicks . works just fine for us and i don't see any problems here
this thing barely worked , and then it broke less than a week after we got it . would not buy again .
love this toy as a distracting high chair toy for my 6 month old son to play with while in his high chair during meal time .
compatible with my pump , does what it's supposed to do , and it saves me time and money ! win .
these hooks just don't work , the velcro is too soft and my bag keeps falling while i'm walking with the stroller . you get what you pay for ...
the cow is great , but it is a little smaller than the bouncy horses that we have . it has been holding air for 2 weeks so far .
this pad stays put and is thick enough to add some comfort . i would buy it again . not top quality but adequate .
mi bebe se la pasa tirando del babero y no presta atención a la comida , no me gusta para nada .
these are nice but the material is really thin i find myself using 2 to dry my baby . the material is also not that soft .
this bag is very sturdy , cute , easy to spot clean and very roomy . i have used it several times weekly for 7 months .
product was great ... just like the valves and membranes that came in the medella starter kit that i got in the hospital .
it's low-cost , soft and works well with a thick mattress . if you are looking for a deep pocket fitted sheet , this is a great option .
easy to install . looks nice . latches well . stands up to my nonstop toddler . also keeps the dog out .
the bibs are very big and can also double as a burping cloth once you're done feeding . very durable and long-lasting . i recommend these .
these fabrics are very soft and just the right size for bathing baby . we put one on her belly and use the other two to clean her .
many different textures , and easy for babies to hold ontowe used a pacifier clip to keep this within reach of our daughter
received two gingham sheets . nice understated pattern . i'm happy with the quality . they keep baby cool during the horribly long az summers .
i love that this product keeps the spoon clean and sanitary . i also love the chemical-free aspect of this product .
i found it much easier to trim my infant's nails with these as opposed to the clippers . no accident so far ! :-)
i bought this item thinking it was a warmer , my mistake . seemed like a good product if all you want is a dispenser .
the size is what i expected it to be . and the aqua cap is exactly what the picture shown . love this product
brush is very soft , a must for baths ! i scrub my baby all over with this brush . love it . :)
granddaughter plays with it as much as she can so i guess this toy must be okay as she just drools so much
love this stroller . it is easy to open and also fold away . it has a great canopy and is also very stylish .
cute playmat , comes with alot of little hanging toys . also has extra loops to add more toys . plays music too .
excellent product . simple , yet effective and easy to use as well . my son could not figure out how to open the door . recommended .
this rattle is too cute . the sound is soft and soothing , exactly what i was looking for . the ears and tail are the teething parts .
i got it for my baby when he was under 3mo . but he really enjoys it and pays attention to black and white images after 3 months
baby loves them , easy to see in the night , easy to grab , and hold up to hours and hours of sucking .
these ever-fresh replacement pillows are great for maintaining the moisture level in your prince lionheart wipe warmer . i use distilled water to wet them .
easy to clean . i need just this one , instead of dozen cloth bibs.my 6month old girl knows bib means food :)
i used these in the diaper pail . they are okay and works for a short period of time . i've had longer success from car freshners .
i got this to go in my mia moda stroller , and it would not stay in place . it kept sliding down the straps .
this is what got my daughter off of solely breastfeeding i like that i have the cap attached . the cap can also be removed when cleaning
i have no negatives about this product . holds securely to chair , back adjusts as child grows . easy to keep clean
this is an awesome product . my knees used to kill me when bathing my baby . i would definitely recommend this product .
it's a nice design , just too big to really carry easily for travel . i returned it . i wish that they would make it a little smaller .
really great product , so glad my sister-in-law recommended them to me . i used them on the changing table and on the bouncy chair for leaks .
the product was great and very sturdy been using them for years.only thing is they sent m the wrong color , aside from that its great .
bought these for my newborn and i love them ! it's easy for him to intake since i bought it in slow flow . would buy more !
i like these , but they are a little small for poop clean up . my favorite is the osocozy flannel wipes .
great product , awesome price . well built . my daughter really likes this especially when we will fill it with her toys .
perfect toy for 3-4 month olds learning to grab . our daughter holds it , chews on it and shakes it . such a simple , but great toy .
after so much use , the velcro sucks ! my son tried wearing two of these and lately they just fall right off of him ! !
this was a gift for my daughter and she loves it for keeping our new grandsons diapers . it holds the whole box .
my daughter played with this a lot for a few weeks . now at 15 months , she periodically touches it when passing by .
it was on sale for 7.00 when i bought it instead of 15 so i love the price . i would not have bought it t 15 .
we've had this changing table for nearly two years now and it isn't bowing , nothing has cracked . it's in great shape , i am pleased !
very colorful and there's an additional bonus not mentioned . the moose has sounds whey of squeeze the body . highly recommended
these bags work excellent with my pump and the price was better than anything i could find in our local stores . easy to use and store .
this is a nice changing pad and does the job well . there area my cute covers that fit this pad .
a must-have for new parents . gives us an easy clean place to put washed bottles and baby items . easy to assemble and very inexpensive .
it is wider thani had expected given the weight range . i think it would keep my son a bit warmer if it fit him a bit closer .
it says 6 months , but my baby loved these early on ; refused every other pacifier . they are great size and cute .
this keeps all the items i need for a diaper change in one place . i love how organized this makes me feel
these work perfectly with the edu-shape tiles ! i love the finished edge look . i'd recommend these to anyone buying the coordinating tiles .
waste of money . does not work well at all . you can stuff things in there but not too much or else it drags down and hits the wheel
best purchase ever my new born baby was able to enjoy it by 2 months and in ny it's cool and it keep her warm just love it
no frills but does exactly what it is suppose to and it fits well in car seat cup holders , which is the most important thing .
very well made product , it is cute and sturdy , definitely recommend this , it's great for the price if it's what u need .
good baby toy , although my 4 year old seems to prefer these more than my infants . :)
the bottle brush works well but the nipple cleaner does not work well at all . i would recommend this brush .
this blanket isn't super fancy , but its soft and cute . great for the price . love the design . recommend for nursery on a budget .
my 2 month old infant baby just loves the vibration and humming . soothes him on long car rides or in pnp .
i love tommee tippee bottles for my otherwise breastfed son . i give the product 5 starts , but these are much cheaper at babies r us .
this product does what it's suppose to do . i would recommend it to others . it fits for my diaper bag well .
i choose these because they were not super expensive . cute pattern and fits well . these were exactly what we were looking for and a great price .
the product was cheap and easy to attach to my sons ' onesies . i liked that this was not a metal pacifier attacher .
baby loves it ! i love tht he can use it as he grows . great find would purchase again for my kid .
the regular bumkins bibs seem to have better coverage up top . the length just doesn't seem necessary to me .
this was a gift for a friend who had registered for this . she really liked it . seemed soft and matched her decor for her baby nursery .
i love these . they are soft and snuggly .. i bought another set . these are so cute . would buy more and did .
it was not match my bed . they don't explain about bed's conditions.so i don't ues , just in storage my home .
fits diapers and essentials for diapering wonderfully . easy to take everything to any room you are in . very convenient to have around with a baby .
the dena happi tree valance in pink is so cute , and it perfectly matches the other dena happi tree items in our new baby nursery .
i got loads of blankets for my shower but these are the only ones i use ! well worth the price . must have .
really worked well .. it is a simple product , but it had amazing results for us and keeping our 2 year old out of his closet ! worth it
these have held up well , stay in place and block out the sun effectively when positioned correctly . i wish that they were just a little larger .
avoid having your baby loosing toys from stroler . good product for a fair price . the color options are nice , too .
these are great ! ! keeps kids from rolling out of bed , easy to place under sheets . voila ! nothing more to say .
i actually put these in the diaper geenie and also in the nursery . they don't last too long but they do smell fresh
great design and very efficient use of space inside the basket ! ! i highly recommend this to anybody who uses dr . brown's bottles .
i needed drawer organizers that were going to stay in place and not shift around . these are sturdy and adjust to fit any drawer . love these !
the bristles are strong , and it helps with really getting the bottles clean !
fits nicely in the port-a-crib . wraps around the bars and looks ok . would fit either regular or small crib well as it is in 2 pieces .
i bought as a back up to the one i received with my set . i haven't used it yet . but it has nice colors .
my baby kicks off everything when he is sleep and this is the only solution . love to have it and feel no worry now .
it made my breasts look funny , it made my nipples more irritable & it left painful marks on my breasts . hardly ever used it . :(
i like this sheet . it fits very well and cotton is not bad . for the price , it's a good buy .
same parts that come with the freestyle , always helpful to have extra parts in case something happens to the originals .
we use it every day . our 2 year old baby love it.looks good and it seems durable . 5 stars .
couldnt make drying any easier . fits seven of our platex vent air bottles perfect . dryes quick easy to take apart .
my baby loves playing with this little guy especially with the light on . so far i have not had any problem with it .
it looks exactly like the picture and is exactly what i expected . this fits standard changing pads and is adorable .
this keeps my little one busy during my thirty minute commute . i love that it clips on the car seat handle and the stroller .
these bibs are very nice and soft and i would highly recommend these to anyone looking for bibs at a great price .
just got these as backup for the bottles my kids chose for their first baby ! this product got great ratings compared to other similar products !
this head support was great . i never used the neck piece though because it was a pain . it was easy to wash and i line dried it .
definitely a great buy . my baby doesn't really notice much difference between a regular sheet . but still a great buy .
it's well sawn and fits our playpen so it's versatility will ensure we use it all summer . worth the price .
you get what you pay for , and this is the safest car seat i have been able to find that fits my tall 4 year old !
washed sheets only and stored in closet for use , found two holes when using sheet for first time .
these work really well to store milk in and they connect right to the breast pump so it makes it easier .
love this bag , larger than expected , plenty of room for multiple diapers and outfits in the one pouch if needed and it's easy to wash !
seriously ? we love these blankets . we will soon probably have 10 of them . in green , blue , and natural . love !
although , more expensive it was of good quality and serves the purpose of car seat , carrier , and stroller which makes it convenient .
love carters sheets . quality is great with very nice prints at a reasonable price . great deal if you can get it on marketplace with only packaging damage .
looks cute over the bath spout and stays on good . no interference with the pull tab for the shower either . would recommend for any parent .
i always had the clipped one on my son and then two extra ones in this little guy . it's still attached to my backpack !
nice procuct for by baby's confort . works great for any baby gender . the neutral colors make baby's room warm and attractive .
this wearable blanket is soft and strong . i only wish they also made these with long sleeves and with organic egyptian cotton .
is good for the price ... could of been made better by simply adding velcro though.wouldnt recommend for really windy weather !
my 7 - month old grandson enjoyed holding onto this bendy ball . colorful and durable . easy to clean and made a nice addition to the other playthings
these are great strap covers . the pink is cute . they're very soft and a good size . easy to wash and get on and off .
wish i could return this item . not useful at all . waste of my money . doesn't even fit in my car lighter
best bottles hands down , no leaks , no stains ! would totally recommend ! will buy more for near future ! also , love the blue color !
i don't know why the medela membranes kept falling apart . these were a cheaper alternative and seemed to last longer than the medela ones .
it fits my pack n play mattress , however after in washed it on cold it shrunk so now it fits funny . very well cushioned .
i totally love the versatility of this product . i can use it in 4 different ways and my daughter loves when i change up the toys
this is a very nice baby book . it works perfect for what we wanted and is nice and sturdy as well .
it isn't interesting to her and it's heavy for her to hold by herself at 7 months of age . it's cute .
i love not throwing things away and these are a great and affordable option for sanitary napkins . i would recommend these .
we have been using this changing pad for four months and it is awesome . easily cleanable and very comfortable and portable . it is a great option .
so far ok , will update again once i have used it more often . time will tell the quality . good for baby .
my daughter loved this teethers and they were very easy for her to grip and keep i her mouth when she needed it . best teethers i have owned .
just make access to straps on the back longer ... it's hard to get the straps in and out of the little holes on the back .
my 5 month old daughter loves to touch and stroke the tags on her baby doll . very cute first doll .
perfect size for on the to and great value for the price ! the pattern is very cute and the bag is easy to wash .
this is just a cheap umbrella stroller , but it is cuter than most and seems to roll smoothly . can't beat the price under $ 20 .
i can cut my 4 month old's fingernails when he is awake . i never cut him . this product is awesome !
putting together the item was a little confusing but overall it's a great bouncer my lo loves it and its at a reasonable price !
cute ball and does what it says ( glows ) . my 13 month old son likes to throw this ball around the house .
very cute designs and not a bad price for 2 and can't wait to gift to my sister for her baby shower ! ! !
i like these blankets . they are very large in size , but not too thick . they are very soft . i'd recommend these to anyone !
i love them . they are small enough to pack in a diaper bag without taking a ridiculous amount of space .
same style as the bob versions , but cheaper . i dont know why we didnt purchase earlier because it makes life easier .
i will order more of these as i need them . they are easy to use and keeps the kid out of areas i don't want her to access .
simple and i love it . i decorated it with colored baskets . i do recommend getting a contoured changing pad to put on top .
adorable , little diaper cover with very vibrant colors that don't fade with washing . excellent cost , too ! soft material , true to size .
i am around 42g - h and these ( 30 ) seemed to fit better than the 36 , and i got more out of pumping with this size .
very soft , it is a suitable for baby toothbrush , although there is no use , but believe that he will like it
great bib ! perfect size for my 7 month old . get this bigger size as the smaller ones are not as effective .
our 14 month old was constantly opening the fridge door . this latch works great . i love how it swivels when not in use .
they are cute and make bath tub time a little more fun . my baby likes to see the water come through the strain .
this is the most convenient on the market considering you don't need specific refills ! ! ! i strongly recommend it .
i personally like it , but my son not so much . the only part that he'll have anything to do with is one of the detachable hanging toys .
the nipple broke , the bottle leaks out the sides , and the cap has come off many times . very bad product . i do not recommend it .
my 7 - month-old baby loves the rings . after bath he will carry them around in his hand . they keep him occupied while diapering and applying lotion .
i love how soft and attractive these bibs are . beware , they're not exactly water-proof . i do also like that they have snap closures instead of velcro .
we purchased two of these and we love them . we will be purchasing more of them and they maintain their color after they are washed .
works as expected , strap will loosen if tugged on not ideal . if my little one tugs on the cover it will losen .
these bottles are very cute and my breastfed baby has no probably taking them on the rare occasion i offer her a bottle .
fits the graco pack and play well . it did not fit my ingenuity pack and play though .
we bought this for our daughter and she's not too into it . it's a cute little toy for the price but nothing super duper exciting .
makes bathtime much easier . cute vibrant colors , pretty comfortable for mom's knees , doesn't slip . this has been extremely useful to us .
excellent , recieved as told . perfect . what my niece wanted . was a baby shower gift ! would shop again here & tell others
this was shown in black and came in rainbow . disappointing , for sure . i suppose next time i should read the fine print .
these are such a life saver and only cost a couple bucks . totally worth it , i would recommend to anyone !
material is great , design is adorable , and i loved how much i felt like it covered me . definitely recommend this cover !
this is so convenient , i take it every where i go , it is a life saver , when i cant get to my changing table .
these are great spoons - our baby loves them . very sturdy , unless the dog chews on them . :(
this is great , does the job as you'd expect . it's a little hard to get over her hands , but overall pretty good .
perfect size . cute print and works perfect for us . very easy to assemble and to super easy to get it back in the carrt bag and storage .
the ju ju be fuel cell insulated bag is a saver . it keeps your bottles cool and ready for baby when your ready to feed .
we had a non-sleeping baby but she would actually sleep in this ! it's a great item to purchase . i was sad when she outgrew it .
my 7 weeks old love it and it was easy to put together ... i really like it because did what i was expecting
this is a great teether . my baby boy just loved it . he is now 18 months old and still plays with it sometimes .
i love the detail on the lamp . it is also a perfect compliment to the decals in the same range .
this is a very good product and is a must once the baby is 6-7 months old . very good quality and we like the image quality
some boppy pillows are a bit to big so this tummy time boppy is a great choice ! ! highly recommend it !
i have had this liner well over three months now and it has held up well ( and it is cute ) .
i like zo li products since we got a zippy cup that is the bomb , and this container it's so spacious and easy to clean ,
when i have the grandbaby here i feel so much safer knowing i can see and hear her when she is in the other room
this step stool has wonderful grip on the floor ! i love that the entire stepping surface has treads for little feet , too !
looking for a quality liner . these aren't the best . wish they were thicker and held more . would not buy again .
my daughter loves them . its takes a little too long to suck in the water for squeezing but still a good buy .
my son loves these cups ... it keeps his water ice cold . it's been dropped and is still in great condition !
my 4 yr old loves the flowers and the head rests . it is plastic so feels a little flimsy but much better than just the seat by itself .
does the job for us ; good grip so it doesnt slip out of hands . sharp enough to cut them thin flimsy baby nails .
bought these for my grandson - the smaller bottles were hard to mix up formula when he needed over 6 oz . these worked great !
cheap , small , and works wonderfully . what more can you ask for ? you can even put on the carseat with one hand .
this thing is great . keeps you from washing the paci a million times each day ... i really don't know how i would live without it !
when the car is hot or it is hot outside , the mirror begins to droop and move . i am returning my mirrors i purchased .
easy to install and very comfortable . the safety rating makes me feel very confident that the kid is protected . i love the around head protection as well .
these were such a pain to clean and use - my kitchen looked like a science lab . i threw them all out .
it works and it's easy to hook up . i love being able to see my kid and she loves being able to see me !
just what i had ordered , no fuss or frills or surprises . the hangers are very useful for baby and toddler clothes .
i bought these but i don't even have to use them because all my avent bottles already came with them .
washing this cup is a hassle as there is 3 parts to disassemble besides unscrewing the cap . overall its ok
portable , easy to install , good quality . very useful when you dont want to carry a nappy bag . only fits the necesesary .
this is okay but i only used it for about two weeks . it is cushy but i found that it got in the way more than anything .
these are so incredibly useful for not only diapers , but food trash and wet clothes . i use this a lot more often than i expected to .
i bought this as a stocking stuffer for my 1 month old daughter . great , colorful , and good price . would buy again .
i love this audio monitor and even ditched our video monitor . it's very sensitive and picks up every noise in the baby's room .
fun toy very color full seems durable but my grandson is 9 months old and lost interest right away
cute and fit our changing pad well ! we've washed it a few times and it has held up and still looks nice .
they're for my grandson , we were fine , are soft and the colors are beautiful , very good design , i recommend it .
these work great ! i ended up switching to dr . browns because of my daughters digestion issues but these are quality decent and well priced bottles
i bought this for my daughter and i love that it folds up . it serves its purpose very well and i would recommend it ! !
my son like this banana very much . he cried because of he was teething until he got it . i recommend it .
this is not truly a 3 in 1 car seat . its not reversible like a true 3 in 1 is .
i loved this and so did everyone who saw it . it is totally cute and any baby would love to have one !
it isn't awesome but it covers the whole back of my seat keeping the mud off and has lived through some kicking at this point .
i bought many brands , but kushies are the best . good colors , great material , easy to clean and easy to use too .
adaptor fits as described and works as described . car seat pops right in and the safety strap is easy to install .
this toy is very entertaining for my baby but the suction cup doesn't work really well . he grabs it and it pops off immediately .
wish they made this size in the safari print that they have for bassinets , it's cuter . product is great though .
these work for younger toddlers who don't mind wearing bibs . by a year and a half , my daughter was able to rip it right off .
i like the color of this product . this product was not hard to put together . this really goes nicely with the grace cribs .
loved this combo . my son fit perfect in it and it was very easy to push with the seat connected .
they are functional for my son and he plays with them in the car seat and stroller . he also plays with them on tummy time
no problems , work just fine . saves money as well as time , not having to run to the store for batteries .
the only pacifier our daughter will take ! ! knowing she's not sucking on a chemical-filled piece of plastic makes the expense extremely worth it .
what can i say ? it's functional , and the green is a unique color that works for both genders .
my 9 months old baby loves this ball . it is eay for her to rip and toss both inside and outside the bath . she enjoys it alot !
very well made , we had to return it because our changing table is too small . too bad , we really liked it
these changing pad covers are soft and so cute ! the towel-esque fabric in the middle is so soft that my infant ever fusses for a diaper change .
i liked this product , but it did eventually tear up . i will have to either purchase a new one or find something that will hold up better .
our 5 month old loves this she is starting to teeth and this keeps her entertained ! plus she loves the sound it make also .
mmy baby is 7 weeks , loves staring at it . we use maxi cosi car seat , and it hangs on the bar just fine .
not to happy with it . not that sturdy . we now have two chairs we got from sam's club , much better !
this is the best purchase that i do in my life ... i so comfortable ! ! ! i recommend more than 100 % ... thank you ...
very easy to hold and sip . my baby loves to chew on the silicone spout as she is teething now .
the adhesive sticks well , too much so . very strong chemical smell lingers after months . but the product does what it says it will .
i just never got the hang of this tub , my big boy always winded up sliding around on the slick surface .
my daughter is 9 months old and still loves this sleeper.great quality , washable . i highly recomment this product to anyone . thank you
best stroller and set up by far especially for twins ! ! my fourth stroller and last stroller . love it . simple . perfect .
these are excellent for protecting your little one from sharp corners . they are super easy to install ( stick them on ) and they stay put .
just the size cooler i was looking for . will be perfect for small trips in the car and for when i go back to work .
brilliant , so easy , will never bring home dirty bibs from a restaurant again !
great for when your little one decides to potty train at an early age and you don't want to use disposables .
my daughter is not here yet but it feels like it should be comfortable and fit well in my crib .
we used for cradle cap . this works pretty well :) . haven't use the comb much but will be using it soon .
i bought this sheet for my daughters pac n play , it fit great.the size of the sheet was just right and the color was nice .
good quality , easy to wash and put back on , neutral pattern is appealing , easy to wipe clean for small messes
so worth the buy - super soft , great quality and washes well ... get two so you always have one on hand ! again ' carters rocks ' !
great sound quality . easy for baby to operate . this has been and continues to be a favorite . we don't leave home without it .
got this for my cousin and her little one on the way ! she and i love turtles si i think she will love it :)
like the colorssize calls baby attentionwish i could choose the modelsnice rattle sound.good productgood product
this is great for on the go ! and your tray is always clean !
works great time i answer came with the product . they're for my grandson , i loved it . i recommend it . ok
the pocket is a great part but then not sure why you'd get a bib without a pocket . cute prints , good bib .
this diaper is awesome ! it fits perfectly , dual gussets are awesome , colored snaps are helpful , no leaking . wish i could afford more !
i wouldn't recommend these unless you have a much older baby or need to add a lot of cereal to bottles .
was my mistake but i thougt was bigger ! i dind ` t pay attation for the capacity ! anyway , it is a pratical product for babies and mothers
fits the mattress for my daughter's pack n play perfectly . looks exactly like the image . i am very happy with this purchase . :-)
color was just what i was looking for but the heft of the cover isn't quite there . still , it'll serve its purpose . :)
this toy is so much fun to play with for my toddler . even i find myself doodling with it occasionally .
perfect size for my son very satisfied ! has a good grip he feels like a big boy now that he feeds himself .
i use it for my baby when traveling =) very portable and no need of battery is a plus of course =p
and after a few months now just one of the colors works . would not buy this again as i think it is on its last leg .
they work well enough . if you baby was born early though , their nails are probably super thin and you'll be better off using scissors or cuticle cutters .
i live these and bought more as we wore one out ! it is nice that these come in different colors .
i had to swaddle her with these when she was comatose - otherwise she would scream bloody murder because they were too constricting .
rounded ends add a challenge to booger extraction , but obviously can't use pointed tweezers in baby's nose !
i got sick 2 times from my baby's cold by using this product . the filters dont do jack . use an aspirator .
these are perfect , simple sippy cups for my 13 - month old son . the are durable enough for him to use everyday at daycare .
very handy when out or changing baby on the couch or bed ... my daughter likes them , we did buy more .
good cuality and good price . it's the same brand that my dresser / changer so i didn't want to take risks , worked very well .
a little bit heavier than expected with water , but that's okay . comfortable to hold and baby liked it from the first time .
we like the car seat so far . one complain is that it sometimes gets stuck a little when removing it from the stroller .
this is a very pretty soft pink set . it is very soft , lightweight , and well made . it has held up well with multiple washes .
i didn't find this very useful . i like the idea of it , but it fits kind of funny and doesn't work great in my opinion .
sturdy and large changing pad is perfect for changing all those diapers . works with a toddler too and fits on top of the dresser .
this light is a bad idea ! it actually makes it hard to see baby's nail , and i ended up clipping his skin :( (
great size and wonderful absorbancy . so much better than many of the fashion , burp cloths that look cute but don't soak much up .
my 7 month old loves this ! ! the silicone sac is small , but it ' is a perfect size for his mouth .
i was to the point that it was painful to wear a shirt . these definitely cushioned thd blow and made me more comfortable .
the photo album arrived exactly as described . i can't wait to fill it up with pictures . for the price you just can't beat it !
work well and wash without stains remaining . the same as bumkins brand as i purchased both and cannot differentiate between the two .
it is so cute and small . i buy it for my son . i think that he will like it.it is very good .
me encanta este esterilizador para mis teteros mantiene mis teteros salvo de germenes que afecten la salud de mi bebe
this is a nice towel but i expected it to be a bit bigger in size . the material is nice and thick , terry cloth .
great product . tight fit , no leakage , great design . easy to wash parts . we purchased 4 and our kids love them .
i have 3 kids and wish i would have had these for the older 2 . my son loves this . would highly recommend .
love the patterns ' simple patterns go with any outfit . these bibs have been great for milk spit up and drool ,
we're using this as a waterproof mattress pad on our mini co-sleeper . it's just about the right size , and has worked like a charm .
i love how soft this is ! the color is great , the bumps really aren't a problem and it is easy to put on and take off .
i bought manual dr browns breast pump and manual medela breast pump . medela is much better than the dr browns breast pump .
my baby boy loves it , it is so cute and soft.he is playing with it and it is easy to find it
i have been using this for my little girl for over a year now . we took the splash guard off so no review for that .
it's bpa free , have good grip for my baby , and is not too big that it's difficult to travel with . love it .
love this clip for holding the avent soothie pacifiers . the pattern is super cute and it clips onto my baby's clothes much easier than the metal clamp types .
it arrived and after putting batteries in and being so excited it didn't even work . it almost looked used . so disappointed . it has been returned .
i got these because i read great reviews on them . i think they are very sturdy and will last a long time .
i love these pacifiers and these aer the only ones that my son will take . these are easy to clean and cheap !
easy to clean . simple design . comfortable . great spray protector for boys . encourages independence on the potty ! i would highly recommend .
he enjoys these , but doesn't really like these . they're cute and a fun idea , but don't hold his interest very long .
these were good cause you know babies try to put everything in there mourn so they can bite this and it helps they're sore gums from teething .
i like that i can sanitize my items as long as there is a microwave near by . found this product very helpful after returning to work .
purchased to make burp clothes . they have held up great and wash great . i will continue to purchase for gifts i the future .
yes , it's expensive , but it's super comfortable , really easy to use and well made . worth the money all the way ! !
works great but the bristles are plenty long enough to clean most bottle nipples . i used the nipple cleaner feature once but the brush works well by itself .
this is my 2nd order . these are larger than most i love the colors & they have tags which my daughter loves .
it really does keep smelly diapers under wraps . great diaper disposal receptacle with a small enough footprint so as not to take up too much space .
they are soft for baby's bum and clean easily with diaper washes . no stains yet and very durable ! would buy again .
the size is excellent , the material is very good , they can be use as a towels very well and to cover you little baby when leave the shower
these are prefect wipes for the prince lionheart wipe warmer . the are the perfect size too - not too bulky and clean my baby's bottom well .
we received this as a gift and it's a really adorable toy . my son loves the stacking cups and bright / fun colors .
more than 5 years of age , i think a good and suitable for the child.lightweight bag also generous and likes kids too .. i'm thinking about other products
the cards are gorgeous and well made , but i was disappointed at how few there are in the box . there are only 6 cards .
i'm very happy w / this purchase ! this stroller is awesome , super light and easy to fold / unfold / transport.would definitely recommend it ! ! !
its very soft and the color is quite nice . the satin trimming has held up well after multiple washings . would recommend it !
they are water proof and are the perfect size to protect swings , bouncers and car seats from leaky diapers . they seem to hold up well to washing .
sophie goes everywhere with us . my 7 - month-old always has this within reach no matter what other toys he may be playing with .
the play gym is better than any others . my little baby enjoy watching his face in the mirror . big recommend !
flimsy but good for the price . fairly easy to install . instructions simple .
love these ! son loves these in the bath and is starting to learn the alphabet sounds and numbers at 15 months old just by playing .
i like these wipes . they smell lovely and get the job done . the only problem is that they are way too expensive .
i love this drying rack . i use it with dr . brown bottles and my pump parts . have had it for 3 months and no complaints .
these were easy to install and work great to keep my 1 year old from turning on our gas stove !
cute pillow ... currently using it to breast feed my bb . sometimes i use it for my back pillow when breast feeding . b ways work well .
these keep the vomit and spitup off of me and my kiddo so we dont smell spoiled goat cheese . dad's you need these trust me .
this is the best . it protects your infant from the elements and provides a cozy environment . also keeps eager strangers from trying to touch your baby .
wonderful straw sippy bottle . this a favourite for daycare and travel . easy to use and clean and it is with wonderful characters whom my lo recognizes .
this product is made specifically for car seats , and i highly recommend it for air travel . it is very easy to use !
i love this little snuggled unit . i helps baby to feel secure and safe . it fits in a stroller , car seat or swing .
i like this bottle because it works wellwith keep air out of the bottle whether you use formula or are breastfeeding .
great for the back molars . my 18 month old chomps down on these often . save the tears with these teethers .
catches small spills and drips . easy to clean . this is exactly what we wanted when we started looking for placemats for the kids . would buy again .
this product is good and the price is soooo cheap , i bought it less than $ 15.00 i m happy with that !
easy diaper when cloth diapering on the go or in the middle of night when baby is fussy . we have 3-4 of these that we use .
i really like this car seat , it works great in my truck and my granddaughter is safe and sound in it , very comfortable for her .
i put these in my pocket diapers as a doubler and my son no longer leaks through at night ! thank goodness !
the lamp is super cute . would recommend this lamp to anyone who is doing the jungle jill theme for their nursery .
these are fantastic . my baby was given one at the hospital and now she won't use any other pacifier . she loves this thing .
very cute , and a good price . i like the length of it , too . perfect for our little one !
love these . but can't find in my local target stores anymore . additionally , it was cheaper to buy the dispenser with bag than just the bags .
we have the sophie ... my son was so crazy about her . he loves these . after washing a few times the scent is still present .
bright colors and the teething part is soft . i think my baby will love it when its time for teething .
got these mitts for our newborn and barely used them . not the best mitts , don't stay on their hands very well .
this mirror is perfect , easy to adjust and stays put . i went through 3 mirrors before this one and i'll never go back ! ! !
i am very happy with this produce . never went wrong using oxo . holds everything in place .
i haven't used this much yet , but i am still confused about how to use the straps and secure the baby to the cart safely .
i love the size of this mirror ! it's big enough to actually see your child , what a concept ! great buy !
east to insall , perfect for my home . my daughter could not get it iopen which i love . these are safe to use
i put this on my coffee table and it works great . seems pretty secure and there will be no split foreheads with this stuff on the edges !
he's cute but a little hard . he's a bit too hard for a little baby but an older baby will have fun with him .
these were just creepy looking , and ugly colors . i couldn't even tell what creature they were supposed to be . i sent them back .
my son loves being outside and this is perfect for when im trying to do the laundry
works great while they fit , but once the baby gets bigger they don't stretch far enough without cutting into her hips .
i purchased these as an add on item for much cheaper than babies r us . i would definitely buy these for my tommee tippee anti colic bottles again !
we love these bibs and own a bunch of them - - the colors are great , they function well and are actually waterproof .
this gym kept my grand child entertain and happy . fisher price always makes they products to high standards . i highly recommend .
this is a great wetbag ! i imagine it would fit many pails . i just wish it had a drawstring at the top . still happy .
this is a helpful infant and toddler toy . works well for playing on the floor . fun crinkly noises and spinner toy attached .
the material is very soft and nice , very easy to use , my baby has not come yet , hope he will like it .
cheapest boppy cover as i do not care about looks . very durable and made of good fabric . would recommend to anyone
our daughter loves this cup ! we use this cup when we are traveling and we haven't had any problems with it leaking .
purchased pad with sealy baby firm rest crib mattress . excellent quality for the price . washes well and fits mattress tightly . would absolutely recommend this product !
very well-made and soft . these are lightweight and easy to care for . i love the peace of mind they give as opposed to a blanket .
i wis i had bought it sooner as i did not use it for so long , very easy to wear and attach the pump to .
the snappi clips worked well and serve their purpose for cloth diapers . durable rubber and clips latch onto cloth diaper well .
super gross concept , but also super smart . much easier to use than a bulb syringe . baby still hates nose action , though .
fits great on the keyfit caddy and fits great on my baby jogger stroller . easy to take on and off .
sophie is very cute , but this was not my baby's first choice when teething . may not be worth the price - but it is a cute toy !
this was just what i wanted ! baby seems to love it too ! it's very cute and it shipped in no time !
great cup ! my son was sick and did not want a hard cup so he took this cup with his juice in it and got better !
exactly what i was looking for . soft enough to clean my 3 month old's nails gently and effectively in the bath tub .
we got this for my daughters mdo program ! she loves it ! i've washed it a few times and its great :)
love this spoon . not too wide and has a good angle on it . i will likely buy more . great for travel too with the case
it is easy to attach , it matches the faucets in my house , it is not too long nor too short . fun colors , i recommend it .
nice cloth book . very colorful . cute story and animals inside . my granddaughter at 9 mos . was mildly interested . would recommend for younger baby .
this is a waste of money . i was not impressed at all . liquid spilled right now and my son hated it .
yes , i like these small animals . they are very cute . high cost . will come back to buy other floating toys 。
these toys are fun and colorful and most importantly don't grow mold because they are open and dry fully . also very fun colors and keep my kids happy
i like that i can look at my baby while he is feeding and this is wide enough to cover him all around . a little too expensive though !
this is such a cute little toy ! the pirate is very cute and can be used to learn how to tie laces , etc .
had this in blue , loved it ! now got one in gray for the grandparents ' house so we don't have to lug it back and forth .
these work well while you're out and about to mask the odor of a stinky diper , but i hate lavender so i'd prefer another scent to use ...
these are so cute and the plastic is soft , not rough . and they are the perfect size for little hands !
its washable and help to save money on those disposable types . its durable and very nice lacy design . would buy more .
nice soft colors . a little tinner them i hoped for but they wash the baby
very cute ! and perfect for a neutral nursery . very soft also . fits our big changing pad . would recommend to anyone !
my son is mesmerized by this toy . he will hardly let go of it and seems to love it very much .
wonderful colors and appears well made . lots of soft fabrics , the corduroy is ultra soft . i love all the accessories available too .
the arch comes out to easy and flops over . when the arch comes out its really really hard to put back . this thing is pretty much useless
my son got this as a present when he was born.he ' s never been very interested in it . i don't reccomend this toy .
i am so happy to have this drying rack for my little ones utensils.is well made and works like it should .
easy to manipulate . great for cause and effect and gross / fine / motor development . would recommend this for 6 - 18 month olds .
it doesn't damage clothes , it's really gentle and fits a variety of pacifiers . plus they're really cute . i recommend :)
it's soft , my daughter liked it when we strapped her in the car seat with it . it stayed in place . decent price .
we love this tent for our little one . she loves it too . so much easier than a pack-n-play to haul over to grandma's house .
grandaughters favorite color is purple and ... out went the traditional yellow duck . some in reviews complained about odors but i found no unusual odor whatsoever !
this is really nice and plush but it dies not fit the graco snug ride car seat even for a week old preeie
awesome gate , by far the best we have owned . super sturdy , easy to open & close , high quality , hubby found it easy to install
great product , good quality . adjustable . awesome color . fast friendly service . a must have for those mommies using cloth diapers .
its a must have for all infants , since they drop pasi's constantly . it has nice color to it . i love it
wished it had a larger caddy . other than that , i have no complaints . very sturdy design , and attractive to look at .
this zippered wet bag works well . the size is larger than my other wet bags , which is helpful . cute design .
i needed an extra one of these for my infantino squeeze station and for $ 3 it was the perfect price . would order again !
great set , its beautiful , i love pooh bear and its a great for male or female . i would def . recommend this item .
my 5 month old has been teething for nearly two months and this toy has been a go-to option for her to chew on . i definitely recommend this .
the other's tend you loose their velcro abilities and if it is plastic it breaks . with the leash you don't have any of those problems
i bought it for my grand daughter it is very soft mushy and safe there no fear to swallow a loose object . we named it " baby "
this is the best pack n play sheet i've come across . so soft and washes great . baby loves to sleep on it .
hard to use , scared to clip baby's finger ... i using my regular manicure scissors to cut babys nail ... works much better
makes filling the packets so easy . fits snuggly onto press tube so there is no need to hold onto the funnel .
the fabric is great but this is best for a toddler of 2 years or more as it is way too big in size for a baby .
this is only good for starting up . but once i started pumping more this became impractical . i recommend lansinoh bags instead .
works great . nice and safe , childproof locking , sturdy mesh design . i feel much safer with this in the window .
this mobile is very easy to move from spot to spot . it affixes to different infant structures easily . my granddaughter enjoys the music .
these work great . no problems at all . i've been using them with my pump in style that i bought in 2006 .
always a good idea to have spare parts for such an important piece of equipment . medela is the best !
four out of six of these are defective . i washed them once and the plastic lining came out ruined . its more like a plastic garbage bag
daughter loves this seat . it's our second one - we've been happy with the style and quality . price is great , too .
generally the secure a toy straps are very help but the ones i received in this order are unraveling at the ends
these are helping me a lot ... not only they keep toys at my children's hand reach , but it prevents toys getting on the floor .
became even more awesome ! love the pink for my baby girl ! she loves looking at it too ! thank you dr . browns !
made car seat so my mother can hardly see out of back window . however they can move front seat back without pushing on car seat .
these are a little small to be using for diapering , but they still do the job . i prefer the munchkin brand .
keeps bugs away and fits well on a pack and play … easy to fit over the stroller as well .. light and great for the caribbean mosquitos
we returned this play mat after one day of use and two very wet floors . the valve in the back did not seal and therefore leaked water everywhere .
these bottles are great for babies with gas and or colic i purchased these they are larger than i though so i will use them at 4-5 months .
infants and parents and grandparents alike will enjoy this book . it is colorful and full of different textures and cute pictures .
fits perfectly to the crib length and ties down nicely . very happy i went with these ones . my lo doesn't even bother with the sides anymore .
this is very adorable and fits the crib perfectly . its a must to get the matching mobile , hamper , lamp , and blanket of course !
i run a childcare and really like the children to be very comfortable using this seat . i would buy again .
these bags are thick and seem very tough . i havent had one break yet . they could be easier to pour from though .
love it . my two year old son loves walking into school handling it . holds up great . great design and color .
due to my son incontigency we decided to buy this product and it does not dissapointed us ; nice experience our son love it .
should have listened to the other reviews difficult fit and the fabric was not as pictured but an adorable idea
poor raw material . the locker system tires the bag straps and it isn't simple to be adjusted in strollers for example .
perfect for my 3 year old . love the belt guide so the seat belt sits perfectly on his chest .
my 13 month old grandson really likes it a lot . so does his big sister who is 6 ... it is too little for her though .
i loved them , beautiful soft and wash easily . i bought more for another grandson.would purchase and quick shipping and a great price * * *
great size , and my baby loved it . don't try to disinfect it in the microwave steam bags because whatever coating is on it starts to peel off .
dr . brown's products had great ratings and after a lot of research this is what i decided to purchase . great product !
love these to mark the dates on the milk i pump so daycare will know which to use first ! great and come off easy for clean up
it's not that big but it's a better choice than the munchkin feeder made out of mesh . it can easily be cleaned .
it was a really nice product , nicely made . my baby had a good time with it while teething . it help very much !
comes in handy when you are on the go . heats up quickly and warms bottle in minutes . will purchase more .
looks good hanging off the side of the nappy ( diaper ) bag and you always know where the dummy ( pacifier ) is .
we chose these because my son does very well with them and they leak much less than cups from other companies . they last a long time as well .
dr . brown's nipples definitely helps with gassiness , spit-up , and helps her drink peacefully without choking or a frustrating leaky bottle .
perfect for storing baby food , but also to bring small food items to work like salad dressing . practical and the seal never leaks
this is the perfect pillow for toddlers . he enjoys sleeping on it and we make sure to take it to grandmas house .
easy to wash . easy to put on the changing mat . very soft and cute design . would recommend as a spare cover .
good sheet , fits the mattress well . ordered in a few more colors . only washed once so far so can't speak to wear yet .
fits changing pads that come with the changing table perfectly . i've washed it several times and the elasticity remains the same .
i like this but my baby is not to fond of the vibration . cute chair , lets him lay or sit and it rocks .
we wanted bright gender neutral colors and this monkey bin fits in perfectly for our nursery ! this is a great size for toys and stuffed animals .
it does what it is intended to do , protect mattress from wetness . but it makes you sweaty when you sleep on it .
not much to say about it other than it works exactly like it is supposed to . no muss no fuss .
make sure you follow the directions when you install , did it wrong the first time but it works great now .
this swing is working great . we started using it when our baby was around 6 months and he loves it ! i have no complaints .
haven't used them . a gift . baby isn't born yet . guess everything will hang on them just fine when it comes .
this is great for our daughter's on the go snacks and meals . easy to fill pouches ( sold separately ) , and easy clean-up . great product !
i use these for wipes for baby because they are so soft and washable . i love them ! perfect for cloth diapering mommies .
easy to clean , and the baby sleeps nicely upon a sheet upon a mattress protector upon the mattress . no complaints .
this chair is cheaply made , doesn't break down for travel at all , and doesn't attach sturdily to the table . unsafe in my opinion .
this a great album . it is durable and of high quality material . it also fits a lot of pictures . i would buy it again .
more of a toy than a teether and it does have a horrible smell that we cant cure ... ive hand and dishwashered it more than 20 times !
my 3 and 4 year old love this book . we take it to church to entertain them and each week they are excited to get it out
this adds color and character to our nursery . i really don't think the room would be as lively without it . great buy !
got our little one used to a toothbrush - now he walks around with a real toothbrush sucking on it or scrubbin his teeth ...
my son loves this bedding . he is thrilled by nemo and it fits perfect with his new big boy bed .
its an adapter , works great . i didnt give it 5 stars because its simply an adapter . not much to it .
we got this for our 10 - month old twins . it's colorful and fun . and we can fold it up and take it to the park .
can't even tell they are on the window trim until the cord is wrapped around em and away from my curious toddler .
definitely reduce wind compared to a standard bottle and they don't bubble or spray due as they can't create a vacuum in them .
this lock works well to keep little ones out ( and doesn't cause damage with screws ) but is a pain for the adults to open up .
keeps bjorn nice & sanitary . my daughter drools a lot , so this helps prevent us for having to launder it as often .
just big enough for baby . just the right noise level to be entertaining , yet not irritating.overall , a great baby rattle !
they have a good quality for the price , in my country the buttle avent are so expensive , i love trade avent
you get what you pay for . it doesn't cost much and it is fairly flimsy . however ... it does the job perfectly . so cannot complain .
they are very snug to the point where they are also adult proof . our outlets are difficult to insert and remove most plugs .
the product is the perfect size and soft.beware the " white " is actually a light beige . i would recommend this to a friend .
very nice and roomy bag . recommend to get jj cole travel pod set as well which includes bottle pod , diapers & wipes pod and the pacifier pod .
baby picks it up and plays with it for quite a while . easy to wash and really seems to help with teething .
i absolutely love this sheet . the quality is wonderful and the design is beyond cute . the colors are bright and vivid .
just perfect ! ! ! works great , small , easy to use very practical ! for the price it's great ! work with my glass and plastic bottles ...
this is a great rattle for those little ones who are learning their motor skills . i recommend getting this to others .
we ended up having to get another bouncer cause this one doesn't have enough recline or head support and our daughter always end up in a funny position .
the food mill is easy storage and takes less space . the only thing is that the lid sometimes gets stuck and you have to prop it with a knife
i loved that it has the little holder so it's not touching germy surfaces . this will be my brush for future babies
great , doesn't take up much room . its easy to clean and it holds up pretty well for the price . easy assemble .
colorful . my daughter plays with these almost every evening in the bath ! helps her to identify her marine creatures .
my 15 month old has no problem taking these out . his interest has been drawn to them now and they are very ineffective .
just like all the other reviews , this beanie will not stay on my baby's head . don't waste your time and money on this .
i have the matching car seat , so this was a no brainer for me . i love the everything about this stroller !
love this design , color and the product as well . awesome diaper covers , work well . love the double gusset on the legs .
this is a very comfy carrier for mom & baby . baby can snuggle right up and fall asleep even when they get older .
i bought the first one for my self and then bought the 2nd one for day care ! love it and would buy one for again ...
baby dearly loves this ! i got a second in blue to be sure we had enough ! the small horse is perfect for little hands to grab .
bought this for my 5 month old granddaughter . she loves all the colors and shapes . very easy for her to grab and hold . great toy ! !
it fits what i need in it however it is big and bulky . i don't use the wipe container as they usually dry out .
i like everything about this brush except for the detaching handle to clean the nipple , somewhat of a hassle but at the same time it is kinda cool .
nothing fabulous , nothing negative . just your standard changing pad . you need one , this will do the job . can get this pretty much anywhere .
they work great ! have purchased 3 so far for each child . only thing i wish it did was spin instead of just vibrate .
i use with playtex drop ins with no problem . much more sturdier than playtex brand and much cheaper . no need to spend extra on to playtex brand
great quality . fit very well . i was expecting very thin cheap matrial and that was not the case at all . very happy with purchase .
our baby just didn't find this to be that interesting . the full sized sophie giraffe was much better for him .
it's good product and good price . we satisfied 90 % . but sometimes signal is not good . we live 970sf apartment so it's not that far though .
our baby really struggles to sleep when he's teething , but with this thing we get a lot more sleep and he's more relaxed . thank you !
nothing like a warm bottle of milk to put the baby to sleep . it was a gift and i hope the mother enjoys using it .
bought this for a trip to where it's winter and it was great , warm enough for the cold nights ( with some winter pj's ) .
this is great b / c unlike many other seat protectors the back is not made of the sticky goo that will melt and ruin your leather .
i feel like by daughter is sliding down in the infant section . the " hammock " attachment just seemed unsafe to me .
my son seems so content when he is in the sling . and it is so much easier on my back ! this is a must-have in my book !
i like these a lot ! cute little bugs ! the only inconvenience is that the doors remain ajar but that's better than my daughter slamming her precious little digits
had a cradle that needed a new mattress . this size isn't typically found in stores . it's not super soft but it serves its purpose .
so easy to put up and put away . sturdy enough for my 10 month old to play in . i love it !
this is the perfect size ... my son loves the feel of the wind in his face as we strole alongwould buy again
my son loved loved this at 12 months . he is 16.5 months and isn't quite so interested in it anymore , but i'd recommend it to someone else .
a very effective child proofing device for things like drawers in particular . i ’ ve never tried taking one off , but they say it is easy .
i wish i bought this chair from when my baby was first born ; my daughter will be able to use this chair for many months to come
these are very bright and colorful they were very reasonably priced and i cannt wait until i can see them on my grandbaby
very few false alarms . this little gadget gave us peace of mind and allowed us to sleep ( better ) through the night .
tipped over far too easily if sides are pulled onmattress not a snug fit and is therefore a suffocation riskswiftly returned with no problems thanks to amazon's great returns
the rubber seems to hard for baby use , however , seems easy enough to wash and clean . color looks good , like it .
perfect size for grandma's house . easy to put together . nice wheels and size to wheel around the house . smooth ride .
also a gift and this is very nice as i have purchased one in the past . makes for a lot more comfort
i don't think we will be able to use any of these items . they al feel cheap . the bulb syringe does not even work .
great toy ! the cups are durable , the colors are nicer than shown online , and they stack well . this is one of my daughter's favorite toys .
for the price i paid for it , this is a great crib . the quality is fantastic . no regrets with this purchase
i love it and it is safe bpa free . i was having difficulty time to find a bpa free toy for my little one .
was searching for brush that doesnt tear off or splatters when i pull out from the bottle and this is it .
i love this video monitor ! it does exactly what it is supposed to do and it is conveniently portable enough for use anywhere !
my son loves this toy . there are several other versions of it , but we chose the robot one . it is very entertaining for my baby .
muy buen producto , facil de usar y de limpiar , si tienes espacio suficiente es una excelente compra , lo recomiendo 100 %
does what it should . i like that it is small and light weight .
easy to use for newborns and infants . very easy to clean . it helped with my baby's congestion so much . used consecutively with saline drops .
this is easy to install and the image isn't super distorted like other mirrors i have looked at . would buy again .
both my 2 and 4 yo love to play with toy keys , you might as well get a couple of sets at this price .
cheaply made and was returned to amazon . stitching was coming apart on the seams which is not a good thing .
i'm very pleased with the quality of this sleep sack . makes a great extra light layer . i definitely recommend it !
it clamps onto the pack-and-play perfectly . baby loves to look at it and the music is very relaxing . very good purchase .
great buy . this definitely makes bottle drying a lot easier and more sanitary . it helps me with my organization of the bottles .
i love the giraffe print . we bought the stroller blanket , crib sheets and diaper changer cover . all aden and anais products are soft , durable and adorable
this teether is just okay . my son doesn't seem to like teethers like this . maybe it's just his personal preference .
very cute toys for my child to play with during bath time . some of the animals look weird , but i am sure he will love them .
this cup works well but , wobbles too much . it's almost constantly falling over and hard for my 1 year old to catch .
but i got four sets already and i use this to attach all her little toys to the carseat , her jumper , and her exersaucers
these are the first liners i've ever bought and i think they are great especially since they stay dry even when the diaper is soaked .
this brand only chose good raw material and beautiful colors . very light , practical and easy to be managed . they have a complete mix of products .
love this with my sons bumbo . only down side is that my son grew too fast to use it for long .
great to be able to purchase replacements . we are getting years of use between children with playtex sippy cups ! they are by far our favorite kiddie cups !
very gender neutral great size for the mini crib and adorable on the mini crib i love it . highly recommend .
it is easy to use and quite comfortable . and the price is quite goodevery mom deserve to have one .
they work well , they are pretty and they come with caps . the caps are very useful especially when i need to carry them around in a bag .
beautiful toy for my 2 month baby , love it . a simple and shiny phone for your baby to enjoy .
put up with not a lot of things , but the classification is very easy , you can do more good for the baby , and stored
my little one likes playing with this in the bath & out - very entertaining ! will definitely hold on to this one for a while .
i wish i bought the jjcole's instead . these are so thin and the velcro strap always turns inward towards my sons face .
my baby loves this ! it's easy for her to grab and hold . she is fascinated by the showering water effect .
the babies liked this product , they can hold onto it and chew on it as needed . they also liked the smile on the face of the turtle
works great , love the bright colors and love the split ring on top so it is easy to hook onto a purse or diaper bag !
love this set . love the plate and how the removable blue rim helps coral the food onto the spoon . brilliant !
we have been using these monitors for a year now . we have had no problems with them . we can hear everything from my daughter's room .
love planet wise wetbags but the snap on the handle on this bag broke after a few weeks . otherwise its a great bag .
my tollder loves this . great for bedtme too as she can find her pacifier in the crib easily . would recommend .
these spoons are great . the size is perfect and they're soft enough for my son's mouth .
we have several because they are so gentle and teach baby very early on how to brush their teeth . get it !
we have tried many humidifiers earlier but this one was the best one . it doesn't make noise and works perfectly .
i'm avent client , and now with the second baby i'm complete accessories . sounds like a fabulous solution for drain their bottles .
just as it states . i don't use it anymore but it is a good product and allows for storage of more without having to mix separate bottles .
the ears of the toy knicked my daughter under the webbing of her tongue making her bleed and scaring the bejesus out of us ... horrible product
it's really great toy ! my 9 - month-old son plays with it every day.he loves the spinning ball at one end . i recommend it every mom .
the mattress was perfect for our babyletto crib . it's a very snug fit and firm . our baby sleeps quite well on it .
this is very soft and super cute ! my son is not quite use to it yet but he is starting to love it
this is a good sippy cup , but my daughter managed to chew through the nipple on several of these pretty quickly .
i've been using these on my little one's changing table to catch messes and to avoid having to wash his changing table cover so frequently .
very cute ! gender neutral and easy to locate in the dark - as opposed to the clear ones . this is baby's favorite pacifier .
small enough for the baby . i have this kind of nail clippers for myself . so i have no problem with using .
love this sheet . it is so cuddly and soft . i love the idea of her face and little hands feeling this sheet as she sleeps .
much better and way more comfortable than disposable pads . heat shape is odd but works .
these liners are a great size , but the microfleece washable liners i cut myself do a much better job and keep my baby dry .
if you hate germs these are wonderful they cover the table so baby can put food all over it and play with the pretty pictures as well
i got these for my 6 month old and they were too tight on his head . he hated them , kept pulling them off .
every pack n play owner should have one ! fits perfectly . so much more comfortable than the cardboard the playpen came with .
mom and dad are trekkies , perfect to go with parents . color didn't run and it didn't shrink . look forward to when she can fit it .
they do the job , but are a bit small . they wash up easily and without deterioration . cute and functional product .
only cup he will drink out of . you get the pick of the litter - a little frustrating . but great cup
work great , hold cloth diaper securely . not sharp so won't poke or scratch baby . i use with osocozy prefolds and thirsty snap wraps .
the kneeler in this set is good but the mat doesn't stick to the bottom of our tub . it floats .
this wasn't technically a necessity , but it does save counter space in my house and it's helpful for keeping drying bottle and pump parts organized .
i love this faucet cover i have it over a year , it really protects kids from burning or bumping and fits great , excellent product !
at 11 months the hamper is still going strong . just the right size too . i would recommend this to others .
we ultimately used them but they don't stay stuck and it's only because my daughter doesn't really care about these particular drawers that they haven't already been ripped off .
way too bulky for my thick leg baby boy . he couldn't walk , crawl right and looked uncomfortable . i returned and wont recommend these .
i like the hook and it holds up pretty well when i carried two bottles of soda . i recommend it .
we wound up not using this much . i just preferred to put my daughter's sippy cup pieces in the utensil baskets .
perfect potty stool and my three year old can easily move it back and forth from the potty to the sink to wash his hands .
it's very well designed , came highly recommended by my friends . unfortunately my son hates being constrained so we never used it .
it fits the crib just fine . its soft & doesnt rub my baby's skin . & the design is really cute
eh . the bj rain canopy is difficult to attach so it just kind of gets forgotten as yet another accessory .
i thought it was excessive to video monitor my child , but i was wrong . we love it and can watch her constantly .
i wanted to start early potty training with my 14 month old son and this was just small enough to start him with .
bought this for my grand son but he is only 2 days old lol . the different textures and bright colors are sure to be a hit ! !
this cover fits our bath spout perfectly ! ! my 1 - yr old loves it and i never have to worry about her getting hurt .
love the idea . we use these for our monthly photos for our little man . they stick well , come off well , and are very nice .
the pair worked great for a year . now neither will turn on automatically , i have to leave them on 24/7 .
this bag is great for me to carry things i need for my son it comes in so many difrent designs and has lots of room to be perpared
great quality matches few pieces i got and love jj cole , it looks like you can not go wrong with them
this is a nice lightweight sleep sack and is great to use over my daughter's pjs when i have the air conditioner on .
i received this bag today . the fabric on the side of the bag was yellow , and looked as it had been previously used . yuck
very comfortable . my son likes it , it is made with a great color blue , and the cup holders work great !
these combined with the punkin butt teething oil are one of my favorite go to combos for a bad night of teething . my daughter loves these things !
the muslin is nice and breathable but still keeps her warm and snug . she can still move about in it .
these worked so well that i wound up ordering several sets . this works great for anyone who wears a c cup or larger .
i love this pacifier . the stuffed animal helps to keep the pacifier in place for baby . also doubles as a cute toy .
love the item and it holds the pacifier quite well for a now 3month old , ( purchased when lil cherub was 5 weeks ) .
these seem to be good quality spoons that come in a variety of colors that serve their purpose . i would buy another set of these .
they do not work on really bulky outlets , but it worked pretty well on most our large outlets so that our baby can not get to them .
i use this to clean my toddler bottles . i love all the different sizes ; useful for cleaning bottles and my breast pumping accessories .
this really made my life easier in the beginning when i was getting no sleep lol its a great purchase
by poor teething baby loves these they dont need to be cold either he just loves them very worth it
i don't understand why they would make a product that does not fit standard corner tables ! i need to return this item
my daughter just put it on for her 2 year old , easy for her to wash her hands , she doesn't have to stretch over at the basin .
the pocket inside is perfect for the pads . i loved this cover and brought it everywhere i went . it was the best thing i bought for breastfeeding .
another one of my favorite diapers ! works great as an overnight night diaper with double inserts . never had a leak and fits comfortably on my little one .
brilliant at protecting leather seats and giving that extra grip to stop the car seat sliding even a little . recommend it really is good .
this little sippy cup with straw fits perfectly as a stocking stuffer , looks and works great . no complaints yet . :)
sooooooooo much better than wasting money on disposable nursing pads ... soft and hold up great over time ! ! do yourself a favor and buy them . now :)
my baby loved this nightlight but it broke after about 5 months of use ( the bottom piece came loose , so i will have to buy another one .
it is a very cute blankie . the fabric is very soft . i love the fact that it is made of organic material .
there is nothing special about this rattle , it's just a regular alright rattle . i'll probably not buy it if i found it in the store .
the plug outlets come out pretty easy and i feel they should fit more snug . the door covers work pretty well . overall ok product but not great .
this is nice to have to add drying space to the rack , but some of the branch angles aren't helpful . it's still cute .
this was an amazing product . my son used it and was walking shortly after using this . well built and well engineered .
this works very well for us . we could hear clearly and loudly as we would want . easily mobile and good price too .
this is known as the sanity keeper in our house . my 7 month old loves it . he even bounces when he's not in it now :-)
soft bristles are gentle enough for everyday use with baby . cleans well under tiny nails . great size for mom's hands . good construction , great value .
others complained about the smell ; i think the baby-powder smell helps to offset other odors .
this is the cutest walker i have ever seen . my little guy loves to push the button and the horn !
it has a lot of pockets and even includes aportable changing station , we are taking this bag everywhere , very useful
i am satisfied but not ecstatic . it is wider than most but still not as wide as i thought it would be .
great product and night light ; however quality is poor . it broke several months after using it and now sometimes doesn't turn on / off .
i could have bought 6 new cups for the price i paid for these . next time i will buy new cups instead .
im a little ocd with organization and these tickle my fancy perfectly . comes with stickers up to 12 months . it fits my wire shelving good .
one of my best purchases , i want one in every room because they are so easy to use !
i found this much more comfortable that the regular shields . if you're getting an extra set of shields consider upsizing .
it's what expected as far as quality for grobags . very soft and thick . kept my baby warm at night ! i recommend this item for 0-6 months .
this pack of 25 worked great . good deal compared to buying 1-3 at a time in a local store .
very soft and colorful and works great for little babies , makes bathing fun and complete . love these for my grand baby
i love these sippy cups ! as long as the valve inside the lid is in place , these cups will not leak .
fit great on my 8month old chucker legs . good value for 4 since most other leg warmers will cost you 10 bucks a pop .
these are great , soft and easy to use . we haven't had any leaks or blow-outs . great cover for the price and easy to wash .
this bath tub is too small for my 14 month old baby . i would not recommend to buy this . i just returned mine .
i love these little bowls . heavy and good quality , colors are bright and beautiful , good size for child portions and they wash up nicely .
this is a cute little accessory piece , not very functional as it only holds a nipple or two but it dresses up the little grass drying mat .
these nipples have been good for our primarily breast fed baby , but they do leak a lot , so you have to be careful and watch consumption .
they are good . as expected . ordered as replacement for the ones we had . needed some new ones and our local stores dont carry the mam brand .
i love this blanket . it is so soft and light . washes well . worth the price . wish they made one in adult size .
the monitor is very well put together . use it nearly every day wandering around the home . would purchase this again .
my wife pretty much states that this is the most comfortable chair she has ever been in . smooth glider nice for rocking a ton of kids in
this is just an average bottle brush , i have nothing special to say about it , nothing really to complain about .
purchased but not used yet . seems nice and soft . colors available are nice to . cant complain . hope baby loves it as much as i do
i love my planet wise wet / dry bags so much for my baby that i bought this for a friend who is expecting .
i love these containers , are very practicall , really easy to use especially if you are in the road , or outside home
i like these wipes much better than their newer quilted version . they are a little thin but otherwise work great !
not sure it is worth the money , but we've been pleased with this product . love that it has a heavy bottom to help prevent spills !
good design and nice pattern . easy to put together and made well . the kids are safe in the playard and it washed nicely .
does not roll very well . i should have listened to the other reviews . its cute but that is about all .
the baby liked to hold onto this item and play with it along with mouthing it and listening to the different sounds and feel the different textures .
soft and breathable sheets that fit well on my daughter's thick mattress . i will be ordering more soon ! very nice
fit on our mattress well , very easy to slip on . held together after the washing . haven't tried many washings yet however .
life saver ! the baby room doesn't smell , it's easy to operate , the refill bags are cheap enough and it's the perfect size .
these drops are so easy to use and mix in well with anything . baby doesn't even know it's in there .
very colorful and fun disposable placemats . i think these are a great deal because you get so many for the price .
this crib is very easy to assemble , stable and comfortable . the baby loves the cradle and mobility . he sleeps like an angel .
i like it , cute pattern , fits well . the colors are brighter than the photo shows , but otherwise as described . cute in my son's room .
excellent fit , good material and good color . washes very well and fits the crib mattress perfectly . good texture as well
this is exactly what i wanted . works perfect for the first years bottles and the gust years pump parts . great buy .
i gave this only three stars because it is hard to fold and my daughter occasionally pinches her fingers . okay .
i bought this because i heard so much about it ... it really is pretty great . definitely worth the money for how much use it gets !
i love this toy . the color and the fabric is lovely . but my boy does not like it very much . i don't know why ...
these bottles are excellent . i love that it has multiple measurements which makes it easy to make sure my son is getting the right amount
we tried all the expensive sippie cups , but both my boys preferred these . which works out well since they're constantly dropped and lost .
love taking his monthly photos ... the stickers are super cute and the pics really show growth over time ( so far have used through month 3 ! ) .
love this pattern and the name of the pattern is my grand daughter's so it is filled with her birth photos
this activity mat looks absolutely amazing . it has a lot of different activities to help stimulate a baby's learning process and curiosity . great item .
this brush definitely helps clean the lanisoh momma bottles better than most brushes but you don't really need it if you use a variety of bottles .
i wanted a direct replacement for the parts on my medela pump in style . they are exactly that . work great .
i love kiwi pie , but for some reason this one doesn't hold nearly as much as their newer fitteds . still super cute tho !
this drying rack has been perfect for my needs . it doesn't take up much counter space and has a pretty nice capacity .
the nipple size on these pacifiers is much smaller than a normal size pacifier . my daughter wouldn't take it . the description does say rounded small
great quality ! it fits my childs ' bed perfectly and looks great so colorfull . after several washes , it looks the same . recommend .
i purchased this because i wanted a dedicated place to store my storage bags . for those who use medela bags , they fit in this as well .
this was simply adorable ... hasn't been used yet , since baby hasn't arrived yet , but it is just as cute as it looks online !
i like the music but baby was only interested in this for a while before picking up another toy .
love , love , love this product ! works great and everything is sterilized in 6 mins or less . i definitely recommend this product to others !
the sheet is quite soft & cute . only prob i have is that its a bit big for the mattress that amazon paired as part of its recommendations
these are the cheapest liners i could find on amazon . they aren't as soft as bumkins ones we've used previously but get the job done .
fits perfectly in our pack and play . would definitely buy again if needed . contemplated buying a mini-crib , but this mattress in a pack n play combines perfectly
good quality kids dinnerware . nice heavy plastic , bright and vibrant colors and they wash well . very happy with them overall .
great pad for the price . shipping was quickly and pad fits the changing table perfectly . straps to keep baby stay on pad and soft surface .
endures many washes . design is pretty cute and hides stains well.the fabric is a little rough , as others have pointed out but not enough to upset me .
my son loves playing with these during bath time . they are cute and have held up very well , would buy as a gift to someone else again .
my daughter will able to use this blanket for many years to come ! it is so adorable and extremely soft . love this !
sturdy and comfortable ! my mom bought this for our baby present . worth the price !
baby loves it . good loud rattle . i wish the colors were brighter / more vibrant , but thats not a deal breaker in any way .
keeps baby busy . flaps and colors on mat are good for tummy time . you can add your own toys to this and it folds for easy storage
very nice , i love them , they are perfect , i will buy more of this ones ! thanks for all ! buy them
daughter chews through these spouts quickly , so it was great to find a 6 pack of replacement spouts . would purchase again !
best learning cup we have . although it is not completely spill proof , it is a great learning cup . the lid is helpful for travel .
this is not super fancy but its pretty and girly without being cloying . i wanted something simple for the crib while it's in our room and this works .
this is an amazing invention i wish i knew existed long ago . i only have e to remove this pad and throw it in the wash .
well priced and fit into all our outlets . easy to remove when we need to use the plug but too difficult for my daughter to remove them .
cute . they are a little thinner then i hoped for but they wash the baby
i washed this sheet before using it and it still fits , doesnt slip off , but is a bit snugger than i like .
my 3 month old loved this mirror . it was a big help in getting her more interested in tummy time and rolling . babies are such narcissists .
i bought this for my son's nursery . it's very cute and i get a lot of comments on it .
the crib is exactly as shown . well made , and easy to put together . ! looks amazing in the nursery ! very happy with this purchase .
the assembly was super easy . the handles are great for carrying the hamper downstairs to do laundry . very useful product . i may get more for other rooms
very nice price . good color . i haven't had the baby yet and this is a back up sheet so i haven't been able to use it yet .
i suppose simple is the point however these books could have added a little more texture to the photos . would not purchase again .
i use this everyday . very glad i bought this item since makes washing bottles easier and with twins i need easy .
mi nena lo adora , casi todas las noches se duerme con la musica.super recomendable , hermoso los colores que tiene , calidad impecable .
works exactly like you would think . we love using the medela bottles and will continue to do so as long as we need .
i bought this for my son's nursery and it is great . definitely helps me with storage space since the closet is small .
great cup ! i love how its bpa free .. its fantastic that you can seperate the handles too and modify the grip design .
just what the mommy to be wanted ! bought 2 as there are twin girls on the way ! we tried to buy many coordinating pieces
i have this crib in cognac . we received it late , but intact . it is very sturdy and very easy to put together .
love this tub ! she does not slip and it's very cute . easy to use , soft bottom and can be changed to an older childs tub
i like that this is pretty large but not obnoxious . it can fit a wide variety of toys . will buy another .
best price i could find a replacement set anywhere . is the original one .. so works great as a replacement set for the pump
simple , cheap and good looking toy . my 4 month old girl loves these . it is a simple toy that will entertain your baby for hours .
i bought a 2 - pack of these , and they became the de-facto pacifiers for my girl . they are virtually indestructible !
this cup was a little lighter then the other ones that we have and my daughter was able to use it easier . good purchase .
i like them for both the look and color . i just didn't use them for my few months old baby yet .
perfect for bringing lunch out for the little one and keeps lunch warm . doesn't leak and is the right size for now .
another famous babe toy , i bought it for my love , she doesn't show great intrest on that , however , the toy itself is not bad
i got this one on promotion with caddy for free . it's awesome , the car seat and the caddy are really comfy for me and the little one .
it looks cute but the wire is too short , the clip is big and hard which hurts my baby if he touches it .
thank goodness for this super warm and soft blanket since this winter has been extra snowy and cold . keeps our newborn warm and snuggly when we hold her .
my baby doesn't use any other kind . he only likes these pacifiers . great , easy to clean . i highly recommend this to any parent .
worked great in my bugaboo chameleon , almost too warm , a little big for a newborn . like that it's grows with my child .
i haven't used it yet , but it seems really complete and full of everything we will need and i liked it better than others i saw .
fits perfectly on the britax b-safe and stays on well . it is very quick and easy to put on as well . does the job .
i needed this for my son to nurse . they work great when needed . not much else to say but there is a word minimum on these reviews .
i bought this for my baby's laudry basket , and it works for it.however , it is not made very well and mine is broken already .
entertaining for baby . sometimes the mobile doesn't spin ? ! ? ! a quick turn back off then on usually fixes it ! it's ok
these are easy to pop in and out , and very sturdy . they are the best ones we've found other than the more expensive options .
good quality , no holes / spaces to fill with water so easy to clean . wish it came with 6 bugs instead of 3 .
we simply took of the red piece of plastic .. in my opinion , it is hazardous ! apart from that it works fine
great seat , and bought at a great price . easy to use and clean . straps easily to most chairs . love the portability .
no regrets on getting these ones so far , they look pretty attractive , everybody asks where you got them , easy to clean , etc .
the ergo is easy to use and well made . much easier than a moby ( which i also own ) to get the baby in and buckled up .
we added this to our north states gate to span about 14 feet across our living room . it's sturdy and keeps kids contained .
this was nicer than i thought it was going to be . it has nice padding and fits the mattress perfectly .
you either get a leaky sippy cup or you get a total air-tight vacuumed sippy cup . both make life difficult .
it's super comfortable and pretty . i would highly recommend this product . it also does not bunch up and fits comfortably in any bra .
fyi , nice color and quality seems good for the price also . geez i have to write more words to get this submitted .
it fits in even the smallest bottles ( medela breast milk storage bottles ) and seems to get every inch ! my absolute favorite bottle brush !
no complaints other than this is smaller than i thought . probably wouldn't have kept it in hindsight but no major complaints .
i live in az and it's nice to put my twins in a light weight blanket sleeper at night.great quality .
in my jeep , which does not have detachable headrests in the back . makes attaching most mirrors very difficult . this one works great .
luvable friends 4 pack super-soft washcloths , pink : this washcloths is nice and soft , well made , and has nice bright colors .
the sheets work perfectly for my newborn's bassinet . they are soft and fit well . i am happy with this purchase .
these diapers will work great on my grand baby . i read great reviews about these so i knew they would be fabulous .
i live this monitor ! as a new parent this put me at ease knowing my baby is safer during the night .
good quality , and slight enough for carrying , and must be suitbale for my new coming baby . i do like it !
see the headline . my toddler chews right through these after a month of ownership , and he's only 12 months . will not buy again .
i love this for tiny stuff , in the dishwasher , it works great , and dont take a lot of space since is small and thin
i like this cover over prefolds . holds up well so far . 4 stars not 5 because there are no leg gussets :(
my son loves his new chair , the chair is light weigth , easy to move around , great quality chair . also very easy to clean .
i have tried tons of different bumpers and my favorite is prince lionheart , it is easy to apply and is nice looking as well .
we have been using the giraffe mat since we brought my son home from the hospital 3 months ago . great for tummy time , reading books or playing .
my son loves these sheets ! they fit perfectly on his toddler mattress . they wash well , and are adorable . would definitely buy again .
i make all my own baby food and i love these things . perfect for getting out just the amount of food that i need ! !
very nice on the go changing pad that i purchased as a baby shower gift to go with another diaper bag i purchased .
the clothes with stripes patterns or polk a dots are actually quite rough for babies skin . the solid colors are best .
the baby was only 6 months old when purchased , i think this was a little too young for her to really enjoy this type of toy
smells so good and seems to work well for cradle cap ! it's a good amount of the money , too . love it !
perfect for protecting the dinner table against those messy little eaters . works great for traveling too ! easy to clean and easy to store .
i'm not sure why i purchased this through amazon , it was cheaper at target , at least i got the colors i wanted .
fits my changing pad perfectly and is very soft ! super cute design , exactly what i was expecting . absolutely love it !
these are very handy ! the screw on top makes it well worth it and the stackable , locking jars are perfect for storage .
my baby loved this swaddle the first two weeks of her life . we still use it now that she's 3 weeks old but we use the aiden ones too
not much else to say except that this is a great price for the items , and they work just fine with my pump .
i bought this mostly for the brush but the straws were surprisingly easy to install in the cups ! so overall i am happy with this !
this is a great item for baby's to learn standing , jumping , grabbing and feeling . my daughter is 3.5 months and loves it !
great for avocado and banana puree ! easy to wash and use . one of our most used tools in making baby food
this keeps bottles cold all day . i have dr . brown's bottles and it will only fit two tall bottles . however , it serves its purpose .
they look good but my baby is not here to try them yet ! good solid looks . nice nipple . nice glow handle
we followed directions for installation and do not overload it . holds 2 soaps / shampoos 2 wash rags and a few toys . no problems . love it !
he can stare at it for a very long time . he is mesmerized and it keeps him calm . i wish i had found this sooner !
it's ok . my 4 month old son likes it , but doesn't play with it for long . . . . .
my little one isn't here yet but i put these on her car seat straps today and they are so soft and adorable ! ! love them .
these are nice prefolds . we've used them as diapers , as burp cloths , even as changing pads . every parent should get a dozen .
great for my toddler's little hands as she's learning to drink from a cup and i don't have to worry about her breaking it .
our son loves this book and especially the crinkly parts which he can play with . i also like the graphics and colours .
have plug-in style at home but portability was important for use at daycare . this item is well-constructed , looks nice , and functions as expected .
works well as an extension . the extension is easy to add-on . make sure that the extension will get you the right size gate , that is tricky .
my 7 month old loves this feeder and its very easy to clean . i have tried fresh apple in it so far and it keeps him entertained !
the digital temp display works on this but the lights to show if its too hot or too cold do not work .
i absolutely love this changing table ! it was easy to put together , cheap , and it looks amazing ! i highly recommend this product !
its a good length & so far , pretty durable . just very difficult on my faucet , which is pretty large in girth
cheap replacement for the medela series , good to have multiples around for convenience and as you will eventually lose some of them .
if you have a maclaren , this is a must have ! i have it on my quest and use it all the time !
if you dont have the money to buy a medella pump , also be sure to check with your insurance and or wic first they give free medella pumps away
it is not bad . it works but not 100 % perfect , sometimes it does not show on the screen . but not bad for the cheap price
firm and its fits very well . no gaps along edge . would definitely recommend . fits perfectly in my graco play yard .
i love tommee tippee products and this one was exactly what i needed . great flow , really flexible and arrived right on time .
so glad to have an extra car seat base for our second vehicle . easy to install and fits our snugride classic . exactly as expected .
my 2 year old loves dora . these are too small to really even hold water to squirt . disappointing . she's completely uninterested .
stylish , keeps me from bending over so much from a child that likes to knock things over for attention . would buy again if we needed it .
got this for my 9 month old and she play's with it in her crib at night we love it ! !
this was perfect for my son when we traveled to see the family out of state . now we keep it at home almost as a toy box . lol
these are great for the price , quantity in package and very cute . they were bought for use as receiving blankets and so far i have no complaints .
i like the price but my infant loves the colors of this rattle . this is her favorite rattle as it's easy to grasp and the colors are bright .
great multi-use for chewing , playing and attaching toys . safer plastic too . baby likes the multitextures and ability not to loose his toys off his carseat .
purchased this for my 2 yr old nephew and he loves them so much that he uses then in the tub and out of the tub .
our son was a 3 pound preemie and even with his little mouth , he was able to suck on this pacifier . he loved it !
a must have he loves this chair ... he looked so cute and he loves to play and play , he expend hours in this chair with out complayning
my 3 year old loves when i throw these bugs in the tub makes bath time a ton of fun !
just recently started cloth wipes , it keeps them at just the right temperture but on disposables they get cold fast
i love that they are silicone . good both for feeding baby and not for toddler who's ( sort of ) feeding himself .
i put frozen fruit in these things when my baby is teething or fussy and it works like a charm . they are easy to clean and amazing !
it came fast and looks great in the nursery much more durable with a toddler than the wooden ones and safer
way too big for a baby just starting to use a cup or a toddler . disappointed because exactly what i was l
the advertisement is misleading . they are not " waterproof . " they are useful as light cloth bibs to wipe drool for a 3 months old baby .
i bought it for my grandson who doesn't like it . he likes sophie the giraffe and green spouts sili paw teether but ignores this .
thes bottle matches perfectly with the little skip hop backpack and has a good size por a toddler's day at the daycare .
i ordered 6 of these when my daughter was born , and we are still using the same ones 18 months later . they are super sturdy and durable .
it's so nice and cute , and the baby loves it . it was real easy to wrap her up in , and it worked perfect
these are great little hooks for he back of the stroller . i love that the hooks turn around and are strong !
this did not fit my ergo performance carrier . the clip was the wrong type and size to buckle back into the carrier .
these are great and every single time we have used these we haven't had anything leak outside of the underwear . i bought two & im very satisfied with them
these have worked out really well since i started feeding my 7 month old baby food . they have been washed multiple times but still look like new .
lids don't fit , and cube size is not useful . it's just under an ounce , and hard to get it just right for half an ounce .
we surprised our 2yr old daughter with this basketball set for the tub . she absolutely loves it & does not want bath time to end !
this works great for protecting your cars interior from a car seat base . i am happy with this purchase and recommend this product .
we live in a watershed area that is full of mosquitos and this is a lifesaver since walks would be pretty itchy without it ! fits the stroller well .
our daughter requested this . it matches others that she has in baby's room . they hold a lot so room is organized
reasons why i love it ... light weightwipeable seat [ poop happens ] consumer reports ratingcomfortable to carrymy baby loves itit's truly snug .
soft , clean , well made . really like this brush and our baby seems to really enjoy the way it feels on his scalp .
me and baby have a bedtime routine of bath , than pjs , than rocking and listening to the sound machine . she loves it .
this is a nice , thick crib pad . it doesn't have elastic but it's so thick that it will remain flat under a fitted sheet .
we bought some of these and some of the latex , and these silicone ones leaked horribly for us . ( we used them on gerber bottles )
haven't used it for too long yet , but fits well in toyota camry , stays in place and covers most of the surface the car seat is on .
good item to place in 11-13 gallon trash with spin lid.stays sturdy after hot water wash and gentle dry with cloth diapers and cloth wipes .
i love it , its easy to put on and take off . my daughter hasnt had any smashed fingers since we've had it yay ! ! !
i used these for my newborn he took right to them the only issue is the nipples wear out quickly so get replacements
these avent products are environmentally safe and just what a new mother needs to start the journey . they have proved to be more than a mere starter kit
this crib is just as lovely as the picture . there was no problem with assembly . the baby likes it and i like it .
i have the kolcraft bassinet and the sheets work perfectly with it . nice color with soft material for our baby .
these are a must have with kiddos learning to self feed ! ! ! they catch it all and are easy to rinse and wash with the meals dishes !
they're colorful little cups that are perfectly sized for small hands . there's not much else to say about them . daughter uses them and likes them .
these are the softest baby mittens i have ever come across . they should make more of these in bigger sizes and different colors .
we bought this because this is a good brand to use . we love how big these are and they are so easy for someone to mix formula in .
the base is ceramic and is very easy to break . in fact our first one was damaged upon arrival and had to be returned .
this sheet is made from a very soft high quality cotton . just what you want for your little one's delicate skin .
good mattress pad . i like it because it is very light weight and not bulky like some other pads . works well on my daughter's crib mattress .
this has been a great teether for my daughter . she loves it every time she sees it , so i got one more for her new baby cousin .
the product is good but we had some difficulty setting it on the right place , it keeps falling down or moving from side to side .
bought because it was thought it wasn't made in china , that was a big deal with the first child but it is made in china .
these are exactly the same as the playtex ones . don't believe the reviews that say otherwise . save a few bucks .
muy comodo y efectivo para llevar las cosas de mi bebe , altamente recomendado a las personas que esten pensando adquirirlo
these are easy to use and the stick well . they also peel off easily enough that you don't have white tape residue stuck to your tupperware !
i got this for my granddaughter . the original straw is lasting much longer than i thought . haven't had to use the replacement yet .
wonderful tub faucet protector for baby bath time . a good investment to save you little one's head from bumping the faucet .
word of mouth is very good , hope it is useful . in our city sunshine is not abundant , so the kids need to double food .
looked big enough to last for the whole diaper age of the kid , but its a little small.quality is good as expected , and overall its nice .
great toy , bright colors to point out . also makes a good noise that allows my son to follow the toy from side to side .
saved our car rides , our baby loves this thing . being able to time it for 30 or 60 mins is a plus !
this item is great . so far he lets us use it with a smile . he got really upset with the old bulb thing.worth every penny ! !
they great for my 6 month baby girl . they easy to grab et very cute i'm glad i buy them
we have tried so many different sleeping bags but have found the halo sleepsack to be the best . bub sleeps like a dream all year round in these .
got it elsewhere , but i love this ! it even lures me to sleep . not a fan of the womb sound , but the others are great .
i love the pattern on these bibs . the front of the bib is easily wiped off . they are not soft fabric and are plastic .
it attaches really easy . nice fabric and i really like the pattern . good weight , not too light or too heavy .
these pacifiers are awesome . my son loves them so much and they calm him down almost immediately unless he's hungry of course .
my baby absolutely loved this toy and played with it countless times ! ! !
it's a little on the hard side , but it fits the bed well . maybe after it gets broken in it will soften up .
i bought this for my son when he started crawling . this is ideal for the safety of toddlers . great price too !
the bottom keeps the bowls on the table . because it is made of plastic you are not afraid the toddler may throw it to the floor .
my baby enjoys jumping in this but he's already bored with the toys that are attached to this . he enjoys his exersaucer more .
used all last summer - love this suit . velcro makes for easy on / off . no leaks or mess in the pool . no brainer !
this was my son's favorite but not for the teething aspect but for the textures that he could feel for his mouth ,
i actually prefer this base to the deluxe one that came with the seat . it is smaller and my other kids seats fit better beside it .
my 7 month old is always eating the toys on tags so i purchased this . she likes it best when she is going down for a nap .
they don't stay in place but they are nice and thick and soft . i am glad i bought . they're a good investment .
i bought these as " big girl " cups for my 3 yr old . she likes them and they are easy for her to hold and drink from .
i spent days searching for a playard that wasn't an eyesore . this is modern , clean looking and functions perfectly . obsessed .
fits the bassinet cushion .. soft . when my daughter arrives .. we'll see if she like it . looks like a good product so far .
these are very cute . so easy to put up . def use 2 people and foil . really adds something special to the nursery .
the sizing on this product runs very small , especially if you are large chested . my baby doesn't seem very comfortable in it .
the sign itself is decent enough . however if you have tinted windows you will not be able to see it very well .
wasnt crazy about the product the plastic was making my sun sweat . i would of proferred the inside be cotton .
lots of liners cheap , smaller than the playtex brand , but still holds 8oz and no leaks in playtex or walmart parents choice bottles ..
love these brands but they are not as soft as the bamboo .. like others said the print is rough . a few more washes and it should be good
when i put it in the door way it isnt that sturdy to me and allows the door to close and almost shut
i found this on amazon for half the price of other places . works great , fits pottery barn baby changing covers .
if you have a nuk bottle , you'll need bunch of these replacement spouts so that you don't have to keep buying new bottles .
it is just the right size for our living room . it is comfy and sturdy . i love the color of purple that we chose .
these are too cheap and chinsy for me ... and the stains never come out ... after a wash or two they look terrible .
it was a lot smaller than i thought it would be and i have a lot of problems with it leaking from the very beginning .
you have to buy this for small children ! i have a two year old that gets into everything ! this keep her out of my kitchen
essential if you are using cloth diapers and don't want to soak your entire bathroom .
soft sheets and i love the design . fits our crib mattress perfectly . makes me smile every time we use it !
i cant imagine pumping without this thing ! i can play with my daughter and pump at the same time ! its great .
better than the previous cotton fitted sheet , as in warmer but not as soft and fuzzy as i would like .
good idea and cute frog , but the fit is not adjustable and if you have a thin faucet this will just fall right off .
very simple toy , the sound is very low and i not indicate this product since my baby didn't give any attention for it .
it's so thin i can see through the patterns of the mattress . but it's decent for the price . soft .. not bad .
i bought this and it quit working at the 6 month mark and the charger wouldn't charge it anymore . it was good while it lasted !
pfits perfectly on our changing table and keeps everything nearby . i assumed it would also fit the same brand wipe warmer but it does not .
they are a good product but they are a little smaller than they said they would be . my son only weighs 33 pounds and the barely
very good , i hope my daughter loves , my daughter is too young , still use it not very good , i was prepared for her
our dog chewed it ! ugh ... lol . its a really nice rattle though . its big enough for him to hold and the sound keeps his attention .
we used this all the past summer , it was very convenient to carry to central park , it looks pretty , is durable .
there are better bath toys out there . they look cute but that's about it . kids sort of like them but by far not their favorites .
battery like is great , and the sound is very good . i will suggest a volume for future products . besides that , is perfect
theses are exactly what i expected , ordered an extra set to cut down on washing initial set all the time !
the only spoon and for my 14 month old would use ! ! i love it !
the lids snap on really well and it was easy to pop out the cubes of breast milk by running a little hot water over the back .
great product , its kinda heavy due to all the padding but it lasted my daughter for her full 1st year ... we are happy ...
super nice looking and i've found that it keeps wipes still nice and moist . wipes pull out nicely as well .
this bottle rack is perfect for the organized user . the rows fold down for easy storage . it's made of durable plastic and can been sanitized if needed .
this is a good buy . you can start feeding your young one with this and building up her / his strength in back and neck .
i love the color , which is hard to find in stores . good quality and washes well . it's a good buy .
color looks just as pictured . deep rich navy . they are a little thin , but not ridiculous . and they wash well .
these are soft on one side and scrubby on the other so they work great . big enough , also wash well .
my baby stares at the toys and loves the massage she gets from the vibration in it . just love it
this is perfect for a second baby clothes hamper . did not tip over and lightweight to carry to laundry . i would buy again .
i like this bottle - the curved design makes it easier for me to hold it while baby is drinking
but i don't and they are re-usable and create an extra dry layer for night time or when we use any kind of diaper cream .
i was a little skeptical because i tried a cheaper generic brand before that was terrible . these liners work just as well as the more expensive brand .
saved my back . there isn't much to it but there really isn't supoose to be i guess , but my back is saved
great , simple cups that are the right size for my two-year-old to easily grab and drink . the price is great , too !
pros : easy size handle to hold for a toddlerhave held up through numerous dishwasher cycles over 2 yearscons : none
we are using this every day and we love it . it fits perfectly to our tub and the kids love taking baths in it .
great sheet ! fit my standard size sealy mattress perfectly and chocolate color matched the wood furniture in the room . not too thin ... just right !
baby shower gift . loved it . super cute ! shipped on time ! would shop again if need too . would tell people excellent place !
these look like great fun for little ones . to watch them grow in playing . how fun is that . thank you
this is my go-to wet bag to keep in my diaper bag . it can easily hold 3-4 cloth diapers and wipes .
love this pattern . has held up well with washing ! no tears , or holes . well made . would purchase more planet wise bags in this pattern .
it's a great watch i just wish you could set for like 40 or 45 minutes ... because that's when my daughter always seems to pee
i love this pillow . i am 5 months pregnancy and this is helping me with my lower back pain .
our daughter loves these . she does an excellent job of feeding herself . they are light but sturdy and easy for her to maneuver .
good . i love this pillow so much . it works great with breastfeeding and my son sleeps so well on it .
great price , reliable brand , and while i can't speak from experience my child seems to like it and she sleeps like a baby on it .
husband and i never got the hang of this blanket . now we use a halo sack to swaddle , which is sooo much easier !
this is a good burb cloth . i didn't realize babies burb up so much milk but this did the job of protecting my clothes .
poor raw material . the information wasn't enough to differentiate this model of the best raw material of the brand that doesn't need adapters .
works well . my daughter likes them . they are messy though . not too bad . great to get babies to learn to feed themselves .
its cute , it makes me want to chew it . but it squeaks with every bite . like a dogs chew toy . very annoying
love these . the animal provides a little weight so an infant doesn't spit it out . also , easy for them to find in the crib at night .
i don't have any complaints it seems like a well made toy . abit on the price side but my daughter didn't take to it at all .
i love this set . it is soft and super absorbent . my daughter loves to be wrapped up in these after a bath .
it doesn't stand up ... it's ok my daughter likes playing with it but it sux it lays flat not worth the $ 16 i paid
great addition to your bath tub sessions .. soft enough so your baby will like to bite and shew ! ! ! .
its an ok diapper pail . im not a big fan of fuzzie fabrick . but its nice for the price and a good size .
this book is great . there is a lot of space for each milestone and a lot of different types of information to record .
we've tried the avent's and others - the mam's are the ones that she keeps in her mouth . :) definitely a go to choice !
these are easy enough for adults to use , but too complicated for little people to figure out on their own .
got this for our new mini crib . fits the mattress just fine and is so very very soft . we will be getting more in other colors :)
the baby doesn't love , also often wrestle it to the ground . in two or three times , this has been completely idle . waste of money .
love see spoons . great for when my toddler tries to feed himself and very colorful . i would buy these again in the future
very small . only fits maybe two diapers so great for the car i suppose . great quality but i use the large bags more than this .
my 5 month old daughter loves to play and chew on this . it's soft , pretty colors and cute . we love owls !
keeps the arms in but does not keep the legs up . my son would not sleep in these because it left his legs too free .
these stickers work well on bottles and peel off with no issues . i use them on born free bottles with no problems .
great for little hands and mouths . we hook this toy on my sons infant carrier using rings and he enjoys playing on the go .
great but haven't got a chance to use it so far ! i should really bought the package one with a toothpaste in it to save money .
came very fast , exactly what i needed . fits well , easy to put on . have not used it yet-only tried it on but it looks great .
so far it's holding up to daily use . keeps cold for hours in a cooler and lunch bags . will order more when i'm ready .
i tried at least 10 cups when looking for my baby girl . she does the best with these and loves them ! no leaks !
this was a life saver ! best bath tub for its side . lightweight and enough room for my lo who is 8 months old to play .
we love it . once we figured out how to use it for bottles and bottles of baby food . very convenient .
did not work at all in my son's room . virtually had no smell or impact on the diaper smell in the room
all baby bottle supplies fit fine with no issues . seems sturdy , items come out clean . no complaints .
these work well , but are a little big to fit on the avent pumps . takes a little finagling but they work .
i love the design , how it feels and the price . something i would order again or even tell a friend
good concept , bad adhesive . my son pulled these all off the coffee table within a couple of weeks .
great for a baby just starting to hold and play with toys and teeth . bright and pretty and very nice quality .
it is rolled up , and for some reason we can't get it to stay flat in the tub during my son's bath .
it is easy to use ! although the magnifer not really useful , but the clipper is in very good quality ! ! ! good for baby
i heard this product from others , haven't use it for my love because it's a bit of bigger , i may use it later .
can't wait to use this . very nice design for a girl or boy and sturdy material . i will definitely purchase again .
se voc quer levar ser carrinho nas viagens , é uma boa opo para mant-lo limpo e conservá-lo por mais tempo .
my little grandson is 13 months old and loves this cup , it is his favorite he thinks he is a big boy now
i like it and i use it . but it's so cramped inside that i don't dare put much in it for fear the nipples won't get clean enough .
we bought the bob se and this to use with the graco snugride 35 . fits securely and the carseat snaps into place .
i bought this as a gift after a family member used the same item for their newborn . it has multiple sounds to soothe the little one to sleep .
easy to use cleans the bottles ' it gets the job done , doesn't stink like the spongy ones had tried others good
i got this as i am trying ec and it is nice a sturdy so i feel safe having my infant on it .
my baby loved this for the first week , while it worked . it stopped making noise after only a week . beware !
boy we go through these quickly . i love that they have little holes so you can put it on the dishwasher prong and it stays secure .
my 5 month old daughter loves these , they were a gift . just ordered a set for my neice for christmas .
these are perfect to keep toys attached to carseat or stroller as my daughter is a pro at throwing things she no longer wants !
these work fantastic and i've had no problems with them whatsoever . they fit to my breastpump and they are super easy to clean and dry .
i love this tinker bell cup ! my daughter will too :) we bought it for a stocking stuffer . good price and quality !
absolutely adorable . goes perfectly with the rest of the room . the colors are so bright and the product itself seems very sturdy .
i love my bob stroller and am so glad we can use this adapter with the car seat . works great .
a must have ! it is nearly impossible to trim a baby's nails with regular clippers . these are so incredibly easy to use .
grandson loves this . . great with suction cup to keep it on a table surface many moving parts and bright colors !
my 6mo . old son loves to eat with these . he likes to gum them when he's teething too . a great first spoon !
no complaints here . these work just as they should with my medela pump in style . they arrived on time and are the standard size i needed .
highly recommend this to anyone with carpet . its a lifesaver ! i will probably use it even when we move and have hardwood floors .
these elmo fork and spoon set were a gift . anything elmo for a toddler ... how can it not be a hit .
these washcloths could be a bit larger and softer , but they generally get the job done . i do like the colors / prints .
excellent product ; i thought that it is a little bit too hard but i guess this is how it suppose to be for a newborn
maybe it is better for when he is older but so far he's not been mad keen on it yet
very good , very light , it is convenient to use , but also can clearly display the temperature of the water , recommend to every mother
this is the best power strip cover i have found . we tried the mommy's helper cover but it doesn't shut very securely and doesn't fit some larger plugs .
my baby loves the organic farm buddies . i only wish they had more toy options . also buying these as gifts for friends .
super cute and just love the floaties . great price , made a perfect baby shower gift , gender neutral makes it an easy pick
the parts are just what i had expected ... all came in undamaged , work fine . not much else to say about them .
i love these ! they are very soft , and seem to be holding up through multiple washes . i use these as washcloths and to wipe baby's face .
so glad that my wife found this product . i was totally disgusted by it initially , but it works great . thanks !
my son's pt recommended we get these for help during tummy time - they held his interest as we moved them
my grandson has so many of these he loves his little stuffed animals with the pacifiers . i think he has just about everyone that has been made .
so helpful . can throw this on and nurse comfortably anywhere . plenty of fabric , compact for travel . i wish they offered more color options .
these really save time by canceling the need to dunk or spray diapers to get rid of solids before laundering .
i got 2 of this ithems , and am love it them , they are good quality , nice shape and great colors
worked great for a few weeks but living in a hot humid climate the seals eventually loosened up . very easy to use and install
when we didn't want to push our active 2 year old around , this was great for gate checking the umbrella stroller at the airport .
my little one loves these bottles . the size is perfect and the design makes it easy for her to hold . the drop-ins make clean up easy !
i'd say this is a must have for baby's bath . it was really easy to put on and it stays in place .
1 ) buy two baby washcloths 2 ) sew / stick velcro to the sides 3 ) attach to carrier 4 ) save $ 205 ) thank me later
this is one great bath toy bag which i used to store the squirters . they were really value for money .
if you are looking for something does the job , this is it . with it's price , don't expect too much . good for travleing
super easy to wash . soft and comfortable for nursing and playing . the color is great . i did have to cut off the many tags though .
this has contained my son's bath toys very well and has not slipped down or fallen at all . :) it even fits larger bath toys . five stars !
the clip is a little difficult to undo , but it isn't too big to fit comfertably on the baby's clothes , and it holds the pacifier in place .
works in my pump in style . a little more flexible so it coils up nicely in the front pocket . no change in pumping output .
love this mattress and the price could not be beat ... and fast free shipping ! i couldn't wait to recommend this product to all my expecting friends
i have this in my son's bedside crib . it does its job ! keeps everything dry and clean from what i can see .
i didn't have time to attempt to make them myself , which would have been cheaper . they were definately worth the money spent .
this is super cute and works great . it catches most of what the babe drops , wipes up easily , and pops in the washer . love it !
little hands don't get stuck in the soft flaps as they do others . a bit of rationing for otherwise gobbled up snacks . good investment for me .
we purchased one of these a few months back . we love the see through panel . the gate itself works better if hardware mounted .
this juice box holder is so functional - holds all types of juice boxes and bottles for my little one ( 14 months )
good ! it is so pretty ! my daughter is only two months so wait till she grows bigger to use it .
works well with pampers wipes and takes the edge off their coldness which makes our baby much happier during diaper changes
these are very absorbent but my little guy still notices when he is wetting . i'm very please with these , just wish they were a little less pricey !
i got this for my daughter but lost it while moving ... it heats evenly and fast .. so i bought another for my son ..
my 5 month old son really enjoys this toy when it dangles off his gym . he enjoys chewing on the tail the most .
magnifier is kind of a waste , but i have good vision . clipper works great and is perfect size for tiny fingernails !
we probably change these out every other day , which is a lot easier than cleaning the changing pad cover every time .
i love most anything john deere and these sippy cups are no exception . they are adorable and the price is great . so cute !
love our new chewbeads necklace . my 5 month old daughter just started teething and loves this . we more so love the turquoise color that catches her eye !
good for the price . they washed ok . it's always good to have extra washcloths for new babies , as they do soil themselves very often .
1 ) 1 was broken upon arrival . the others installed fine . 2 ) 1 has broken within 1 month of use . the others are still working .
these are great for those little ones who are learning to eat on their own . my child loves using these .
just perfect , we love it . it's not in your way while pushing your stroller , plus the cup holders are insulated . so worth the money .
my son wears this every day . doesn't look girly at all . get tons of compliments on it . teething necklace . .
this cover has pretty fabric and good frontal coverage . wish their was more coverage in the back . like how it goes over my shoulders .
these do the job . we have two packages . worked well through the infant feeding stage . they do not show wash wear .
we got this as a gift since our little girl who loves hers and it was beautiful and incredibly soft .
just couldn't ask for a better diaper disposal unit . keeps it contained and odor free . highly recommend it to all new parents .
easy to use , lets baby's arms be in or out , and the zipper goes the right way to allow easier access for diaper changes .
my son likes that it has mickey on it . the ear compartments are really small . the colors and printing faded in the dishwasher .
i was disappointed ... these are thicker than the ones we got from the hospital and my baby could tell the difference .
works well but its a little expensive . dawn dish soap works a little better and is a much cheaper option .
very happy i bought this set .. it looks very cute & feels so soft .. the price is unbeatable .. definitely would buy it again :)
easy to put together and real sturdy for the fact that the legs and pegs are thin . i would recommend it !
many of these ! great for hooking a lot of toys to the car seat , the crib , etc ! the links are eve fun just by themselves !
the baby bjorn sheets are so expensive . this fits perfectly and is good quality . save your money and go for this one
must have . it has space for bottles ( standard neck ) , a pouch for my phone , space to throw in pacifiers and what nots .
solid piece , looks good and actually easy to put together . shelves are not very deep though , so does not fit much .
these are super ! they never slip and are strong . they seem a bit pricey , but they're well worth it . i'm very happy with the purchase .
this is really helping my two year old learn colors . its convenient to carry and its not loose cards to lose
love this ! i have tons of these as my baby is a very messy spitter.and this saves me time on not having to wash the very-tight-you-would-only-want-to-wash-once-a-year crib sheet .
my granddaughter just loves this little toy . it keeps her occupied for quite a while . its well made as well .
it works ... it is much less expensive than buying a brand name one . i'm very satisfied with the quality and price .
great for covering the stroller or car seat to keep bugs out on a walk . it is big , but i figure better too big than too small .
i like this teether . it works perfect for baby needs . i like price . quality of material is also good . i will definitely recommend it .
for all those ec moms , this is a perfect product . it's a nice small size ( for infants ) and easy to use and clean .
product tag says wipe clean . description led me to believe it was machine washable which is what i was looking for .
exactly what i wanted . simple , plug in to the outlet , no nonsense , barely noticeable , and clear . i bought some for travel as well .
love the concept of these but it does leak sometimes which can be a pain . very easy to drink out of .
my baby loves this toy and gets excited every single time it plays music . best price i could find out there !
i returned these plugs because they did not fit tight in my outlets . a baby could get them out easy .
i have the barnyard pattern one and it is soft and lightweight which is nice for summer .
while this is a really great concept and i really wanted it to help child-proof my kitchen , it does not work on my oven . ;(
my niece loves this toy . she wont let go of it . its very durable and definetly baby approved by her . she is 3 1/2 months .
exactly what i needed . works wonderfully with my first years umbrella stroller . i semi-attach it pull it down for late day walks .
i would recommend this product . easy to clean and easy to setup and breakdown . i take it wherever i go .
sad to say this sheep does not work . after the 3 day it stopped playing then it started back and stopped again waste of money
we use these for the inside of toddler room and to keep him out of the bathroom . i highly recommend this product ,
what can i say ... cute as a bug ... price was great , they are very cute , perfect for my grandchild ( bedroom decorated in ladybugs )
cute colors - good pack of spoons and so soft ... my 3 month old loves them and eats baby cereal using them very well ! !
these are a little on the thin side , but they are basically fine . they don't shrink in the wash and have held up just fine so far .
these are hands down the best nail clippers for babies . the safety light is really helpful .
i wasn't able to use these because they didn't work with the ( supposedly standard size ) bottles and rings that i have . good thing they were cheap !
my son's favorite pacifier . these are the only ones he really liked . the hospital gave us a bunch of these and we bought more .
i love this cover ! the dots are really cute , the fabric is super soft and it is really easy to wash .
i pump into born free glass bottles using a medela pump , so i needed an adapter.perfect fit . no complaints .
had this for about 4 months still looks brand new . i would definitely buy this again . would recommend to others
keeps contents cool as advertised , easy to carry around and clean . fits the perfect amount of milk for our baby when we're out .
love these toys for the baby.our baby is very young but just learning to grasp and we are prepared well
perfect letters for my nursery . they look very clean hung by themselves . they come with blue , pink , green ribbon for hanging .
i use this laundry hamper for my little baby girl ... this looks very neat . its a very colorful and a pretty product ...
this product has been wonders for my 1st grand child . she loves all the activities she can hear and do . very stimulating .
it looks like a dog toy but the baby loves it ! she can chew it from any angle and can hold it easily in her tiny hands .
my daughter has a relatively small nursery so this 4 in 1 crib with changer is a practical purchase . it sets the tone for the nursery decor
i got these inserts for my fuzzi bunz diapers and they are amazing ! they are super absorbent and great for doubling up with the small insert for overnight !
my baby love this bottles . and my wife also love it 9oz for grow with your baby . feel and look great
obviously you should not stick this up your kid's nose , but it is handy for the getting those boogies that are right on the edge .
this warmer has a timer on it up to 30 minutes but the bottles i use aren't warmed within that timeframe .
this medela dics collar , slow flow nipple and clear bottle cap replacement performed exactly as advertised . happily using it in our home .
this is a nice mirror , but none of the adaptions worked for our car . i had to return it to amazon .
returned . nipple hole was ripped . haven't had a chance to use it yet ... maybe received a defective one ? will buy a different item .
love this ! it attaches easily to both my strollers ( first years the wave & britax b agile ) and carseat ( chicco key fit 30 )
it is far the best and most comfortable pillow for bathing ! our son is so relaxed and loves his bath time !
got this as a gift for my god daughter and i have been told it is a great tub toy and she has a lot of fun with it !
i love these little blankets . they get softer as you wash them . they are the perfect size for my toddler to carry around .
it's very comfortable and it was very easy to assemble . it doesn't take up too much space to it's perfect for a small nursery .
got on time , good quality , good for babies when they sleep . my baby love it's . good product to have .
i thought they were glass when i ordered them.if you want plastic , disregard my rating bec i did not use them
i love using soft plush changing pads when changing baby . who wants to lay on a scratchy or cold surface when they are so little ?
good size for homemade baby puree . i like that it's knurled , it makes my job quick and easy.it ' s easily portable , and easy to clean .
fits our colgate 3 " mattress perfectly and provides just the right amount of extra padding . if only their sheets fit as well ...
my kid has an obsession with pacifiers - will only use mams . if we try others , he freaks out . i like them too .
cute . goes with the rainforest theme or if you just like the animals . you get 2 different patterns .
adorable mirror and precious bugs . i have seen people asking if it stands up on its own and the answer is yes .
my baby absolutely loves this toy.it is a teether , and a soother.he always grabs for this toy first.it is a super great design .
my little girl hates tummy time . this keeps her mildly amused . good investment . the bright colors and high contrast are great for development too .
i so regret not buying this sooner . my back and feet felt so much better after using this stool . highly recommend .
this is a rougher material than i had expected , perhaps it will improve after more washes . it's a cute design though .
this is a very cute switch plate cover but it didn't come with any screws so that was a little annoying !
no complaints . very nice wubbnub , and it holds up well in the wash . i would definitely buy this one again .
needed some new teether and this one works great . it is his new fav and i like that he is getting some tooth brushing in also .
easy to put together . my son can get in and out ok . sturdy . was easier to assemble than other products i looked at .
this is a great pad . dries well when it gets wet . nice and cushy for my knees while bathing my son . cute design too !
adorable . but baby didn't love as much as i had hoped she would . but u can be sure it does not have any unwanted chemicals or plastics .
my children had this ball and now i bought it for my grandchildren . this is a great way to teach shapes and the ball stores them securely .
my kid hated brushing her teeth , until we switched back to this fingertip toothbrush , and have had zero problems since .
this is my daughter's favorite brand nuk . the clear ones match a lot more outfits if you're into that kind of thing .
this toy is so wonderful and every baby should have one . my 14 - month-old still loves hers , still chews on it . it's her favorite !
this is a good solution for when your toddle can do belt buckles yet . easy to use . just wish it had a little more snaps for adjusing
they fit well and keep the baby safe ! great product with a low price , i highly recommend it !
great ! so far , so good . but it has not been truly tested by a middle-of-the-night runny poo yet ! we'll see ...
the one and only thing that bugs me about these is just getting the holes lined up just right so you can see the oz notches .
i thought this fit a standard dr browns but it did not ... returning ... opening was too wide and overall it was bulkier than anticipated .
a must have for your boon lawn , perfect for bottle rings and nipples . this drying rack was worth every penny .
these are great for the playtex drop-ins bottles . they have the perfect flow and gs doesn't get choked up on the formula !
easy to use and set up . has a lot of nice extras and you can easily monitor baby . convenient , portable around a decent sized house .
these work , but the handle is heavier than the spoon . so if you have it in a baby food container , it often times tips the container !
i love the nosefrida and being able to have a nice stock of the filters makes it so much more convenient .
deep crevices make it hard to clean . gunk settles in there and even a tooth brush can't fit in to clean it . gross .
these don't leak , what more do you want ? and they are cute . and easy to clean - only 3 parts .
terrible ! ! these replacement lids are terrible . in fact , this is a terrible product all together . the cups leak really badly .
great first toothbrush for baby . our daughter enjoyed this from the time she was 6 months until about 12 months . then we switched to an actual toothbrush .
this sprayer works great and cost far less than the name brand sprayers on the market . i highly recommend it !
nice mosquito netting no problems attaching to the stroller . glad we bought it bc you need something to keep those blood suckers away from your baby !
the flat spot on the back of the boys head seems to have reduced in size since we started using this .
like that it drains off to the side ( & into sink if that is how you position it on the counter )
love these clippers ... easy to hold and use to cut newborns nails . i purchased several to keep all over the house .
not sure how well it cleans but baby likes to chew on it the right way around so i think it's doing it's job !
keeps our 10 month old warm and safe . fits well in the chest and roomy in the legs and feet
they do what is intended and it's nice to have spares around the house just in case one is lost .
love the colors . nothing complicated about this dishware set . they're happy colors , easy to clean , and just the right sizes .
i like using these , but my little one tends to bite on the end of the straws . i wish i could find replacement straws .
baby loves the binky . he didn't really care for any other type . it's also fun to look at baby when sucking it .
i just needed another pack of these because just wanted to have extra ones . anything made by dr . brown is wonderful .
it definitely does keep my two toddlers from opening the doors ! however , it does fall off the door rather easily when played with .
i loved this for ease of filling and ease of replacing cap.my son could not figure it out and so it was useless for what i bought it for .
necklace as pictured on amazon . pretty large . my daughter didn't put much in her mouth , so she didn't like it , but would highly recommend it !
very thick and comfy . washes well . much thicker than other brands i have tried . would gladly buy again .
donot buy these , worst spoons ever.go with the playtex ones . i love thosepoorly designed , cheaply made . don't waste your money on this .
i love these . my favorite of all inserts . super-soft . wish they were a little less costly , but worth it anyway .
folds up small . easy to store and very sturdy . perfect for sitting next to the tub or anywhere else . great product for the price .
there were just what i needed because babies r us only went up to size 3 for the wide neck bottles .
great product , my baby is going to enjoy it so much.next time i'll purchase from you again.thanks for your assistance and great service
works great love that the fingers are smaller so small mouths can use this easier , and little hands can hold this easier too !
this works well for my bumgenius freetime diapers , and really contains the odor . i also have the smaller wet bags for travel .
i bought this for my newest great granddaughter still haven't used it but i know it will be the best and she will love it .
beautiful high chair , easy to clean , safe , great for small spaces , expensive , but totally worth it . it is strong and sturdy .
i love advent . perfect flow nipples . both my preemies ( 26 weeks and 35 weeks ) took these bottles great . perfect buy
if i were to do it all over again , i would pass on this accessory and wrap baby in a blanket instead .
we have this stool in our 4 year olds bathroom and it helps him reach the sink without slipping . it is 7 inches tall .
excellent product , it helped me keep my babies diet organic and fresh . i used them a lot when they were babies .
great fabric , tons of pockets , very large but not heavy . changing pad is handy - plenty of inside mesh pokets and happy to tote around
i had used them for a year and a half and just bought more for next baby , they work great !
playtex is always a go to brand for bottles . its a brand that parents can trust . these bottles worked great , just as i expected them to .
it's so so cute . hope that my baby will love it . it's looks pretty good . and it is well made .
very nice and functional diaper bag , love the bright color , but a bit bulky . it's enough to take in all i need for an outing .
one more practical and well done product of this brand . small , safe and simple to be carried to every outside places .
good product . looks like great material . too bad she'll never use it . i'm sure if it were used it would hold up well .
it's fantastic ! ! i love it . probably order another soon . i don't have much else to say about it . it does what it does
its so simple yet so effective , i would definitely recommend it . she still doesn't like but it works better than all the others i've tried .
this cover is nice . it's soft and easy to wash . i wanted something gender neutral and this fits in perfectly .
i like these covers the best of all the ones i have . they are nice and soft , and hold up well to repeated washings . definitely recommend !
the material does seem a little bit cheap but it definitely does its job.it took about 5 minutes to install and sits nicely alongside the toilet .
good not excellent . i bought these after extensive research as i could not find anything better than this.does float most of the time
i love how flat these containers are . they fit great in the diaper bag and wash well . i would recommend to parents looking for a snack container .
great price and arrived faster then i expected . really happy with my cleaning brushes !
this product is perfect for any occasion while you are feeding a baby . great to keep your clothes clean.expect the unexpected . nice colours and wash well .
my mother used nurser liners on me and i used them on both of my boys . i just love these .
this turtle keeps invading my child's bath and even has the audacity to complain about the water temperature ! i hope they aren't all so ill-bred .
convenient spoon with container for transportation . safe for young children . conveniently feed on the road and at home . buy this item !
i was impressed by the small package but after opening and installing i was amazed.easy to install , works perfectly and have a good quality .
i purchased this as a baby shower gift . the mom loves that they're the perfect size for her newborn son .
i love this on-the-go spoon ! it's great for traveling and very cute too ! it's the right size and is of good quality .
my daughter crawls around gumming this toothbrush all day .. eases her teething . perfect size for her . perfect gift for baby .
we loves this and would never take our son to a restaurant without it ! it's great and we haven't had one problem with it !
these straps work very well either on stroller , high chair or car seat . toys do not get lost as previously .
this is fabulous we have bought others in the past and none has lived up to our expectations other than this and i would recommend to anyonegreat value !
it took my daughter a while to get use to these but now she loves them ! highly recommended just offer it a few times before you give up .
we really like this for keeping track of the binky . it works great and doesn't get lost or tangled in clothes or hands .
save you $ and get the alva diapers as this one leaks more than those and cost more and is more complex .
great fit for the new event bottles . i use these with the caps for transporting bottles so i have no leaking .
my daughter started using these around 3 months and wont move up ! she loves these binkys and these only ! easy to clean and holds up well
this is a great activity gym . it has a great little mirror and the classic styling is amazing . the colors are great for a boys room
nice , light , jersey sheet . soft / comfortable to the touch . these sheets are used at my son's day care . i'm happy with this product .
i washed it and it did not fade . it is a nice addition to my crib . the extra toy storage is great .
it fits perfectly with my mini crib mattress . i havent had a practice run yet . im still waiting for my baby to arrive .
this is a perfect fit for my jeep jogger , easy to put on when it started raining and easy to pack away too .
we needed an economical monitor for travel . this worked great at my mother in law's house when we visited . good purchase .
the shelf was easy to put together and looks adorable in my baby's room . the colors are vibrant and it is sturdy on the wall .
wow , what a great set , much bigger than i imagined , i think this price be value , and hope to use some of the long -
love the color and the easiness of the chair . easy to clean . i cant wait to buy another product from joovy .
my daughter uses d product together w dappi cloth diaper it is helpful so she won't get wet easily . price just right
i gave it at the birth of my grandson . my daughter is using them daily and likes them . it has a good reputation and fit the need .
i love these dispensers , time and space saving . easy rotation and cleaning . i need to order more , wish i could pick my colors .
i love this book . i have noticed some other books are very similar . i do wish there was first christmas , halloween , thanksgiving and easter pages .
i love how it looks but yet to be seen if baby likes it . let ya know in a year
the best pacifiers , but you already knew that . buy a dozen as half of them will end up under the couch .
this is really super cute . teaches them about colors and is soft and as adorable as the pics ! worth it !
this is a good brush the bristles are stiff enough and spread out enough to do a good job , the bottom has a smaller piece for cleaning nipples .
love these . color is great , fits well . we use best bottom stay dry inserts and these work great to keep baby dry .
we purchased these for a week long trip and they were awesome . the case is key as it keeps them together , easily accessible and clean .
we used this until my daughter was too big to fit in it . it's cute and plan on getting new one for our 2nd baby .
must have for the teething baby . my son loves these and they smell like the old strawberry shortcake dolls from when i was a kid .
7 month pregnant wife liked it at first , but after 1 week she started getting neck pains from it , so she stopped using it .
stylish , easy to use , fun bright colors , easy to wash and maintain . makes cloth diapering easier all around . i'm a fan !
this was great i just loved it and it is still working fine . i really loved it and it is used a lot .
i needed these for my pump bottles . they fit both the ameda and medela pump bottles . no issues with spillage
it looks good and serves its purposehowever , i found out that if the baby does not want it , she doesnt ' want anything in her mouth anyway
this product is good , it works the way it is intended and keeps our child from being able to get into the kitchen cabinets .
no bad chemicals , fun , not expensive . 17 month old likes to play with these " eggs " , not only in the tub . i recommend it
i bought this for my daughter and she is thrilled with it . she can't wait to take the baby for a " stroll "
i purchased this valance for our nursery and they look perfect ! i didn't want anything that was too pink . this valance is light and airy .
got this for son when he does his art classes it is great planning on getting another for home
love this snap'n go . it's so easy to use - folds and unfolds very simply and it's light . fits two graco carseats perfectly . love it !
these plates work great for separating foods and have a small lip so that my 18 month old can get bites of food easier .
bought this for ease of use in my second vehicle . works great and has a easy uninstall clip incase u have to remove it .
love this tub ! it is so easy to use ! clean up is easy and my son loves it ! i would recommend this for anyone !
these are really great sheets for baby . they are nice and soft and have held up nicely ( baby is 4 months old ) .
helps us keep track of our pacifiers . works with soothies ( tiny hole ) . i get asked by parents where i got it pretty frequently ...
this has come in so so handy . cute little mat on which we can put down baby - either for a moment or for him to play on
worked as advertised and kept us from having to drill holes in our wood . we actually had to use 2 sets of these.well worth the expense !
this replacement tubing is no different than the original one - it appears a bit stiffer , but works the same.rating of 4 because of the price
soy de venezuela , excelente precio ya que aqui todo es carisimoooo , al bebe le encanto esta sonaja y la recomiendo .
these are not as good as the medela ones , but for the price , they work well enough . i would order again
great stroller for the price . hardly any room for storage underneath but if you're on a budget this is a good stroller .
this diaper bag comes with several items that i don't even use but it is built well and is holding up nicely .
i really like this product overall ! it's cute , it's easy to store , and you can use it for a long time !
purchased for the lil ' one's new craddle pad and it works great . it gives it a bit of extra padding . love it .
haven't had the shower as yet , but am looking forwardto my daughter wearing this crown proudly . receivedon time and am happy with the item .
ive had mine for a year now & stil using it & loving it . fast & easy way to thaw frozen milk & chilled milk .
this is exactly what we needed - compact , easy to clean , easy to transport , comfortable booster . i highly recommend this product .
screwed right into the back of our tv . comes with adapters to fit any tv bolt hole size . very convenient and strong .
great material , easy to clean . kids love identifying the fairy tale characters . it is also not too heavy to carry around at picnics and outings .
these are great because it can go with any color inserts while not looking like diapers ! the little one loves it too ! they seem to be comfortable .
this frame is so nice and the print cards are really easy to use . i am buying one for my sisters new baby .
perfect item for any room . my son is able to use it with no trouble and we are glad we purchased it .
this does exactly as it's supposed to do: protect my baby from her crib and the crib from my baby . it perfectly fits our standard-sized crib .
lightweight , easy to manoeuvre , sturdy , great for overseas travel . our kid's grandparents have no problem lifting or assembling this stroller .
my 2 months old son likes to stare at the colors and now tries to grab it from me , very nice for the price .
it works well and it lighter weight than the original plug in that came with the pump . no problems thus far
this is a great gauze wrap . it's perfect for hot weather . it comes with a helpful instructional dvd . me and my baby love it .
these spoons do the job , and best of all they are not made in china . yay for us baby products !
i bought this for my graco pack n play . it fits well over the mattress that came with the pack n play and is very soft .
i feel like my babies closet is a rack in a department store . very cute and organized according to size .
very cute toy . my 5 month old daughter and 15 month old niece both love it . the music is cute and not too annoying !
not too bad , cheaper then in stores did the job ! not as sturdy as i thought it might be but it did the job
great book for baby , baby loves this book , he stares at it and gets very excited . i would def . recommend this item .
i don't have anything to add ... it's very uncomfortable and didn't ease any of my discomfort . i used it for one night .
this pillow is the perfect size for my 2 year old . good quality , nice shape , and an overall good buy .
my 3 month old can't fit in this hat ! it's super cute and soft , but for a tiny , newborn head !
it is a really great chair for a toddler . it is super safe even with a wiggly toddler . love it !
adorable bed set ! i purchased this as a gift and the set is super cute ! bright and the characters are adorable
i bought lots of avent products for my daughter , and definitely worth the price . would definitely recommend avent products to friends and family .
mud pie baby birthday pink and white cupcake decorated cotton bib went wonderful perfect with all the other themed items .
my infant was able to squirm out of every other swaddling item i tried - but this kept him cozy and comfortable !
love the idea of the cup , and my son loves to drink out of it , its a great concept it just leaves everywhere ! so frustrating .
the velcro was so sharp that it cut my son's legs . i would not recommend this diaper cover . we used organic wool covers and loved them !
i love this product . it is truly amazing . i dry my playtex nurser system , madela bottles and my breast pump parts .
fits well . looks cute . gender neutral.soft enough . maybe overpriced for a single sheet . that's the only complain i can think of .
it works well but the sizing is big and it's just not convenient . sports bra works the same and is cheaper .
i bought this because of good review and i'm looking for stroller hanger that can hold my heavy baby bag . this is the one .
keeps the grand baby in whatever room she's in . easy to adjust and move , as long as you are an adult .
i'm so glad i ordered these for my medela pump in style . it works very well . than you for a reliable product .
this mattress pad is the only one that i've used that ever worked perfectly ! it gets washed very often , and it never shrinks . i love it !
they are doing what they were designed to do .. the are dishwasher safe , ive even boiled them with them still holding their shape .
large enough to fit all baby stuff . easy to wash , looks nice . very useful for a newborn . go for it
be careful because if place too many wipes will open and get dry inside so is the reason why i give only 3 star
perfect size for a baby . super soft . plus i love that you can wash it !
our 14 - month old loves it . she's been using it for a couple of month . we just ordered a third one for every bathroom .
i have a baby that is soothed by sucking and these are a life-saver ! i like this design much better than a traditional pacifier .
i always get these for baby shower gifts . it's something you use everyday but no one thinks to register for .
this product serves its purpose . it is kind of flimsy , but does the job . i would recommend it to friends .
this is so comfortable & a must have for any pumping momma . so glad i purchased it ! !
love avent products because of its quality it's worth the price and been getting good deals for my purchases online .
we love these medela pump bottles . they are easy to read and easy to use . we are happy we bought more of them .
very easy to install and makes taking the car seat out and putting it in the car both simple and very safe !
my baby likes the pacis and they're great . there's no smell and they haven't torn despite constant use and sterilization .
love these sleeps sacks . they are easy to zip , fit well , and are very soft . not too bulky but definitely warm enough for winter .
we haven't used it yet because new baby is not due until may ... but we don't want a flat head on this baby
not sure why but my daughter started disliking washing her hair and this neat little thing solved the problem . works great ,
these are the only forks my almost 2 year old uses regularly . they are the perfect size for his finger & to pick up food .
what a cute idea for potty training . great quality and functionalas it can be used as a step stool too .
this met the approval of my 2 and 4 yo grandchildren for their new baby . the lights and sounds are very soothing . fp quality as usual .
very good product grandson does not get a lot of air and he drinks better without gulping on his bottle
good to keep milk warm especially if i am on the go . it is simple to use and also keeps cold .
fits perfect in my large long champ pliage and lv totally tote makes life easier for finding things and easily switching to another handbag , love !
i have a fleece version of this and wanted a cotton one for summer - but this shrunk to almost 3/4 th it's original size :(
we needed a few more nipples after buying the starter kit ! this made it easier to sanitize and have enough for feedings
used this for my son when he was an infant but not so helpful for my newborn girl ... user personal preference .
we bought these to go in a mini-crib and are very happy with the purchase . they fit well and aren't bulky .
i bought 2 of these sheets for my graco pack-in-play . they are much softer and fit better than the $ 17 sheets i purchased at babies-r-us .
looking forward to using this on the stroller and playpen . i didn't know items like this were made for babies and am glad i came across it .
this is the only one i use . i don't use the magnifier but it works well even on adults . great i would recommend
didn't really use it . turns out i need to be more " hands on " in my pumping to get what i need out .
we use these for burping cloths , not diapers . in that sense , they do the job , but they aren't the softest things .
2 year old daughter loves this blankie . she has 5 . this double set is a good deal compared to buying a single one at a time .
a must to have ! for us , the best baby feeding solution ! you can reuse all the products , easy to combine with other options .
cure factor : very highlacking in softness , and really in quick absorption as well . might get better after numerous washes .
not much to say about these , they work as expected ! started using the level 2 nipples when baby was about 3 months old .
it's light but for going out very quickly . but if the baby need to nap , it's not useful . my baby still naps during day .
we love this . brutal blows the competition out of the water . the quality is fantastic . it is built to last .
this keeps our spoons and sippy cup pieces in place in the dishwasher without taking up a lot of space .
i've tried them all and this one is just another one to add to the list but my son still hates it . regular bulb syringe is most effective .
these converters worked perfectly with my medela swing breast pump and my medela pump in style . i loved not having to transfer milk from one bottle to another .
you can make up your own story . great for babies.my daughter liked it from early months and still likes it .
i love taking my son for walks and often like taking a drink along with me . only wish i had bought this sooner .
i'm looking for sth please my daughter's teeth , the bright starts make it ! my daughter is very happy to have so cute goods to " eat " !
i've also bought these at babies r us . stick to the table and then peel off . would purchase again . good !
it really makes the newborn baby comfortable and easy to carry without a lot of blankets .
i bought these to thaw home made baby food and they are perfect ! i use them for my toddler too now
i am so happy to finally find a toy that is made in the usa ! and it's made from recycled milk containers .
our babies don't like the madela nipples , so we buy these for them ! they are fine to reuse . they fit well on the medela bottles .
good investment for my baby . just bought a second one to go travel with ( hate to change diaper on the slanted back seat ) .
cute but made cheaply for the price . my daughter loves to wear it and hugs the little pig . super cute .
i so in love with this bugaboo adapter ! so great ! ! ! i recommended to buy ! you love it . . very easy to use !
purchased multiple bibs , and this one was the least favorite . the plastic is pretty thick and awkward around the neck and our little guy found it uncomfortable .
i bought them for my son . i don't know whether he like them.smell very sweet . a lot of friends recommend this brand .
it is a good idea , but it is too hard and difficult to fit it around waist , i am size 8 .
our baby loves these . level 2 is just right ( she's almost 8 months now ) . we used level 1 when she was younger .
it's a little noisy but it was the best we have found . organic ? i'm not sure about that . but i would u
does not it .. to my pump wrong choice ... and cheap quality ... my pumps knob broke while fixing it on the pump
this product is excellent . not allow the pacifier falls on the floor , and is attached to the baby being found easily
love this ... so well made and great colors , had dog and monkey but this is more eye catching for my grandson !
i loved it , it is very easy to find in the diapper bag . besides the design is so lovely and colorful .
we have only used this once , but it held up well and made carrying the booster seat much easier .
great crib mattress cover . well made . stood up to plenty of washings and fits snugly of the mattresses . very cozy for babies .
this is way more convinient than nursing under a blanket - the plastic neckline makes all the difference .
these sheets fit my kolcraft bassinet perfectly . they are nice and soft and will made .
i like this soap better than charlie's soap for washing cloth diapers . i also occasionally use the funk ammonia removal soap once in awhile .
i'm not too sure if this actually helped her gas and colic , however i am still using it as a general heating pad for my daughter .
these work just great . they're a little difficult to remove but if you run them under a warm faucet for a little bit they release easier .
if you're looking for a cup to transition your baby from the bottle to the cup , this is a great cup for accomplishing this task .
didn't fit our outlets , couldn't plug anything into the actual outlet . a waste of money . too good to be true .
great concept and good songs . only wished it had a function that played continuous music , instead of having to push the center button for each song .
love these but they are just a little too small . the colors are fabulous but the small size means that they are very hard to use to swaddle .
this mattress pad helps brighten up our changing table with its beautiful colors and has held up perfectly after repeated washing .
purchased it to have a second base . does it's job the way it's supposed to . we love this car seat .
i wanted a diaper pad to keep in my purse that i use as a diaper bag . this is just fine . it's very very simple .
my 7 month old loves this toy . it keeps her busy in the highchair so i can get her meals prepared . the suction is very good
it is smaller than i thought it would be . it does seem to be sturdy . we haven't had any issues with it slipping around .
my son loves this car , we got this months ago and my son loves it . he brings it all around the house with him .
this toy is a hit at bath time . the critters float around and it is fun for lo to try to gather them with the net
we love this seat ! it is comfortable and sturdy and , best of all , requires no pool noodle to install . so easy and awesome .
had to get beyond those tiny baby spoons . this size works well and much more durable than many other toddler spoons i've seen .
my baby loves this rattle . its perfect for little hands to grip and easy to take with you . can't beat it for the price !
this locking system is awesome if i could get it installed ! ! my drill is too wide to fit in between the space between the dresser drawers !
nice , vibrant colors . babies love it . fun to look at . easy to fold and carry . no issues after several washes . love it .
super cute and fun for bath and pool ! my baby will chew on these little guys and he loves it when i squirt him with them !
this worked great for the first 10 weeks . it kept her warm and snuggly in her bath tub until she outgrew it .
works as intended ... the tray release button to make it swing open is a bit sticky , but i manage ! wish it was cheaper though !
my husband and a friend put it together . it seemed easy for them . it is a gorgeous bed ! i love it !
my son has been playing with the books every day during his bath . he is going to be bilingual and these shower books are helping a lot with that
best purchase we made - especially in the snowy weather . protects the seat back from the kid-scuffs . top corners fold in , but they push right back .
great product , after i ordered them someone gave me a grooming kit so now i have extra , but that never hurts .
we love him ! ! he is cuddly and my lo loves him as do my husband and i ... great item for baby , , ,
these are great for linking toys to the carseat , stroller , exersaucer , whatever ... they also make great stand-alone toys / teethers . my baby approves .
the colors don't exactly match , more green than blue . the hanging baskets could have been a little bigger , but happy with overall
two of my little kids like this replacement silicone spouts but the other , ( one of my twins ) , nop . every kid is different .
this is exactly as promised . it is a very good matress and great that it has prolonged use from infant to toddlerhood !
just be aware that the fabric is pretty sheer . you will be able to see the clothes through the monkey design .
bought for my grandson on the way and they are soft yet very durable . highly recommend to anyone who needs these !
this is very compact compared to other drying racks in the baby section . i am pleased with it , there isn't much else to say .
the youtube video for pairing a second camera was more helpful than the manual . very good monitor for the money once you get the pairing down .
this item is good easy to clean . but the fact that it just pops out not really it is a little bit difficult .
love , we bought a second one for the car seat ... baby really likes playing with it ... we're happy with this product
this insert helps keeps my newborn sitting more comfortably in his mamaroo bouncer . i love how plush it feels . the double-sided print is really cute .
my son started with these pacis and still loves nuk pacis . great fit and easy to clean . he prefers only these pacis .
i got this for my 4 year old and she is tall , its a nice car seat for a good price and she love it !
this baby book is adorable and precious ! ! i am really happy i chose this one . there is a lot of space to write .
i love this wallet ! it matches my bag perfectly . there are lots of pockets for all my cards . very impressed :)
love these sheets . they are soft and comfy . organic is best for little ones and i'm so glad they have these available !
these cups are soooo nice . my 2yr loves them as well . i think i found our new favorite brand of sippy cups
cute , cute so cute its gonna work with all his monkey stuff , can't wait to put on his car seat ! thank you
these blankets are the best , so soft , perfect weight . just great blankets , wish i had them for each of my babies before .
my daughter loves to shake this , chase after it and eat it . it is very easy for her to hold on to and pick up .
i bought this crib liner to keep my grandbaby's legs and arms from getting stuck between the crib slats . it seems to work .
i thought it would work with my graco snugride 35 click connect but it is different , in case anyone is wondering
this does not work with an uppababy cruz stroller . it seems like a great organizer otherwise , unfortunately it does not fit an uppababy cruz stroller .
these work great . very absorbent and the covers are so easy to use . this is a good starter pack and would make a great gift .
this is very sturdy and we use it daily for helping in the kitchen , working on the computer , and washing hands . love it .
this was very disappointing , it is so hard to pump water ! ~ i have a hard time no way can my toddler pump it !
great thank you notes for baby shower and kids birthdays . the paper is high quality and the colors are bright .
very functional change pad . i like the raised sides as it makes it more difficult for baby to attempt to roll off .
the seat is lightweight and fits my child great , but the straps get twisted really easily . they are easy to twist back though .
these are the exact same ones that came with our medela breast pump . it's nice to have a spare set !
this sheet set makes changing sheets so simple . what a great product . the material seems like good quality .
we love the jumperoo ! perfect for six months old that are able to stand with assistance . great entertainment for babys !
i love the ease - it was clearly labeled , which made installation a breeze . i like the one-click feature , it helps when carrying a baby !
the top / lid should come off for better use . as the baby is drinking , the lid comes into his face . it might hurt baby's face .
it does not cover her properly so i ended up not using it . in addition , the material is too hot for our weather ( tropical weather ) .
i wish this was a little larger but it's usefulness out weights that aspect . super fun colors and we love the way it feels !
roomy bag , fits a lot of my baby's stuff including feeding , diapers , clothes and toys . i like the design and color .
my newborn doesn't grab a lot of things but he grabs these . it's also useful for hanging some of his toys lower . great purchase for the price !
better than i had expected . beatiful , well done and very easy to be managed by my 2 years old daughter .
one side is flannel and the other a somewhat slippery plastic . the pad slides around easily , making it harder to keep under baby .
just remember to use the white insert and so far so good with leaks . without the insert , oh what a mess .
i needed new tubing for my medela pump in style advanced backpack , and this tubing is just like the original ! perfect !
i love this sheet--it's so soft and cozy , and perfect for chilly winter nights . i would highly recommend it to other moms !
very muted grey with barely there white polka dots . great for a grey , elephant themed room . nice finishing touch for a crib !
i love the little noises they make and they look great on our car seat , baby hasn't arrived yet but i'm sure he will love them once he does
my daughter loves these . i keep a set in her diaper bag for just " in case " she needs a toy and another set at home .
this is a spare base so that the car seat can be used in a second car . it is very good and easy to use .
love pumping and storing in these bags they're so convenient ! i just wish they were a little bigger and had a zip seal .
it is light weight and roomy . might look big but it allows baby legs to move around and does not restrict movement .
love the nasal aspirator ! some people seemed grossed out at this idea , but i think it's great and it has worked very well !
my son likes to chew on the tops of these until they start leaking . i ordered these replacements and the cups are like brand new !
manual suction is bigger than electric , easy to carry out , simple to use and convenient cleaningthere is no noise , i like it very much
this are too small . they leak ! no good ... do not waste your money ! i wish i had invest a little more for the better ones .
kept falling off my seat ( orbit ) . also my 4mo old didn't deem interested in it at all . he loves his whozit spiral !
this was supposed to be a universal for the classic connect system , but it really isn't . we had to return it for another graco car seat base .
i got these to put on the car seat and stroller so my teething kid has something to chew on . they have worked great .
i really like the print of this . they keep smell and wetness inside . we've never had a planet wise bag leak !
perfect size for little fingers to grasp and they are perfect size for little mouths . my 5 month old seems to like them a lot .
1 . it was not the same as the photo , but i was too lazy to contact amazon about it . 2 . baby only likes it slightly .
this fit perfectly with the boogaboo bee and the mico seat . looks great just as the bugaboo style , they are solid and good looking .
got these for my baby , lots of wash cloths at a decent price . they're exactly what i needed . no complaints .
i like these simple stacking cups . my baby enjoys playing with them in the tub and out of the tub .
the stupid light comes on and off ! and this thing cut my babies thumb ! so hard to use and i threw the stupid thing away .
truely convenient for travel . easy to use . cannot remove lid after secured . good price and good quality . will buy again .
fit the outlets perfectly . hard to remove with just your hand , but i suppose that is the purpose !
i have used 3-4 times so far and its worked well . great for travel ( in the car and at the airport ) .
very handy to have for travel or work . however i do rinse the parts after using the wipes because it seems to leave a residue .
this helps me use my tommee tippee bottles with my spectra breast pump breast shields . it is really handy and made of high quality material .
i use these bowls for homemade baby food . the plastics seem safer than others and they work really well for what i use them for !
this is very cute in the tub , and has a ton of little suction cups , so it isn't going anywhere .
this is such a wonderful product ! my baby jumps for hours and smiles / laughs continuously . it is entertaining and safe . highly recommended !
the handles on this thing are bpa ( illegal in canada ) . i have no idea why it's in the amazon bpa-free store .
love the idea that the cup holder will fit most of the shape and sizes for all zippy cup . easy to clean and remove .
we got this for a gift for a friend and they love it ! their little one is having fun learning to go potty !
keeps baby warm , but not too hot , puts a limit on nighttime crawling around ( and waking up ) in crib , very durable .
i have the angel care system in his crib but bought this set for his bassinet in my room . i love it . i
so easy to get a temperature on my toddler , can't imagine anything else . does seem to occasionally fluctuate temperatures but overall seems to be accurate .
so soft and after many washes it is still in great condition . this even held up after bleaching . still perfectly white .
we use it every meal and we are near successful in stain free clothing finally ! ! ! our lo eats aeverythign by herself so it can get messy !
it is perfect for the changing table that i have . it fits to the cover perfectly too and i like the straps to hold my baby .
i love the bright colors and the lenth . the spoon part itself is just the right size for a baby's mouth and for just enough food .
i'm glad we got the pacigrip ! the paci is always dangling from where we clip it and do not have to worry about losing or dropping it ! !
we haven't used this product yet as our cloth diapers are a little too big for our baby at this time .
amazing product . my baby absolutely loves everything made by aden & anais ! ! ! worth every penny - no question about it ! stock up now ! !
these work really well for burp cloths and i highly recommend them for that purpose . i have no clue about how they function as actual diapers .
i couldn't get the suction cups to stick to the wall and ended up having to nail it up but it works great
this is very useful however ours broke within a week of normal use . amazon replaced it so hopefully the new one will hold up better .
i bought this as a gift for a friend who has an owl theme in her classroom . she loved it and thought it was adorable .
i got this for my daughter for our new grandson's change table . but she had decided to hang it on the wall which makes more sense .
i like that the double layers snap together , makes washing and drying easier . this inserts do a great job at keeping baby bottoms dry .
the size fit me and my wife perfect , even my daughter love it.like an extra toy for her to play with
just right for a babies hand ! good spoon for baby to play with during mealtime . it's also my favorite spoon to use for feeding .
nothing too fancy , but i am glad that i have them and the price is right for what it is .
blueberry trainer pants are well made and work as described . quality item that i would recommend and buy again . word
my son thinks this is a total toy , still taking time to adjust to the sippy cup but i like the handles and the colors on the bottle
this is a very small , portable aspirator that works well on my newborn . it is easy to come apart and clean when needed , too .
they are soft , easy to clean and fit's a play yard perfectly . i only wish it was a thicker fabric .
i gave these as a gift to a friend who formula feeds and she says they are great and loves them
overall it's great . the flow is good . baby has less gas when using these . the only downfall is the extra pieces you have to wash .
dont waste your money . buy the grovia cloth wipes instead . they are amazing , whereas these are paper thin and once washed curl up .
it works . i would like it if the base matched the one you get with the seat and had the level on it but it works .
our play area is complete with this mat . adds just enough color to brighten up our daughters play area . great mat !
helps calm the baby a lot , its shape prevents strain on the teeth of the baby and has cute colors
the price and quality are just right . i bought two , one for me and one for my daughter to use
easy to wash , protects the mattress , keeps warmer than a naked sheet , a must-have item for your sleeping comfort . i recommend it .
i like these storage containers . good size , very well made , fit directly on my manual pump . use them for everything .
great quality toddler set of plasticware . the spoons are nice and deep as well . the forks arent really needed but nice to have
easy to clean , won't melt in the dishwasher or microwave and my kids can't break it . what could possibly be more perfect ? you must get these .
great carrier , just a little pricey . i've been using it for two months now . i chose the bjornbecause i have the option to face him outward .
my 8 month old loves this toy she got this as a christmas present and i love every thing about it .
this fan works pretty well but the batterues die quickly . also , has to be in perfect position in order to fan properly . still would recommend .
soft spoons . baby has not used them yet but we've used them a few times and they work great . good grip .
my son is 20 months and can't get these off the door unless they're not on correctly . if the door slams on the nob it'll fall off .
this product is perfect ! not too bulky and blends in with her white crib . she can bite all over this and not ruin the crib .
this ball is just right for little ones , they can grasp easily , colorful , and engages with the ball inside . very entertaining .
these do the job and while they do make it tougher for us as well , they keep that kids out .
great diaper bag , use it every day for my daughter . my husband doesn't mind carrying it either as it isn't too girly for him :)
i'll keep buying these nipples because the air flow vent prevented the nipple from collapsing . and the nipples are easy to clean .
these letters made a smile on my face when i recieved them . they are cute and beautiful . i'm getting more of them .
i love how easy the material is to clean , also it really works to contain messes . it's very easy to put on as well .
the color is not very exciting but at least is neutral . the fit is so so . better than buying an brand new high chair .
i like that this is sturdier that the previous one that we had and it closes - safer for your phone and stuff when walking or at the park
material looks disposable and i'm not sure if i will use it . i would have preferred something thicker and pay a little more for it .
got this and love it . when my 5 month old is wearing it , his drool diminishes exponentially after a few hours of use . it's amazing .
we use our bag for cloth diapers . it holds about 30 diapers / liners wet . i wish we would have gotten a more exciting pattern .
these are very cute gender neutral receiving blankets . they wash up nicely and you can really never have too many receiving blankets with a newborn .
excellent diaper pail - only one on market that allows us to use our own bags or pail liners . this pail is ideals for cloth diapers !
excellent product , arrived fast . got it for 6 month old and he plays with them daily during bath time ! must have fun fun for every baby
i love this gate we have 2 and just ordered 3rd ! i love this gate ! my baby really can't open or clime on it !
maybe these do work for some women , but these were more painful than my regular flanges ... i'm sending these back !
we are eagerly awaiting its use , but we have tried it and it is easy to use and quicker than we thought .
replaced my broken power adapter , no problem . wish they didn't have to be so expensive but it did what i needed it to do .
what a great product . baby loves it and wants to be in it all the time . he just loves the little keyboard and plays with it constantly .
good mirror , good image quality and stays in place . the vibrations of the car don't seem to affect it at all.easy to install too .
love this little mirror , bought a few sassy items now ... and found that they are well made and this is no different
all i can say is buy it , it works better than anything else out there . it's worth the price ! you won't be disappointed .
beautiful fold gym with a nice color and quality i like to much and also my baby i recomemded for kids
i hv not tried yet . hope it is useful and baby like it.can not tell much at this moment since it is tried .
these are always amazing and my boys won't sleep without them . they last a long time and are necessary ! love the forest print !
this is a beautifull garment . cottoned manufactured , for caribean wheather . i love its designe , colorfull and practical way to wear.thank you ! !
this is a fabulous item we bought these for our son , he's 18 months old and he is crazy about this i would recommend this to anyone ! !
i love these plates for my 4 yo & 1 yo they are cute , deep & great colors plus they r made from recycled materials and bpa free
these fit wall sockets like a glove and have deterred my sweet " little monkey " from getting into trouble very well !
wanted something with camo to give as a show gift for a dad who loves to hunt . great material . may purchase one more
i don't plan on buying anymore of this . i bought it on recommendation . my diapers stink and it gives my son a diaper rash .
this bonnet was great untill he figured out how to take it off ... it is still helpful for " head bangers " and for safety when toddling around .
this is a great booster chair . fits very securely and is very sturdy . will last as long as we need it .
nice addition to the baby crib & stroller for little girls who really like to play house & interact with their " babies "
this organizer was a total lifesaver ! the britax is an awesome stroller but the organizer makes it so much better ! we love it :)
just the sleeper for my thing one and thing two . they are cozy , but not too heavy . the colors are bright and vibrant .
they are ok but not that soft and kinda small . we ended up using them as spit cloths instead of blankets .
very nice changing table and for a great price . keeps everything to the hand .
love the size of this . was a little larger than i expected which i am happy about . haven't installed yet , but seems straight forward .
it is easy to install and works great . my two year old likes that he can reach the water without having to be helped .
my daughter won't drink out of this , and the pieces are bulky . i wish it was more aerodynamic and skinnier for small hands .
my 5 month old is finally strong enough to hold this by himself . he loves the lights and sounds and its his favorite toy .
very good changing pad . when i purchased it i thought it was too big for a changing pad , but it makes baby feel really comfortable while changing .
lots of fun to drop and watch those balls swirling down the ramp ! easy , yet very entertaining . encourages hand-eye coordination and turn taking .
this was an amazing find for my granddaughter ! she truly loves bright colors and i am so excited that it worked so well ! low spillage
avent doesn't have y cut . i bought brown's instead . they fit ! i am happy with my purchase . recommend to parents looking for y cut
very happy with this little toothbrush . our daughter took to it right away and it seemed to relieve some of the soreness from her new teeth .
razbaby raz-berry teether , red . i bought this for my nephew . so far he likes it i guess because it is shaped like a pacifier
fits and covers my chairs under my boys boosters . wipes clean easily very happy with the purchase it's definitely protecting my chairs !
if you are thinking to buy first cup these ones are the best on the market i try it on my little ones and its perfect 100 % recommend it
i love the whale and could only get this online . i have been very happy with this product . i would buy again .
super well made we had his initials monogrammed on it he's 12 months old . perfect diaper bag for a toddler .
i love the option of using the bottles i already have as sippy cups .
put this in my expresso babyletto bowery bassinet in july 2013 . fit perfect wasn't to hard or soft . my baby doesn't seem to mind it at all .
my son loves this seat . he sleeps comfortably in it and his head doesn't bob around . it is made very sturdy and looks wonderful in my tahoe !
this mat is easy to clean and very colorful . the only thing i would've liked was for it to be just a bit bigger .
use this heavily , especially after pumping . store most of our bottles and accessories . the green grass is quite stiff and can handle glass baby bottles .
i love these things . they keep my little girls socks on through multiple attempts to pull them off , especially in the car seat . :)
fantastic cups , cute and easy to wash , durable and should last , i like they are more insulated that other plastic cups i have purchased
we were thrilled to find this product and see how it worked ... until we sterilized it ! it lost its glow after that and became a regular pacifier .
i really like this b / c my tiny little newborn seems to be snuggly and warmer when in the car seat .
they didn't have these when my children were growing up i like these and i know they will like them as well
i have been having a hard time finding changing pad covers that fit our oeuf changing pad . this one fits perfectly .
works really well in the tub ... holds the baby secure , absorbs water so it stays warm and dries pretty quickly . and the prices is nice !
these bowls are great for feeding my toddler . they can be put in the micro o problem and come out of the dishwasher intact . highly recommend these !
everyone loves this toy , babies see it when they come over and it's the first thing they grab . my daughter ? she can't be bothered with it .
purchased a second one for my second child . great modern look and doesn't take over the whole room . highly recommend
waterproof , and large to cover most of my son's clothing . pocket catches some of the crumbs and chunks , but not all . we love these .
i gave this as a shower gift and the mom loves it ! these swaddlers are super easy to use and very safe !
works well , felt like the baby was fighting with getting enough milk fast enough . put these on and now she can keep up
this fits great with the boppy , it's easy to dress and remove . the light colors won't show signs of wear after machine washing .
great looking outfit . good quality and didn't shrink when washed the first time . i will order others just because i'm a trekie .
i bought this for my pugs , they love it ! great toy for all baby's and dogs . you will love it .
my son loves this thing . its simple and doesnt have a ton of tiny parts to get lost . good addition to anyones toy box .
it's great . affordable . easy to use . easy to wash . comes with 12 pouches . love it :) get it . don't hesitate .
these are ok but not great . they aren't soft enough and they stain easily . the size is fine , but overall disappointing .
love this booster seat , it is the perfect size for any chair and my granddaughter loves it , will fit for a while
this shirt was such an excellent purchase . fits well . daughter loves it . and so do i .
we got a crappy matress with our daughter's cradle and putting this on it made it seem much more useable . made me feel better about her mattress .
these work great , but are super wasteful . since they're one time use , it makes me feel bad that i'm throwing so much plastic away .
i only buy the event brand pacifiers because that is the only kind my son likes . great product at a great price !
these do the job : they fit securely into outlets , meaning that little fingers won't be able to pull them out .
love this litle mobile ... it is convertible and plays great music . it also has several awesome features and our baby loves it !
the matress is so thin that i need to put in like 3 or more blankets around it so it can feel more confy for the baby .
this toy is beautiful . my daughter loves it ! the wood is lovely . i wish it came in deeper wood stains too .
loved the option of being able to refrigerate for extra soothing effect . they definitely help soothe sore nipples and helps breastfeeding more bearable .
everyone with a power cord and a child should have this . its simple and amazing ! worth every penny and more !
i am so pleased with this potty . it is very comfortable for my 2 1/2 year old . it is also very easy to keep cleaned up .
these are ok . they're a lot smaller than i was expecting , but i like that the one side is terry cloth .
this bouncer and is nice and sturdy and the colors are pretty and vibrant . it is a good buy for the price .
pretty much is what it says it is - it's helpful to have extra sets of pump parts in case you forget something at home , etc .
it fits out portable crib very tightly and is of a high quality ... i would recommend it again . just as described .
this item is really cute . i purchased it as a baby gift for a one-year-old . came quickly and as described .
these bibs fit on my baby bjorn great . i wish they were a little thicker , but they do the job .
they are a little bit cheap looking , but they're easy to put on and get the job done well enough .
hold up for multiple children . do well in dishwasher in a kid container / rack that we got from target .
always out the back . we change sheets and onsie with the diaper . g diapers and little joeys fit our daughter best .
i got these to go with my manual pump . they are larger so you don't have to replace them mid-pumping session .
i love the price . i love how soft they are . i love this set in general and would recommend to anyone .
suction cup doesn't hold . buy it if you want to hear this thing fall down into the tub everyday and see it laying in the bathtub .
these are by far my favourite bottles . much better then other avnet bottles . also a really good value . would recommend .
this did its job , everytime she fell she was safe . it protected all sides of her little head and stayed on .
my baby loves this pacifiers , price is cheaper than local store , it will be great if can choose color since i don't want to buy duplicated color
super cute in person and can't wait to use on baby ! the brush is super soft and overall it's such a great item to have for nursery !
lo wore all winter months with just onesie . made changing diaper easy and kept legs warm . rec'd many compliments and they match almost every colored onesie .
it is a good size and handles for baby . the nipple is vey soft for baby gum and suck it . no leak out . love it .
it is really cute but i dont think i will ever use it . a little girlie and way too big for little one .
the really nice thing about these was the velcro . our little girl seems to always pull her socks and gloves off.not these ones though . :-)
i purchase this product so i can use it for storing the wet swimsuits . summer is around the corner and we will be going to the beach again .
you simply must purchase this if you're getting a britax stroller . it's sturdy and deep enough and nothing ever falls out even when i close my stroller up .
nice sheets . fit well , soft and well made . i've had other crib sheets that were softer , but these are well worth the price .
i almost like this better than my medela set . less pieces to clean and this comes in handy for use at work .
our baby is 5 months old and we've been using this to get her attention for 3 months . she likes the red color and the rattle especially .
get the hemp doublers instead , they absorb more than these . and colors are def not needed , white works fine and the colors add nothing to it .
im pumping for 7 months ! it helped me a lot while travelling 16 hrs to europe ! its great ! i love it
buy with confidence . this is a great item to have for you diaper bag and at home when those moments of sickness arise .
solves two problem for me : first protects the baby from heavy wind and rain and secondly works as a stroller cover .
we used these everyday . my daughter didn't really chew them but it was comforting to have them there . i liked them .
the cups are great the handles are easy for the babies to holdon to and fumble with as they learn the process of drinking from a cup .
a must have ! keeps the nimbly close by and easy to find in the car seat . i just wish the clip was a bit more user friendly !
we got these because of the deeper pockets which worked great over the crib mattress . i would recommend them to another parent .
well , do not worry about the food will cool off , the disadvantage is easy to burn the baby , after all , the baby is still small ,
one of the best baby-proofing investments we've made . i feel so much better having this than i did before . definately worth the small initial investment !
made in the us . i do not know what is a good pacifier . i am only trying to avoid using made in china stuff for my baby .
my daughter loves it and i love that it has a high safety rating ! plush seat that was easy to install . i would definately recommend !
my daughter just had twins . she stated that she would recommend to others . it is comfortable . does not stick to the breast.finally i got it right .
is now filled with photos of the birthday of my grand daughter and everyone there that day love the pattern
teeth is nice with the different sizes on each side . my niece chews it for a bit , however not to into it yet . +
the thermobaby kiddyloo is excellent . my daughter loves it . it is very easy to move off the toilet . i would definitely recommend this product .
this little pillow case was very soft and the little design is cute not over powering the other design in the room
well made and no strange smellsit is very good for the baby to usemy friend recommend this to me , and it is good
these straps are great . i can find a way to attach almost anything and keep it from hitting the floor .
super easy to use and very convenient for all bottles , pacifiers , breast pump parts , etc . way easier than having to wash with soap everytime .
holds quite a bit and stays put . the color is vivid and it seems to drain well . we have a smooth bathtub surround .
soft and the color is nice ... but doesn't fit my play yard mattress very well .. too snug and bends the mattress when putting it on .
works great . my 3 year old hasn't figured them out after 3 weeks . easy for adults to use and easy to install .
i found this mat not practical because i still had to clean it and food got stuck on this worse than my tile floor
the words are a little hard to read , but other than that they are fine . adhesive sticks to multiple surfaces , so you can take different pictures .
these hooks are very handy . they're pretty strong don't take up too much room on the stroller handle.they stay put and don't move around like the mommy hook .
very cute ! it is exactly what it's like in the picture . though it does run a bit small but it worked out for us and our baby .
this is a great sensory toy , it's a good size and has a lot of texture and sounds . i would recommend this to someone
i can see my child and she can see me . as a result there is less crying in the car and more fun .
love this stroller . so lightweight and easy to open / close . i can do it all practically one handed .. would recommend to any mom !
i love this firebly my son plays with it hours on end . great durability and he drools all over it . so cute and fun for babies
we have primarily been using them as washcloths right now . we love them ! they are super soft and gentle on my little one's skin .
keeps my 2 year old out of everything and that is a blessing all in itself < im a happy mommy !
best wallet ever . my old one needed to be replaced .. and i tried looking for one with enough credit card slots and still classy .
so nice to have a hospital quality design in a home version . amazing not to have to have a child hold still for a minute . takes seconds !
this product is just what it claims to be and fit the ameda purely yours pump cups . always good to have a few extras just in case .
this product is very cheap looking - and feeling ... but our baby girl loves it ! it is our go-to distraction toy for long car trips and errand-running .
these spoons easily scrape food off baby's face . they don't look like they are soft but during use , they really are quite flexible ! great spoon !
i bought for my daughter , who is expecting baby and she loved it . very functional and very beautiful . on-time delivery and very good price
love this wubbanub . it's small enough that it doesn't get weighed down , and small enough for her to hold herself and cuddle .
love the ecru circles . this sheet looks great and fits perfectly . the fabric is cotton and is breathable and soft ..
i can tell why my son likes to chew on these , they have a great texture . i highly recommend these for teething babies .
my four-month son loves this toy ! when nothing else will calm him down this does the trick . we call it our miracle toy .
yup , it leaks . even when i screw the top on without the handles , it leaks .
this product is of good quality and breathes well . my son seems comfortable in it . nice design having the closed zipper at the bottom .
these don't hold up in the dishwasher . after just one wash the spoons tips are all melted and deformed . they are more like take and toss .
this was cute and worked decently but it got mildewy within a week - even with hanging it up to dry . eh .
this cover is very cute and washes easily . but it fits quite snug and can be difficult to get onto the bumbo the first few times .
this is such a great , simple door lock . five starts for its functionality and simplicity . we should have gotten this a lot sooner !
great for kids that are supper active as a way to help keep them close . a great idea for taking kids to very busy places .
wish they made this in a big pack but this individually wrapped wipes makes it easy to take couple with me in my purse .
this was the 2nd sippy cup i bought . it leaks , the plastic spout part comes apart from the cup . worst design .
love this and love the price ! save your pennies and get this instead of the brand name version . good quality and washes well . :-)
i did a polar bear theme for my gifts for my cousin's lady and their little one and this was absolutely adorable
my son seems very comfortable on this chair . we have no complaints so far . it is very easy to use and clean .
i paired these with their hemp prefolds , inside a snap cover . i only use them at night for extra dryness . they are great !
i've been using this bag for few weeks now and i really like it - very convenient and quick way of sterilizing your bottles .
my 6 week old baby really seems to like this rattle . the black and white colors really attract her attention . a great purchase for any young infant !
these aren't bacd . but the back lip doesn't stay down , so leaks are more likely with this cover . not our favorite .
wish i had found this sooner . these are great with almost any toy and any stroller / highchair . great in restaurants or in the car too .
worth every penny spent ! my kid loves this and we love that we can turn it on w out entering th room
this liner does the job well and fits nicely in our trashcan . the baby blue color is a very nice shade , too .
so soft , it was better than i hoped for ! ! the color is perfect , and the little design is so cute ! !
great substitute for a potty chair . fits securely ; no slipping . good price , delivered conveniently to my door in the time promised .
i like this better than the branch because it hold pump flange that doesn't have holes in it , too . great to increase space for holding bottles parts .
really cute sippy cup . my son likes it , but the last few times he's used it , its leaked really bad
this item helps me a lot when my baby throws his bottle the car doesn't gets stained . and it also helps the britax car seat not to slip .
the stainless steel tip is great , but the handles are thick and made of a cheap , ugly plastic . not impressed .
just received it and i am a proud to say that we have two of everything to complete our twins collection .
the clasp is cheap and didn't stay . kept coming undone . i stopped using and found other ways to cover up creatively .
my two year old granddaughter loves this . she likes picking up her bath toys with the net , just like the scuba man in find nemo .
i love these covers ! ! ! they are cute and the fact that you can snap in the inserts is genius ! i use these diapers often .
it's roomy , comfortable , and safe ! what more do you need ? my son loves it . have the green and black one , looks great .
this looks cute and neat . i expected the bowl is a bit bigger ... but i guess this size is perfect for up to 9 months old baby .
this round clamp is a life saver if you are like me and dont want to drill into your nice wood banister posts .
these are quite oversized , so if your knobs are close together they don't work at all since you can't even put them all one at once .
i recently received this product and i loved it . it has large capacity , many pockets .
way to hard .. but no smell . this was a secondary mattress at grandmas . would not purchase again , like cement , needs a pad .
comfortable in my hands , don't leak and easy to clean ! my sons also doesn't get very gassy using these bottles .
these are such great quality and come in very pretty colors . i will definitely continue purchasing items from the oxo tot line .
works great for sippy cups . i was thinking / hoping it would be more of a burnt orange , but it's a really bright orange color .
perfect cover for my stroller to protect and travel very well , britax rocks ! ! please show more stroller accesories in the future
i love that it keeps drawers and cabinets tightly closed so no fingers get pinched . works flawlessly for us and a great price
easy to use , wash , carry / transport . keeps baby entertained with the natural bounce . it's comfortable , doesn't hurt the thigh area like other bouncers .
these fit slightly smaller than the blueberry newborn all in ones - i'm not sure if they're old stock and the design has changed slightly , or what ...
these are great bags . i live the double seals and i've never had one leak . easily stackable in the freezer .
love this , just ordered 2 more because the one i bought is full , will keep one at babysitters and one extra for storage at sisters freezer
i think they work very well , i have been using them for more than a month .
this particular version of swadlebees is the only one that has prevented leaks for us . easy and soft against baby's skin - - i love them !
this is a great bag and fun print . it is a little bigger than i thought by reading the description , but it works just fine !
i love dr brown's wide mouth bottles for my little man . these nipples are exactly like described and we have been using these since about 6 months .
the bottom part to the container likes to fall off . pretty annoying ... but could have been just mine from shipping or warehouse .
simple and exactly what you need for you and your baby . softer with more washes . i would recommend for sure .
this is terribly cheap and not at all like the picture . the plastic smells funny and sticks together and the fabric on the outside feels like paper .
i liked it because it was 10ozs . my 2 year old loves it and it holds more than regular ones .
my son loves to find the character at the bottom of his bowls . elmo is prefect too . helps with feeding .
a tad expensive and was a little oddly shaped for the dishwasher but it works like a charm ! my toddler likes the colors too .
this is a great mat ! my daughter loves laying and sitting on it . it is super soft , easy to wash and super cute !
this is a great product just lacks a little bit of suction power but maybe that is depending on the person
it is cheaper than babies r us , but the numbers on the bottles are difficult to read . still , they are useful .
these little lap pads are awesome ! they wash well , are soft and not scratchy , and are very absorbent ! i highly recommend them !
the suction cup on the one i got wasn't good , it hardly ever stayed up , we were disappointed with it and had to return it .
this is a great baby bottle . i like that has no bpa in it and the baby liked it very well . no problems adapting to this bottle .
very useful to clean oxo straw cup , it reaches corners and cliffs . and it's also useful to clean other small gadgets .
good quality monitor good range but wish video quality was improved . would be more useful if video was more sharp . does have nice zoom in feature though .
used this to pump on the go and i loved having the option to pump in my car , especially on road trips !
i think the quality of their bottles is excellent and my baby loves nipples quality than that to me is a very important
this is a fun toy for the little one . many different activities to play with . she chews on it and shakes it , all with a smile .
overpriced and falls apart ... waste of money , drawers do not stay on track at all .. very small for it to be almost $ 200
it is exactly as it seems .. tubing for a pis pump . i have ordered this twice and it works great for me
i loved the design , has many compartments , is original , but after three days the lining of the cover broke off shortly and is not very noticeable .
i wanted to like these for their ability to remove and use in different cars . we tried in three vehicles with no luck . waste .
pad is very well put together . use it nearly every day when we are on the go . would purchase this again .
nothing special about these sippy cups very functional not a bad investment you may find some cheaper no real complaints
what can you say bad about a bunch of cups that a baby knocks together and makes noise with ? yeah nothing .
great - works well with my in style pump and it is much lighter weight than the original medela ac plug that cane with the pump .
i use this everyday . attach it to the car seat and that way i never forget a pacifier . works great
my daughter is 7mos , she is starting to teeth and she loves this toy . the colors and the texture keep her entertained .
product secures well on headrest and i get a clear view of my child . easy attached and moves easy
i bought this to use as a topper for both the pack n play and baby bjorn travel crib . it fits perfectly .
bought this for our baby , i love it as it has a whole page for each oath for the first year , plenty of room for journaling .
my 10 month old son loves this bottle . he is always throwing it off his highchair and it never breaks .
my 4 year old likes to watch this and my 7 week old loves it
this will keep your child from rolling out of bed . it is easy to install , fit onto and use on our common brand crib .
soft and really absorbent . we add them to bamboo inserts for nighttime and makes a great doubler .
i thought my son would love this teether , but he wasn't all that thrilled with it . i think it just depends on the kid .
these cups are leak proof and easy for our toddlers to hold . the size is appropriate as well.we ' re pleased with this purchase .
love these ! fits all the different sized cups & no more constantly bending over to pick up the cup ! !
great little on the go toy . keeps your kids busy on long car rides . very durable if you don't have children like like to peel things apart .
would not recommend . my son does not care for it and the shape makes it difficult to hold in his hands while putting the brush in his mouth .
this potty is reliable and sturdy . nothing super fancy , but it performs as expected . and you really can't beat the price .
my toddler loves it and sometimes requests this plate only . he likes to empty this plate to show me his elmo on the bottom of this plate :)
it is way to small and it breaks ... i am not sure if i can fix it or if i can return it .
lightweight , stay put and bonus cute looking . we like these as our little one's first plate ! would def . buy again .
these links are so handy for hanging toys off strollers , pack and plays , johnny jumps and keeping them off the ground . colorful !
easy to place on stroller and is super handy for attaching your shopping bags . great for bringing in loads of groceries too !
very good to use as a toothbrush or teething toy . really gentle and soft ! love it and definitely recommended for all teething babies
an amazing play center that still holds my baby's attention at 6 months . you can switch out the hanging toys as well .
who don't love a burp cloth ? these are lightweight . the one issue i have seen with them is when you wash them they wear a bit .
i found it a bit on the thin side . it does the job well and my toddler seems comfortable on it , so no complaints .
i needed more rings ( my pump only came with one ) and bottle caps for storage . this pack met multiple needs .
i almost purchased this online when i happened to see it at wal-mart for $ 2.50 . great toys though . my daughter loves them .
i loved the texture . it's soft and it does fit perfectly on a regular sized crib . price is also great .
love the print , love the concept . so fuzzy and safe ! this is our 3rd sleep sack . just got this one for the design . :)
both my son and daughter used these sets and i've never had any issue . nice and sturdy , easy to wash and well balanced !
a huge selection of pattern designs , too ! my year old grandson studied each pattern on each sheet . he likes them all .
fail for my 10 month old ... food everywhere . on the plus side it was like a puzzle he enjoyed figuring out how to spill it
i like this product , they are soft and wash very well.great price too ... had they been a little thicker i would have gladly given 5 stars.lilyput
i love these for my sore engorged breasts . they are also helpful when they need encouragement to let down when i am pumping
this is super cute and super soft . my lil girl loves kicking it on her changing table and chatting with me and daddy .
its thin in between the legs and it leaks every time with my boy maybe would be good with a girl .
not impressed with this - the location of where it sits makes it hard for my baby to grab it . i am not happy with this purchase .
my husband uses it every time , when we bring the baby to outside . it provides good back support . i will recommend it to friends .
love that this is easy to use , can be worn on top of bra and most off i had my hands free .
my daughter really enjoys these , they double as a toy and teethers ... lol they also keep her happy in the car seat
i give this blanket five stars . greast quality . i would recommend it to others who are shopping for shower gifts .
i was very pleased with this kit . it has all of the essentials in it for caring for your infant .
nice little pillow case it is great for my son's toddler pillow . it is soft and fits the pillow perfectly
they are super snug ( almost too snug ) so i don't fear my son will be able to pull them out .
the colors are really nice , the flower and the butterfly are detachable so your kid can play with it and the self-propeller thing is fun .
these were a gift . they shipped quickly and looked beautiful . very soft yet still breathable . i can't speak to day-to-day use .
wonderful baby toothbrush . i love it , baby loves it . and it's cheap ! it also seems to be a fun teether .
i ordered the wrong ones , so just make sure you order the correct ones , otherwise these would have been perfect .
i love these ! they are very easy to install and easy to remove when you need the outlet . my toddler has not figured them out yet .
these are fantastic . i was so nervous cutting out son's nails . these make the job so much easier and leave his nails nice and smooth .
i wouldn't go with any other maker for a wet bag ! planet wise does a great job with keeping the bag dry and smell contained !
the diaper dekor system is so easy to use and very user friendly . it really keeps odor down . bag system is very easy to replace .
i used this after having my first child to clean all of the nipples , bottle parts , pacifiers , etc ! it only makes sense to have this !
these are really perfect for my toddler than wants to drink water fast . i wouldn't recommend it for smaller kids . my is 2 .
most disposable breast pads i find make my nipples very itchy . these feel really soft on my flesh and don't stick to my nipples or leave lint .
this hat is pretty cute . i wish it had a strap to keep it from flying off when the wind picks up .
these are half the price in target . i am sorry i wasted money .
these are okay , and are a good price . but they don't really absorb well . i use prefold diapers instead now , as burp cloths .
we used it once ! the head of the animal makes it very difficult to position the baby head . also , the material made him to sweat .
what else can i say ? it tethers her heavier toys like her play remote and some of her plastic teether keys . good buy ! !
this set includes everything you could need . the blue green is pretty for my girl . i like the temperature tape and the pacifier medicine dropper !
stays soft after many uses . i prefer these over the fancier pocket and aio diapers ... easy to wash and dry , and great quality .
easy and reuseable . trays are very durable . i love that they have lids . lids are tight fitting so no spills or freezer-burn
works well and i can hear my baby loud and clear , even on the low volume setting . have not had issues with interference .
the most cutest panda rattle i ever seen . excellent quality and beautiful done . love it !
my three year old daughter , isabella , absolutely loves it . it is very durable and well made . i am quite happy with this purchase .
these are not for me . they don't offer much leakage support . they slide out of place and don't cover the nipple enough .
we make sure these are in the diaper bag before eating out . my toddler can make quite the mess , and these make for easy clean uo .
we needed an extra box to take with us on trips and plug up the plugs in hotel rooms , so pretty good .
my 8 month old loves these . the second she gets in the bath she is looking around for them and plays the whole time .
doesn't stay on my bath spout . my baby can pull it right off . so now we use it as a bath toy .
love these baskets for our nursery . they are super cute and work well for holding toys and any other baby stuff on shelves , in cabinets , etc .
this is such a cute , yet practical and handy add-on to the drying rack . it holds nipples , lids and other small items securely while drying .
i love the spoons for the babies , they can chew on them and it soothes their gums , nice bright colors and they wash nicely .
love this carrier . it's easy to wear , i usually wear on the front and can do it without assistance . baby liked to sleep in it .
i installed about 10 of these and my son figured them out in no time . they're a pain unless you have a lot of magnetic keys around .
these fit my 5 month old son's mouth just fine . well-made and i'm confident they'll hold up for a long time .
my 6 month old baby loved the water bugs right away . i like that this toy can be kept to be used with the net when baby's older .
the patterns are so cute and the plastic is strong and durable . my son loves drinking out of it ! love the flip top closure too !
nice colors . easy to put on and and take off cart . comfortable for baby . seems like good quality . i'm happy with it .
- great size to be attached to the pram - volume can be adjusted - able to entertain my 3 month old
this outlet is very easy to use . it works rather well . my son cannot figure out how to expose the outlet .
these doublers are only a few of inches wide , making them a disappointment because they are too narrow to actually work . i'm returning them .
this adapter works very well . my son likes having his own tray , too , which is a nice feature . carseat seems to fit well .
love these toys and the whole line by wimmer-ferguson . my child is not only entertained but learning at the same time !
nothing fancy just a nice changing pad . goes great in my son's jungle animals room . highly recommend . the little green guy is just adorable . :)
this rattle is cute and affordable . that's why i ordered it . it's also gender neutral . we have no children so it hasn't been used .
my teething baby loves these , especially when i pop them in the freezer for him very flexible and easy to grip .
i am very happy with this purchase . its comfy to sit on and it suprisingly holds a good amount of stuff !
i really love this froggie bath mat , i buy it for the bathroom for my son it stays really good on the tile in the bathroom love love it
great way to organize my keys , cards , phone and bottle on the go . really easy to strap on . would recommend .
it's safe and simple . my baby doesn't like when i dig her nose though .. :p i have never thought about being obsess someone's buggers besides mine .
it dresses up the changing table and is large enough to put toys in it for storage .
i used these with my first child and now use them with my second . i would recommend these to anyone !
no complaints . seems sturdy and keeps things tidy . maybe the side pockets could be better all in all its great
there were some loose stitches when those first came . then after just one wash they shrunk incredibly . save the money , don't get it .
my son loves to teeth with this wub and snuggle with the stuffed animal during naps .
it is okay . i have not been able to find a good teething toy that our baby really likes to chew on for very long .
this sheet fits snuggly but it is thin . it's nice in the summer because it doesn't hold as much heat as thicker sheets can .
it keeps the water from getting on my daughters face . the elastic seems just tight / loose enough . easy to get on too .
my grandson likes to throw these balls . they are just the right size for his small hand to grip . they are helping to enhance his motor skills .
works great as storage in frig or freezer . can even put feeding nipple onto to save from using a different bottle when in a bind .
it's nothing flash , but works well . we haven't had a problem with the suction cups at all . we are very happy with it .
don't know what is all the fuss about this product . i didnt like it at all . sound was too mechanical
my 17 month old son was able to pull these off the outlet in less than 2 seconds . this product does not perform as advertised .
i love that you can pull sections of this off and use in other spots to close off an area . solid construction .
i was using these with the diaper liners to prevent stains but honestly everything goes everywhere so they weren't really useful like i hoped .
this blanket is ridiculously soft . it washes and dries very well without losing it's softness . it's a very cute baby blanket .
this is non compatible with baby jogger city mini gt . what a waste of money . material is flimsy . no wonder it's so cheap .
we are so impressed ! this is a great item - very sturdy , simple , comfortable , portable , and a great price ! highly , highly recommended .
the absorption level and material quality are good . however it's very thick and heavy . i have to change every 2 hours to avoid diaper rash
oversized and fits a ton of diapers in it . nice hanging feature . however it does hold in odors as well as some of my other wetbags .
alittle expensive but looks very nice . size is too big for my baby for now so haven't wore it for now .
these are terrific . we have some attached to each stroller , some for the tub , some in the diaper bag . our daughter loves them !
what can i say , they loved playing with them . until my dogs chewed them to pieces . but they're great for some water fun for the kids .
made in germany . solid design , kid loves it , angled nipple , cute joke . it is a pacifier for all of your pacifier needs .
i bought this for my evenflo babysuite . it fits well in the top part of the playpen . my baby has no problems napping on it .
this sheet is very pretty and soft . it stretches nicely to fit mattress easily . i wish i had one for my bed !
it was dead on arrival . so maybe not the batteries fault ... but just beware . sucks to have to return it and wait .
great product , gets the job done - my toddler doesn't run away when grandma takes him for a walk . definitely recommend it .
my lo loves these spoons , so do i . colorful and good quality . easy to clean , and they fit in all kinds of jars .
great on the knees . a plus it's cute and colorful and quite entertaining for the little one while the bathtub is filling up .
very cute and goes with the jungle babues theme ! i purchased this as a gift and it looks so cute in the room :)
my baby who is currently teething love his sophie . i little bit expensive for a chew toy but it does its job .
would be nice to be able to pick the exact product you are getting , and not a different color . not sure what the purpose of that is .
awesome for on-the-go diaper changes ! i can discreetly ( and respectfully ) dispose of my little ones stinky diapers wherever guilt free !
keeps the nursery from smelling bad , easy to use one handed while changing baby . the bags are easy to change if you read the instructions .
my 3 wk . old granddaughter loves this . it is perfect for tummy time , and later will encourage reaching and crawling .
love it ! super soft , looks great and fits changing pad perfectly ! i washed it many times on hot / cold and the color seems to hold .
postives it has odor protectioneasy to remove and through the diapersi use additionally scent cubes to protect the smell , it does the job ... i like it
my daughter ( 2 yr old ) handles it well . it's sturdy and she has not spilled a drop unintentionally . it's a great learning tool .
just what my daughter wanted . like the three ice packs to put inside the handy pockets . will get a lot of use .
this was made well and had a nice design . my child liked it and it helped make bath time safer
great for use with the plastic squeeze bottle . use for infants . there is no mess with feeding out of a container !
my baby loves this toy , she is 4 months old . it hangs from the car seat handle and it's within reach for her little hands .
my baby absolutely loves this jumper . it is easy to clean , easy to adjust for height growth , and so much fun ! ! !
must have for all cars really does lift up seat and i think my daughter ( 20months ) enjoys it more
this product works great . love the weighted plate to keep the wipies in place . feels and looks very sturdy . looks very clean as well .
love this product ! you can use it for any size bottles ! and it's done in 10 min . i'm glad i got this sterilizer !
had one for my son who is now an adult ... worked great . it did a good job of keeping food warn thru out the baby's meal .
oh man this is such a cute toy , i think i will get a few of the other shapes . the little face is adorable .
i love this product , my little one hates the carseat but this keeps him occupied . he loves looking at the red and black characters on the mobile .
my four month old loved this teether ... we dropped it & it is never to be found , but it was a great buy .
nice mattress for the crib , baby sleeps very good on it.so far no defects i like its durability.it offers a good balance between soft and hard mattress .
great for covering the seat for little ones who are not able to squat or understand the dangers of the public potty ! the sticky tabs are key .
i got this for my 5 year old . it works great for her . she fits perfect in the car with it and it seems comfortable enough for her
i like it but my daughter didnt take it :( . she ended up drinking from the lansinoh momma bottle instead
these are great . they are easy for my 11 month old to use , and with only two parts , they are easy for me to clean .
it is a great case but some of the items are pretty cheaply made . the purpose is a great idea though , plenty of space for bandages .
so soft and easy to put on and off the change pad . i love the fun and colourful graphics on the cover .
these are awesome . they have a waterproof layer in the middle that keeps babies clothes dry . i had 2 droolers and these were essential ! seriously
love these . i have in several designs and they are the best of all childrens dishes we have bought . great !
great product , perfect for my stroller . wish it comes in different colors , but i'm glad with my purchased , great product !
a sweet cuddly little lamb that is the perfect soother for an infant . even a preemie such as my grandbaby . she loves it .
i purchased it for my 6 month old , and after a few weeks of usong it i can say that it does not drip or spill
these are really soft and really quiet large . they washed up nice and soft and are great for swaddling even a larger baby .
my son loves to play with this in the bath . it is bigger than i expected but works very well and was worth the money .
this cup is awesome , the only cup i have found that doesn't leak or drip , i got one in every color , i love them !
quality is sub par and doesn't match the ones sold in stores . it's as if i got a fake version
we have 3 of these and they fit our 3 inch pack n play mattress great . soft and wash well !
just as describet , lots of different bottles , very useful for storing milk in the fridge as well as for having bottles to take on a trip
this product is exactly as we expected . fits our graco carseat and we have no complaints . it is so much easier having two bases ! !
pure cotton should be good for baby wearing , and easy to wear , undress and wash . i will use it when baby comes .
i loved this product , it is excellent , comfortable , safe.just as advertised . the safe belt is very useful , good quality
the weld on this gate broke after 4 months of use ! i was surprised based on what this gate costs . i won't be getting this gate again !
makes life so much easier while traveling with baby on the go ! it really deodorizes soiled diapers until you can find a trash bin to dispose .
would not waste money on this brand again . does not provide adequate support to your back and shoulders like other brands .
cute and well made . i can easily fit 5 cloth diapers and the zipper keeps everything ( including moisture ) inside . recommend .
i have to wait for the baby but this 4 sided one seems better than the summer infant . it fits perfectly on my counter .
great product that works great and frees my hands to do other stuff while taking care of our little one .
using them on my beco , bc the reviews on the beco were not great . fit perfectly and are nice and thick , love the snaps .
the jumping beans frog hooded bath towel , in green is good works good and cover very well . very nice cotton
best travel containers ever . perfect for formula and then my toddler loved to play with them after she was off the bottle .
its a little strangely made because the neck opening is bigger than it should be . otherwise , i'm very pleased with it .
this mobile is really cute and i love that it has a remote for it . it's a lot better than winding something up over and over again !
i bought this as a more inexpensive alternative to the bob caddy for my bob stroller . it works awesome ! can't ask for anything better .
easy set up although we had to purchase a flex tube to make it fit . strong spray . no leaking and works well .
works great , never had a problem with them . they are well made and well priced . i would recommend to anyone that used flats or prefolds .
lamaze products are so cute and colorful . this toy is no exception . i bought it for a freind and her son loves it .
very good size . not as leak proof as i'd like . good size . good design . great if your little one know how to use straws well .
cute and useful . my daughter is at the stage of wanting to help out in the kitchen and cut stuff . the knife is great for this .
these are pretty big compared to the pocket of the fuzzibunz . they sure do keep him dry ! they are very soft and easily go into pocket .
it is pretty easy to put together , it has so many cool toys on it , and my son absolutely loves it ! ! !
these are a great size volume wise and for a toddler's small hands for learning to drink from a cup .
my daughter is a small 9mo old , and this is perfect for her to grab and shake around ! great to look at too
great paci clip . it clips on very secure and baby can't pull off like other clips . a little shorter which is nice for sleeping.bright , pretty colors .
this is super handy . only caveat is that it really needs to be full or mostly full for you to actually squeeze food onto the spoon .
so soft , excellent design . theses are my favorite cloth diapers . neutral color for boy or girl . 2 pack is a great deal .
great for strollersamazing stuff , a must have for infant .. just love the fabric . you'll love it ! i'm so glad someone recommended it to me .
not too high and not too low . easy for child to carry . perfect height for toddler to use at sink or potty . he loves it .
used this on a freezing , windy trip to nyc . it provided the perfect protection for my baby . highly recommend it .
nice bright colors and seems like it is made very well . the clip holds onto baby's clothes tightly . i like it !
works exactly like you would think . we love using the medela bottles and will continue to do so as long as we need
my lo likes to chew on this and at 4 months he can hold it himself . i would recommend it .
one of the first toys i gave my baby , and she loves it a lot and has been playing with it throughout her first year .
it is sold under the name " american baby " but really made in china . nothing special but good enough for a portable crib mattress .
young children are delighted by anything that will provide music at the touch of a button . age range 6-18 months .
i knew i wanted aden & anais for their quality , but i loved their alphabet design ! ! it is so precious !
works as described and no issues . i use lanolin bags and fits just fine with not issues at all that i can see
this toy is great this is the music toy to take and plays lots of diff things it has longevity and durability a must
i think these are way better than the metal handle spoons . great size and grip for both baby and caregiver .
we used this once .. it was just not needed ... roll some receiving blankets and viola ... i would not spend the money on this again .
super cute design and they work great for attaching binky's to clothes ( especially my sons favorite kind the soothie ) great clip !
this doubles as a sensory toy as well . very easy to clean , just put in the washer . great for babies ages 0-6 mos .
our baby loves this sleep sack . very easy to put it on her and swaddle her . we even received a second sack from the hospital !
i received a completely different product with packaging that say made in hong kong ! and the banana was only yellow . not white and yellow like the photo .
she loves it and has a blast bouncing now . she really needed this to get her " alone time " and help her strengthen them little legs !
fits our peg perego pliko compact p3 nicely . although i thought the pocket at the bottom is abit redundant , but it does not bother me .
good quality , fits the crib perfectly , lovely colors and pattern . great buy for the price , higly recommend it !
my toddler still loves this toy after 2 years . he loves pulling the tail pieces and feeling the wings . definitely a good purchase .
the sheet is very comfortable and soft and fits will on the mattress i purchased for the playard . it is also holding its color well .
good infant mirror ! stable on floor and can be taken of block to attach to other things ... crib , car seat etc ...
i have two in different parts of the house . after my c-section these really helped me to feed my son .
i like being able to stuff this diaper with whatever combination of inserts my baby needs at the time . it is a great value for a one-size diaper !
these mats are excellent for our 10 month old who is just learning to walk . they're thick and do not have any smells or weird texture to them .
exactly as expected . great neutral color , soft flannel sheets . we got them for our daughter's nursery and they fit great !
this nursing cover is actually beautiful enough to wear as a bride.it saved my gown's elegance and allowed me to nurse discretely throughout the day .
these are the only bottle with straws that i found that not only does my son like to use , but they also don't leak .
they dry out really easily if they aren't kept wet . then they acquire burn marks . however , they are worth the buy to protect your wipes .
took it camping for a few days . so much better than porter potties .
great ! ! ! bibseasy to clean after feeding my toddler and dry's fast too . i would recommend these bibs to any mom .
this is the only thing that gets my stupid baby to shut the hell up . he'll only stop crying when he's wrapped up tight like a mf burrito .
love them , and they are holding up very well . they were a perfect fit for our son , although he is quickly outgrowing them .
this works great - no more worries about our baby being eaten alive during evening walks ! we have a standard infant carseat and it fits perfectly .
while the mashing of fruits and vegetables requires most of them were steamed beforehand , the masher does a great job doing what's intended to do .
a few great things about this product ... it is cute ... it is cuddly ... and it is absorbent . i would consider this a winning towel .
got these for my 8 month old . she likes them but not as much as the rubber ducky and the water cups . a good buy .
i like the size of the bottle . i just don't like the nipple size so we get a different brand , but the bottles are great .
material and color is beautiful . multiple pockets . great foam pad on strap . recived as gift , very happy with item . aug 2012
it doesn't stick to our textured bath tub but it doesn't slide around . my baby sits on it during bath time and it doesn't move around .
pros : lightweight , single hand operation , contains all the necessary equipment carrying bayscons : its not durable and the wheels broke in just 2 months .
the only thing i didn't like about this car seat was the infant head rest insert didn't really do much of anything but look good .
it wasn't worth the money . the sensor was not very strong , we basically had to hit the side of the crib to make it start .
these were nice for my daughter to receive because when going out , you don't have to take too much with you .
i love this product and baby does too ! very easy to travel with , and it can go whenever baby is going .
good product . fun colors and textures for my baby to play with . it's also very easy for him to hold on his own .
my baby loves this toy . she will play with it for quite some time - she loves the sound it makes .
this is a great cover . it is very wide and long , keeps you covered even as your little one gets bigger and squirmy underneath .
the included cap / cover is definitely a plus . my son only likes this one compared to the other brands we've tried .
its definitely necessary to go with the lotus portable crib because the mattress pad is so thin that this gives it added plush .
nice and trim . great color and easy to use with cotton / hemp / bamboo inserts . nice product and a regular part of our diapering routine .
the bottles are super leaky and my baby swallowed so much air that i had to stop using them . waste of money !
these plates have been great ! they have withstood many trips through the dishwasher . i love the bright colors and the fun but subtle fish design .
wirth all five grand kids we have had some type of swing . the one from fisher price has by far been the best !
these are good basics every new parent needs to let little butts breathe sometimes , or to burp them or to quickly wipe up baby spills .
this is the best teether ever . i am so suprised how easy it is for my 6 month old grandson to hold and bite .
saw this online and was excited to order . it's modern and i get many compliments on it ... the quality seems decent enough for the price .
this is great . has him interested for over a year already sandpit lovely sound as well.great for car rides and crib naps
we are very happy with our purchase . the corner guards stay on really well and have already saved our 11 month old's head on several occasions .
fits perfectly in newborn car seat . don't have to worry about 2 day old grand son catching a chill outside or till the car warms up
soft and bright colors . love the cute owl design . fits standard changing pad . i placed mine right on top of dresser .
yes its good to have and i would recommend this cover for changing pad.as the material is soft for babys skin .
thoughts would be good for baby but baby has sensitive skin . caused minor rash but after use , the baby smells great !
avent is the best ! my daughter picks these over her other pacifiers . they are slightly more pricey but like avent bottles , worth it .
we bought this as a base for a second car . fit our safety 1st onboard 35 air car seat perfectly .
my 6 months boy enjoys looking at it and trying to bite it . although as always ... i wish amazon has not sent me a girlish colour .
my 9 month old enjoys this for a few seconds at a time . it does not hold her attention . when she uses it she enjoys it
my baby nephew began chewing on this as soon as i handed it to him . very happy with this purchase .
great quality product by fisher-price , who else ! lot's of fun things for baby to play and entertain thereself with . and it's musical ! ! !
this cup is good for transitioning from a traditional bottle to a sippy cup . our son used it from about 6-12 months .
pretty to look at but this hamper is pretty flimsy . the lid sometimes falls inside because the sides are not perfectly stiff .
i have tried many pacifiers , and so far , my son loves these the most ! can't complain about them at all !
the towels are so beautiful and are a good size for my daughter 13 mths . the hood is very helpful in getting the hair dry .
my pump bottles needed some . this says it's slow flow but i feel like it still comes out too fast .
just what we were looking for ! love the raised sides , now his little legs won't get stuck in the spindles of our changing table .
i love the material , and the size was perfect not too long , not too short . it's width was just perfect for my babb's / toddler's mouth .
i brought this for a gift for her and she loves it the baby is not yet born but the mommy to be love it
this is really cute in the tub and works great with your standard tub faucet and makes my daughter smile .
this wet bag is not waterproof at all and leaks quickly ! why would you want a wet bag that leaks ? worthless !
this contoured changing pad is just as described - it is very useful because it can be used by itself and it is easy to clean .
as with the last review , if you put anything too easy in it it will rip the material . it's a great idea but a bad design .
easy to clean and work great . perfect size for travel . great price as opposed to any store . durable and heat up fast .
this wedge really helps me get comfortable at night . it adds just the right amout of support where you need it .
these are great . i couldn't tell from the picture , but the keys also have numbers on them . my daughter loves them .
he just loves this toy and the ball is rubber like so he loves to chew on it it was very easy to hold and its one of his favorites
this is just a cheap piece of plastic that does absolutely nothing . i returned it because it was such a waste of money .
works great , we use it for diapers and for after the dog , its big enough for it all ! ! would use it over and over
have it in between two car seats . i like that my son can reach it to grab his own toys , etc .
love these little clips for keeping track of babies binkies . this one is super cute and almost looks like a preppy little tie . adorbs !
this is the only thing that worked and i look forward to suing this same watch with my other daughter when she is ready . a wonderful idea !
this hoodie hider does the job . however , just after 2 washes , the color has definately faded . other than that , it gets the job done .
these are unfortunately coming apart after minimal use . the velcro also seems to be wearing thin sooner than one would expect .
gonna match everything , can't wait for him to be able to play with it ! love it hope he loves it just as well ! thank you
soothing music for baby & easy for baby to handle . got this for my 6 month old grandson & he loves it .
small size of bag makes it easier to store . the zipper is hard to get closed but it is a secure closing once zipped properly . would recommend .
has worked well for me , i have owned it close to 5 months .
find it hard to remember to bring it with me all the time . it is rather bulky to always carry in the diaper bag
i like this product since it has very limited ingredients ( unlike a competitor product ) and it only takes one drop .
great size and great price . works good for an extra pad to keep on hand for in the car or s smaller size diaper bag .
same quality found when bought in the store , but a better price . i loved that you could pick the quantity - 1-5 .
i got this when the plug on my medela pooped out of me . it works perfectly and it is lighter and smaller than the original which is great .
does the work absolutely beautifully . i love it . my bottles are clean like they are new !
so many interchanging uses ! my only dislike is that you cannot adjust the head incline of the stroller seat ... what the heck baby trend ?
cutting newborn's nails is scary the first time ... but it was pretty easy to do with these clippers . i'm very glad we purchased it .
they are especially useful in summer in the evening and early morning when it's not very cold but somewhat chilly .
i like these cups , princess and different from what you will find in the stores . i love that all the playtex lids are interchangeable !
best clip on the market , does not fall off even when pulled vigorouslyim very happy with my purchase and will be buying more
if you are interested in this product , but the double one instead - essentially 2 bottle sets for the price of one .
bought this when my little one was 4 months old and he loves it ! different sounds and textures are great .
i like that these are not green like all of the other soothies i see in the stores . super cute .
great spoons ; i've been using them with my 2 year old since he was 5 months
i brought this for my 18 month old grandson , and he loves it.he plays on it and he sleeps on it during visits .
good selection of colors . wish we purchased this earlier instead of purchasing them in packs of 3 . hopefully we need to use all of these eventually .
fantastic ! works perfectly . love that you can charge and go with the one . and that you can talk to baby .
finished product looks nice , but my set was missing a few dowels . the screws are cheap and strip rather easily .
these work great and fit the extra wide crib rails ... i purchased these along with the extra large one for the front and couldn't be happier .
i had one of these cups and its old so now i am replacing it . my daughter loves these . she can drink with ease and they dont spill
i love medela product , this bottles were perfectly fit with my medela breastpump , and easy to clean it , thanks ! ! !
looks very well made . the suction is awesome ! i highly recommend it to parents whose babies love to try to feed themselves .
good product . fit my medela swing pump so i save directly in fridge or freeze .
works great as a bassinet for a newborn and later as a traveling crib for a toddler . easy to put up , break down and store .
lids don't really stay on . colors are attractive . suctions really helps keep the bowl in place and not having spills all over my table .
this product was great for getting the ammonia stinkies out of our cloth diapers ! i'll be stocking up and only wish i'd learned of it sooner .
we have this on our changing table and it works great . it is apparently comfortable enough that the cat insists on trying to sleep on it .
excellent product and price . always keeps my boys food warm and fresh for lunch at school . easy to wash and reuseable .
this is also a really good size . they say you shouldn't put hot drinks in it , but it holds coffee cups nicely .
this fitted sheet is sooo soft and the perfect size for our graco pack n play . i will definitely buy more to have on hand . highly recommended !
i bought these for my new grandson and they work well . i had to some fast-flow here a while ago . i would recommend them .
the napper is very comfortable . my baby prefers to sleep here instead of in her bassinet . i love that it is portable .
we loves these caps . it makes it way easier to shake a bottle to mix it . and it is also great to transport water when going out .
we love this swaddle and now buy it for everyone we know having a baby ! !
love the price and my baby seems comfy ! my husband put it together in about 20 minutes and it looks great too ,
i totally recomend to any one hands down a great product . it was perfect to use for my baby . great .
cloth didn't really work out for me but these doublers are great for the extra protection at a good price !
we have the enchanted forest bedset so i needed this too . it's cute , but really not very sturdy at all .
my 7 month old adores this toy . it keeps him entertained approx 15 mins which is very good in baby terms !
works perfectly with the lansinoh momma bottles . dont know how i'd get them clean otherwise .
these were cheaper than what i could find in stores , plus it shipped right to my door . i love the convenience .
fits my son's toddler bed nicely . it is leak proof but does not make the plastic-y sound some others do .
he really enjoys playing in this alot . he loves the toys . my only complaint is that is can move a little too much .
it cleans easily , is comfy for baby , and i really like the contour of the pad - it helps with " baby control " .
my kid is not two yet , but he likes playing with these letters , l like that they stick to the tub , they are big and colorfull .
we've tried several baby mirrors and this continues to be my favorite . easy install , large viewing surface , quality mirror . love this mirror !
works ok as a wipes case , but i'm sure there are better models out there , this doesn't seal completely and hence it dries wipes .
service purpose and pretty durablei would recommend it for cleaning nipples vs other nipple brushes this is way better
this spout cover works great and looks great ! it fits perfectly over our bath spout , and i would totally recommend it to anyone .
these are the best blankets , so light weight and soft . much softer than the regular muslin ones . the prints are very cute and true to picture .
great product ! sturdy yet soft , great back support , love the colors . my child can carry it by himself . love it . recommend it .
once he is a little older . he is only 4 months and can't put his hand around it as of yet !
i would definitely recommend this product . it's really soft and is great after washing . the colors look exactly like the online picture .
i tried to use these and had to eventually return them because the suction cups do not stick . they were constantly falling down .
we like the fisher price link-a-doos better but these links are fun and good for deep teething too .
easy to use and clean , the stand is very convenient and easy to clean so the brush doesn't just lay around
i love this masher and bowl for feeding infants soft foods . no machine necessary . love it ! easy to use and clean , as well .
clean and simple . they smell nice too ! i definitely recommend these . they do not however completely mask odor if that is what you are looking for .
the miracle blanket is a miracle ! he sleeps so much better swaddled and this blanket does its job - no escaping just great sleep !
arrived quick . fits stroller really good . easy to put on . folds up with stroller when not useing it . holds alot of stuff .
if i knew about these earlier i would have purchased for my first child they are definitely worth every cent !
comfortable swing , pretty colors and super-soft surface . multiple speed settings . tip-safe . our baby disliked it , but we will keep it for the next one .
over rated ! much better chew toys out there . this is an overpriced dog toy . it's not even that great for teething . don't waste your money .
my only complaints are that i wish they were a little bigger and i couldn't get them to stick to the back window of my honda accord .
nice thin fabric for warmer temperatures . a nice snug fit . leg room provides little to no room for movement - in contrast to a sleep sack .
i know it's inexpensive , and maybe it passes industrial tests as suitable for kids - but it's nothing i want my kid sitting in .
we like this product . it keeps our child from falling from the bed ! good quality and decent length . we love it
very soft pink doll . no long ribbons or hair so safe for little ones and very cute love this doll .
true to its name , it is a super soft yet sturdy bumper . great buy ! very pleased with this purchased . also a good value .
my baby play with it without really playing with it .. it's there in her park but that is it .
love it , perfect . no need for a big changing table . just need this with a cover on a flat dresser .
simple , cute , entertaining . one of my 7 month olds favorite toys . they are lite , easy to chew on , she likes knocking them over
it is what it is , they work and you can hang them you only get 2 in a pack they should change the image .
makes cleaning dirty cloth diapers a breeze ! make sure to pair it with bumkin's diaper spray . the less poop in my washer the better .
the baby is entranced by how the dragons move and swing around . even adults love it ! easy to hang with an eye-screw .
i love all the music baby einstein products play , and this is no different . the colors and lights are great too .
we bought this for the portable mini crib and it works great . the color is nice and neutral but the texture is a little " crunchy " .
this bag does what it needs to . loved the price , easy to clean and sticks well to the bath wall . dries toys quickly . no complaints .
easy to carry and care . make highchairs look clumsy . space saver . goes well with my dinning room theme . not adjustablele .
it is too small but good for you fill up little thing and light . lip is tight enogh no leak .
a good cup that doesn't leak . not sure what else can be said - happy with this purchase overall . no complaints .
i am 7 months pregnant with twins and my mom bought this for me . it is deffinately helpful , although i use it with a wedge .
very nice colors , looks almost like hand made , soft fabric , perfect size bell-crow , never warned out from washing unlike others .
this pillow was too small . i'm 5 ' - 4 " and there was no way to make this comfortable . i ended up returning it .
yep , pretty much just a bag container . would work well for those who have dogs too and have to clean up their leavings .
this tray is great for feeding and playing ! easy to pop on and off - - makes the bumbo even more wonderful !
works great - fits snugly to our chico keyfit 30 car seat and definitely keeps the baby warm . highly recommend !
my baby is 4 weeks old , i have not yet used a thing from it . regular adult stuff is more useful and better quality .
these do not cover even close to the whole back windows and after awhile they fall down . i wish they were a lot bigger .
these sheets are so cute , and oh so soft ! definitely very comfortable for the little ones to sleep on . i highly recommend them .
these are okay swaddling blankets-very lightweight and stretchy it seems . i think they is why she can break out of the swaddle easier
it will be great to see it when it will be put to good use when the twins arrive in january
folk is normal size but the spoon is too big , it's strange ... it is very cute and case is nice , everything is good except this part ...
my grand daughter loves this toy at one year old . it is sturdy enough to be tossed around and it has many activities to keep her entertained .
perfect for winter , very soft and warm ! i also got the cotton ones for summer also . i ended up getting two
simple , soft , and washes well , we have a few of these , they are very soft , wash well and seem to wear well .
fits more than i had expected and my son likes to hide in it as well and i am not worried about him getting trapped in it .
no complaints ! served its purpose . my daughter liked to chew on it better than sucking on the attached pacifier :)
perfect gift for new parents . swaddle baby & turn on vibrate , baby sleeps . baby sleeps securly by your bed . i highly recommend .
my baby hated this thing so i cannot comment on it's effectiveness . bit it seemed like a cool idea . passed it on .
my baby loves this . she would chomp on it for hours if i let her ! she likes the way it feels on her gums .
my son loves these blocks ! offer a wide range of learning options , from infants to toddlers . definitely happy with this purchase
these are nice and thick i like them as wash clothes personally i like the grovia ones as wipes grovia ones have a better price too .
item came perfect , no flaws . i love zebra print for my lil girl and this makes bathtime fun for my newborn and me ! :)
having this chair in my child's bathroom is a knee saver ! ! i can not believe i did not buy one of these sooner !
the fabric is ok , the price is awesome.baby loves it very much . lets hear it from my baby.oo eh woo eh woo woo ehh ehh
it was just as described ... i liked a lot , it's very usefull and the compartiments have plenty of space to organize things !
these are great . they stick to the wall well , and are easy to remove . they just complete my son's room decor .
dr . brown's are the best bottles . our baby spit up a lot until we switched to dr . brown's . definitely use this brand .
bought this for my darling daughter . she absolutely loved it . it's great for cooling her off on a hot day .
great for an infant that needed a swaddle to sleep but started rolling over so we had to transition out .
i loves these ! the colors are bright and work great for in front of my daughters toys . and she loves to take them apart !
this thing as so loud and piercing . my son doesn't really care for it . it's heavy for a baby to hold and doesn't really do much .
the only pacifier my baby will take . worth the investment . my baby is breastfed and hates bottles but he loves this paci
i wouldn t use anything else ! my daughter never gets dirty or wet with this bib and it is very easy to clean
love it . it would be a mess with out it ! must get it !
i wish the back was a little higher but that's about it for complaints . very good product and like the adjustable base .
my daughter is 16 pounds and 26 ounces - 4 mo . and she has plenty of room to grow . she loves them too !
turtle was very cute and super soft . rattle is also a nice quite sound unlike some of the rattles out there .
love the skip hop owl stuff , very cute , can't wait for our new lil bundle to arrive to cherish it !
fits great in the bottles and i love the stand it comes on--great for by the sink so it doesn't get dirty .
these are so nice . i can clip my baby's nails while she's sleeping and she doesn't even flinch . took one worry right away !
i am a big fan of these bottles ! they are great ! my son is breastfed mainly but he loves these bottles !
perfect addition to any little dinosaur themed nursery ! dinosaurs are soft and cute and the music is soothing and happy ! my son loved this ! ! !
i love this crib but i'm just a little annoyed that it arrived cracked in the back . i didn't send it back but it really is an eyesore .
the pieces fit together very snugly , very light and seem very durable . highly recommended , and it's very soft on the knees of the little crawlers .
my son did not like these at all . he threw them on the ground and he still won't use them .
my grandson loves his . perfect amount of vibration , the music and humming and shushing are not obnoxious at all . goes everywhere with him .
this was the best cap we could have purchased for the milk bottles we need to fill regularly . especially with twins , it really came in handy .
hard to keep this item on a dinning room chair . especially with a three year old moving around constantly . needs to be held down somehow .
over priced and not quite as comfortable as they make it appear . hard and baby did not like it , wasted my money !
nice product . was smaller than what i was expecting but my son loves to stack the cups . great to use in the bath tub .
bought it for my 5 month old that's been teething , he loves it ! he grabs it from me every time i show it to him .
used as replacements for my medela pump parts . i had to throw my old parts away in between pregnancies . these work with all of my medela parts .
great stool for kids to learn how to wash hand , my son use it in front of his indoor trampoline and he loves it
haven't had my baby yet but have heard good things about the first years brand . i like the look and feel of them .
we use one of these everyday for naptime . my big boy is 17 months and this fits him perfectly and probably will for a few more months .
lesson learned , don't put the podee tubing in the dishwasher , else you'll be ordering more of these like i did !
these wash clothes are very thin , but we found them perfect for wiping faces after meals.they wash well ( and the colors didn't fade when bleached ) .
durable , soft , light blue color jersey crib sheet is a well priced product , i would buy again good for both winter and summer months .
so worth it . i thought this was completely unnecessary because we live in texas but it is wonderful ! my little guy loves it :)
this is an amazing and very practical product . it helps when on the go and traveling . i would def recommend it to others .
i bought this for my niece and she loved it . she plays with it a lot and watches the show . will recommend it .
excellent bottle caps for mixing formula ! very durable easy to clean and they already come with your purchase of the glass lifefactory baby bottles .
there work better for me than the standard size given in the hospital . it really depends on size . these were a good product .
this is a very nice bottle set and very good for my grandson . i think he likes these bottles and i will order form this company again .
these protectors are very good and secure . just fit for the purpose , the quantity and the quality are good too . i highly recommend this item .
this is so smart , i can't wait to give the baby melon and peaches and all that !
used to store breastmilk over many months . easy to clean and are still in great shape after many uses . .
very nice rug . a little bit small , but good quality for that price . ordered the nojo nightlight with it . both are really cute together .
i already had the pump and needed extra bottles . these work great . i have already used them a couple of times and they work as expected .
so far so good . they washed well , didn't shrink , and fitted onto the mattress afterwards . i have a safety 1st heavenly dreams mattress .
really soft fabric . love the colors & of course the ability to swaddle ! very light weight , doesn't make babies sweat like some swaddle blankets .
it's so great product for my baby's crib . easy to use . i defenately recommand it .
perfect cupholder and organizer for our b-agile stroller . the nice thing is it doesn't interfere with fold up either , you can leave it on all the time !
great product . works as it says , although i needed the larger size and there is obviously no way to return these .
thinner than some of the other bibs out there . easy to clean and take on and off . perfect simple bib .
totally great in those early months when babies have random spit up moments . also used it on my bed to have under the baby while sleep nursing .
these smell wonderful . they are not too heavy , but they definitely do the job of neutralizing odors . however , i wish they lasted longer .
these have a crease up the middle and are not the most comfortable . still wear them if the other brands are not clean .
this is a great product . our child fit comfortable in that seat . we love the feature of adjustable to 9 position .
was happy to see i could buy these on line as we only have one store that carries the replacement spouts and they were over priced .
these are exactly what they say they are . they come in a little case which helps keep things organized and prevents them from getting lost .
i've had no trouble with this so far . easy to remove the food . better than ice cube trays which is hard and rigid .
this fits any car seat ! ! ! it does what it is created to do . it looks very warm and i recommend it for families with infants !
my granchild love the fish . he is 9 months old and theething and enjoy the cold feeling of the water ..
these are great , but came a little warped from the packaging and don't lay flat on my window . but i love that there are no suction cups .
i love this mobile ! the only problem is the wind up music box is very temperamental and doesn't always work ...
we have this on our fridge and stove door . our 18 month son cannot get into either which is great ! sturdy and works as expected
i hate how so many sippy cups have hard nipples . it is bad for the teeth coming in . also like the handles .
i was excited to use this . however , it was a bit difficult to put puréed food into it and sealing it .
this idea is so great . it helps contain the mess left on restrauant floors . plus you can recycle the food !
this sheet fit my son's mini crib perfectly . it isn't the softest sheet , but it's still nice and looks cute .
friend loved this item ! we bought it off their registry as a gift , they love it .
i love this play gym , my baby loves it more . i love the colors and the fact that it can fold up .
we use these for his overnight diapers inserted into the bumgenius pocket diaper . he stays dry for 10-11 hours and we have zero leaks . love them !
seems thin and kind of flimsy and barely fits the child size pillow . i would not order it again but this size is really hard to find .
these work great . we use it in the car , store and stroller . it saves me from constantly picking up my daughter's cups .
love this nightlight ! my son isn't old enough to appreciate it yet but i certainly do !
i probably wouldn't love these for bathing my daughter , but they're great as wipes . we use , wash and dry them constantly and they're holding up well .
i have bought several of these for baby shower and baby gifts . they are absolutely the best and every new mom loves them .
they definitely don't last too long , but they definitely helped with my diaper pail for at least two weeks . i was satisfied .
work perfectly on our white crib . bought two , one for back rail and one for front . washed nicely . made well to secure to crib .
we used this behind the tv for all the connects and cords . it works well and keeps all the cords from being pulled .
3 different noise making settings . could be a bit more sensitive but my little guy liked it . good toy for the price .
i love these bag always have them in my diaper bag and they do have smell nice good size too
these are great bottles i swore by them with my last baby and they have made some nice improvements since then !
simple and easy to use . this works great for a newborn . i started using it with an 8 - lber ) and it's cute to boot !
why not just buy flushable liners because you will lose these and they matt up look good at first after a wash or too not so much
like this . i don't use it as much as i thought i would , but the couple times i have used it , it's been handy and useful .
we had brought several different types of bottle . we went strait to this one and never tried the others . works great and baby loves them .
this works perfectly on our standard tub spout . it fits snugly and doesn't slide around . my daughter loves the bright yellow duckie .
great quality and cute fabric . i bought it for it being waterproof and the right size i was looking for .
we have a 48 inches hallway , but it doesn't fit to our hallway.had to return it.description needs to be changed ! ! !
it is imperative to have extra parts when you're pumping . these fit just as well as the original valves that came with my pump .
very easy to use , nice that cooking and chopping are done in the same bowl . booklet is helpful . large volume . love it .
this warmer is not only easy to use , its small and doesn't take up a lot of room . its also very fast at heating bottles from the fridge
my little one loves these keys . they're great for teething and general throwing and banging . and they're good for him and the environment . definitely recommend .
might as well order 2-3 sets of these . great for playing alone and just attaching toys to everything , carrier , stroller , car seat ...
pros : more effective than other one , price good with this qualitycons : a little bit harder to use comparing with other nasal aspirator , difficult to clean
was easy to put together . it looks great ! our 2 1/2 year old loves it ! no complaints here ! lightweight to move around but sturdy .
the crinkle and rattle and mirror , perfect . my two month old loves the bee . he just looks and coos . great toy .
my son is a kicker and the standard swaddles don't give him enough room to move his legs around . the sleep sack is perfect .
fits my crib perfectly and prevents any biting . it's pretty too and seems like it's good quality at a good price .
but that's probably why it does such a good job . oh well , they won't be crawling , pulling up and toppling forever . i would buy again .
my son loves this teether . he's been sucking on it since he was 3 months old and still loves it ( he's 8 months old now ) .
the bumkins waterproof sleeved bib , 6 months to 2 years , blue owl works good it is a nice bummkins for the baby
my birthing center gave us one when my son was born . i loved it so much that i bought another !
truly love this product ! so easy to pump , collects as much as my electric pump and it is gentle .
this little twig actually holds quite a bit of little items and is very handy to add to the boon drying rack .
i got this for my changing table and it looks great . i might get another one to put downstairs on the pack and play .
used every day and perfect for stacking in the fridge . colour codes are fun for toddlers and tired parents remembering what went into the jars .
a must have for any nursing mom ! adjustable size will fit any chest ( including my large one ! ) highly recommended !
really adorable , this mobile is really good quality . i was surprised when it came directly from germany ! it goes perfectly in our nursery !
it works . holds up well over time . keeps the kiddo out of the toilet . only issue is it is difficult to easily clean .
it keeps baby entertained , what more can you want . it has also been used as a teether which makes baby happy .
these can't be found in stores here where we live . i was happy to find them online . these bottles are useless without them .
turtles are my favorite animal so i got some turtle bibs because babies always need a few gave one to a friend and one to a cousin
great for little hands . they don't slip out of little hands , roll very well , are fun for juggling ... highly recommended .
i'd go with the tie points you put on the wall . i think these things suck and don't work all that well .
i like them because of the variety of texture and temperature , as well as choice of soft or hard . recommended .
love these bottles . not the easiest to wash but my baby seems to enjoy them . the nipple is the perfect shape .
i wish i had gone with cotton instead . this product is too warm for baby ( especially as it wraps around her 3 times )
i bought this when my little girl was 4 month old and this still working after a one year use . good quality
we have our tv stand and large screen tv gated off however we installed the straps as a precautionary for our twins . they were easy to install
only brush that gets como tomo bottles clean ! i have tried many others and none even compare to this brush .
i dont really have a lot of space so putting this on a chair made it easy to move from room to room . i would highly recommend .
fit perfectly , and it's super soft . love the fabric ! good price and good quality . i may want to order another one ! !
it's so small ! ! ! barely fit four diapers . i was under the impression that it was large ! quite annoyed about it .
we give these as gifts all the time . these are crazy soft to the point where i wish my bed was made out of these .
this seat was smaller then i originally expected . it does the job and is light weight and cheap , but quality matches cost .
this is easy to use and easy to clean , i broke the plastic in the jar but that was my fault , it still works great !
these sleeps sacks are great . bed room is over garage and gets chilly at night so these are nice and warm for the baby . better than swaddling
excellent training cup ! ! cleans up nicely . i am able to put it on the top shelf of the dishwasher . easy for our toddler to manage
love these ! perfect size for the kids , dishwasher and microwave safe . just what we were looking for and they're holding up great .
i purchased this bib along with eleven other bibs . this one is by far the nicest of them all , and also more absorbing .
loved this funnel . it worded great with the food squeeze system . to me , this is a necessary item to buy with the food squeeze system .
what can you say , its a pad and so far it seems to work . fits the bassinet just right .
i obviously haven't slept on it , but my daughter's favorite place to sleep and play is in her crib . she seems to think it's quite comfortable !
turned out to be too small for me ( shopping around for the right fit ) , but they fit into the connectors and worked as intended .
a must have . worth every penny ! i am so glad i got this , now i can read , send email , and make calls while pumping !
it is a nice toy net although not as big as i would expect being as its labeled jumbo , serves its purpose though
very cute cards - my baby loves these . it makes learning words more fun .
you can keep a 2nd key on the other side of the kitchen for convenience . fyi , any strong magnet should work to open the locks if needed .
what a great idea . this mat prevents toys and food from falling on the floor . it is soft and easy to clean-up .
have heard a lot of good things about this bouncer . just put it together and it seems like its built to last .
my 4 1/2 month old uses these nipples with the 4 oz dr . brown glass bottles - i love these products .
poorly made and it does not hold heavy objects . i returned this right away . don't even bother wasting your money .
the sound is very good , not so loud , good materials and is very cute . sounds are very soothing . good buy
these are great and work perfect with the cups that have the larger sprout on top . they are great to have when my toddler bites through the tops .
i would recommend this product . i use it in my sons playpen . i wash it a few times a week and it still looks brand new .
they fit great on our graco pack n ' play ad wash up nicely . excellent price and love the thicker sheet ( as opposed to a cotton sheet )
this was a must have for travel to protect our car seat . the car seat fits perfectly snug and has worked on multiple trips without any problems .
it seems longer than other crib skirts , but i don't mind it hanging on the floor . it's adorable , and seems to be of good quality .
they stay put . i have them on wood and tile and on countertop edges . i have never had a problem with them falling off .
a significant amount of milk backed into the tubing as soon as i started pumping . this did not happen with the medela brand tubing .
! t is great to have the portable access to be able to pump and go.when i am very busy and this allows the time .
my husband and i both find it extremely difficult to loosen and tighten the straps when putting out daughter int he seat .
this essentially maximizes your space on the lawn and helps organize the different parts of bottles as you wash them . excellent buy , very pleased with it .
these were very good and used a lot the package was nice and really everything was nice about them good buy .
great bag at an affordable price . i love the outer mesh pocket which i usually story my baby's shampoo and body wash . love this product !
ordered two sheets from american baby company . they are soft , excellent quality , and fit my mattress perfectly with lots of extra room .
this is easy to install and my daughter loves the tray for her sippy cup and snacks . very usefully and works well .
good for light-moderate leakage . pads aren't contoured , so they wouldn't fit well on small breasts . no adhesive so they tend to shift if you are active .
best spoons for ne to feed the baby , very ergonomic . baby likes these too . so much easier to spoon thin purrees with .
these are horrible . the moment my daughter drops it the contents spill out . do not buy these . waste of money .
great cover pad works super great kids love it much better than the one from before better quality buy one
it is very sealed and the size is perfect . the only thing is that it is hard to open . but that why it is very sealed .
essential to turn this stroller into a baby one too ! my carseat was a " safety first " and it fit just fine . :)
best playard and easy to close which was one of my concerns . i have had it for a year now and it still in good conditions
we love this item ! it is very sturdy , easy to clean , and keeps baby comfortable . it is great for naps too .
these diapers work very well . we have not had any accidents yet ! i bought them for night-time use . so far so good .
this is a cute and colorful octopus . it will surely grab the attention of our grandson with the dangling legs and the colors .
these are so soft and fit just right , and its a very soft blue colour . my 7month old loves sleeping on this fitted sheet
i am happy with this product , although it is smaller than expected , it is a good quality and small enough for little hands to hold .
unlike other bath toy organizers the suction cups stick very well in our shower , though it does slide down the wall with too much weight .
so glad i bought it , it was so very useful . and so easy to just stuff in a pocket when not in use .
these are cheaper than the ones i bought at babies r us and are just as good ! they look great and are easy to use.highly recommend !
i think this is a must for anyone with a teething baby . perfect size and my baby loves sophie , he can fit different parts in his mouth easily
it does the job ! and it's cute ! my two kids tend to walk around the bath tub and the spout won't hurt them with this !
it does what it's suppose to do . it's cute , good quality and i would buy again . i will edit review if it falls apart .
these do not catch and hold the poop away from the diaper like other brands i have tried . i wont be using these again .
i used this to practice brushing the teeth and to clean inside baby's mouth this is a excellent item for a teething baby as well . great product
good tool to have in your box in thise first few weeks . before you master swaddling .
this is so cool i like that it will be used for longer than just a kneeler for baby baths ... for the little one as a todler
got for an expecting mother and she is happy to have a just in case bag for her and baby when she is on the go .
so i guess we like them . the 3yo in one and the 1yo in the other . they work as intended and are pretty easy to clean up .
shipped through low cost carrier " lasership " which is notorious for losing packages ... like this one . never received product .
these get such good reviews but i found baby at 6 months and 13 pounds too heavy with this one . ergo and mammasmilk were better
this cover is great ! it covers everything , is lightweight and it doesn't look like a breastfeeding cover . i highly recommend it .
this toy is beautiful , good quality , the size is good and very colorful . is very appealing to babies . i liked ! !
soft cushiony and easy to wash . you can just throw the padding in the washer . it has soothing music and it vibrates . extra cute and girly .
it has really changed my life ! now i can work , eat , read or soothe my baby while i express milk !
they are cute , and exactly what i expected . no complaints and seem durable enough . considering ordering another set to finish out our changing table .
this is very bright and cute the only problem is the mirror knocks over easy but i still would buy it again
i know several baits that are enjoying the soft , flexible sophie giraffe . no wonder she made it to the top baby products !
correct items for the replacement for this part . works just the same as the original piece . comes as shown in the picture just the cap no tubing .
my little one loved these when he was 6 months . we went to restaurants and gave him the rings to keep him occupied . also great when teething .
greasy ... hard to clean off the tub . i was not happy with this product at all and would not order again .
smaller than i expected and very cheap feeling , but it gets the job done for now . big enough to hold the essentials .
and soft . even cuter in person than on amazon pic . softer than most changing pad covers i saw a big box stores . great quality .
she loves this toy ... she just can't figure out how to get the ball out of the middle ; ) it's a great attention keeper .
i bought this for my baby's bath temperature but i haven't used it as a temperature but as a bath toy , and my baby girl loves it !
the crib sheet is pretty , but the dye has a bit of an odor . i had to wash it twice before using .
these are a great product and very inexpensive in my opinion ! i bought them for my almost two year old little boy and love them !
my child is constantly drooling . these are great and help keep the necks of his clothing dry . i have ordered two sets of these .
my grandson loves these . in the bath or out of the batch . they blow air or water . how fun is that ?
for pure magic try using these to double swaddle your baby . i leaned how to double swaddle from a youtube video .
you get what you think you will - these outlet plugs fit into your standard wall outlet and keep little fingers out . good bang for your buck .
we returned because we had the seats installed by the chp . the do not recommend any liners between the seat base and seat .
my newborn really enjoys these toys . they keep her entertained and interested without too much noise . very easy to use .
i love these pods ! they are very easy to fill and throw in the diaper bag for feedings . wonderful purchase !
we really like the system and saved us in a few places where this was the only thing that would have worked due to cabinet design .
this is one of my favorite diapers . just love them . they are very well made and i like how they snap together .
we used this in the teething phase ( 4-8 months ) and my daughter loved to shake it and chew on it . perfect for low price .
the baby isn't here yet i'm sure my friends will put it to good use once the baby is here
it's nothing special - it's a dishwasher basket . it fits what i need it to fit and things get clean - works well .
this was a good buy . it's very light so you can move it easily from place to place and quite sturdy and attractive . folds and unfolds easily .
this dispenser keeps wipes nice and warm . i never like the idea of those cold wilpes on the baby's tender areas .
our boy is almost 7 months now and these bibs are super tiny for him . these are great , until you reach that age or about 17 pounds .
perfect size for feeding babies and for teaching toddlers . fun and bright colors .
this was christmas gift for grandson . these bibs look wonderful when baby starts eating food . easy clean up thank you
it works well and its nice to hide your childs poop and it doesn't let the smell out ! i would recommend this to many !
i bought this affordable seat for my mother-in-laws car and it has served the purpose well . it seems substantial and comfortable .
works great . i like that it is easy to remove and reposition . i wish they would sell them in different sizes .
my daughter loves these things . i don't even need to attach toys , she just loves seeing them dangle and to grab or chew on them !
this hamper is way more than i was expecting , i love it ! it's big enough for babies clothes and strong . i recomend it .
i never used these because i figured that they would not be comfortable . what a waste of money and resources .
my daughter loves this . she's normally scared of the big tub but once i put this i , she's been loving the water .
i love the on-the-go diaper genie . definitely does its job and keeps all those smells locked away while we're out and about !
these cord wraps are very thick plastic and not cheap like other ones . they are plenty big for long cords .
easy install , maybe a little confusing as it only shows tiny little pictures . it does the job though once you have it on .
i haven't used it but it looks like it's going to be really useful , the size is bigger than i thought .
my daughter loved this interactive mat and it really helped her build the upper body strength she needed for learning to crawl
the side pocket for wipes is totally awesome . love the look - get compliments all the time on this bag .
this is the perfect swaddle blanket . it is the only one we used that my daughter could not wiggle out of . i recommend this to all new parents
great design , she loves chewing on this . curved shape is good . i was hesitant that she would gag herself , but the design prevents that !
net is great , the chain is not . chain is a very cheap plastic chain that will not hold much but the net is great for stuffed animals .
my daughter likes these a lot and i would buy them again . she can grip them really well too .
at first i thought this was too small but it is a great size for 2-3 year old . they are very comfortable with it .
they're exactly what they say they are , they work , they're well made . will continue to purchase when i need replacements .
good for portion size when making your own baby food . only issue is they may not be worth the price .
i feel my baby is safer wearing this convenient sleepsack than wearing a blanket . and it stays on when my baby started rolling over in her sleep .
the lid has two parts that have a nice rubber ring to prevent spills , its dishwasher safe and easy to clean .
the favorite toy is the banana ! this is a great toy and the fact that it makes sounds is really great for this age .
these feel so great ! the light cotton outer is so smooth and with the insulation and knit lining make such a warm and cozy combination !
this pillow helps me go in a really deep sleep while my belly grows bigger and bigger every day ... i just love it
i was super surprised to see how much my little one loves this toy other than all her bath toys . it is great
the changing table came quickly and was packaged properly . it looks beautiful in our nursery and has plenty of space in the drawers / cubbies !
the best one we've tried was the lansinoh . this one does not leak and baby has to initiate sucking so thats a plus.flow is slightly fast .
this product is great and we use it everyday . no more spilled drinks and everything imaginable fits conveniently in the organizer .
great swaddles as always . they are huge and soft . these are the softer ones , not from target . cute color and design
great sheet , very soft , organic for the price of non-organic sheets and after several washes it looks and feels new . couldn't ask for more .
works great ... i use it for most changes easy to wash and i dry at medium heat for 20 minutes and ready to use again !
the baby doesn't like this shape of pacifier at all . the quality of the product was great & the packaging was very sanitary .
my baby grew out if this after a month at 19 " ... i wanted to return it but my husband threw out the box .
my niece love it . great item great price :) will recommend it to anyone with a 7-9 months old baby :)
it might look gross , but the first time your baby can't breath because of a stuff nose , you will think this thing is the greatest invention .
bought it for my baby when he was about 6 months , now he is almost 2 years old and still has fun with it
easy to use and allows you to get accurate temperatures without trying to put anything in the baby's ear , which is nice when the baby is upset
this is very cute however for whatever reason my son does not like it maybe of the strap.he just likes carrying it lol
works great , my son wouldn't drink out of some sippy cups so it was nice to find one he would use !
easy to fold light weight and easy steering . great for the malls ... i have a second jogger for outdoor rough terrain . totally recommended !
my husband and i use this diaper bag every day and love it . it's a good size , has good storage and is good quality .
any my baby and toddler love the fabric ... it makes it so nice and cozy for them ! wish they made sheets like this for adults !
couldn't get this to stay put . safety pinned it like crazy and now it's good . wouldn't stay at the right angle otherwise .
bought this for my three-year-old . he loves it , i love it . couldn't be happier .
doesn't work as well as i had hoped it would for my 20mon old . trying to return as we speak !
this is the second one of these i bought . gave one to my kids and they love it so bought another one to keep at the beach .
the sleepsack is lightweight and great for chilly nights . it is easy for little ones to walk around and move in .
this crib is absolutley beautiful and classy . it was very easy to put together as well . we will have this for many years to come .
my son loves these , i call it his snooze button because they give me a little extra sleep at night lol
that you could love such a simple product ? we've never made our baby bleed when cutting his nails , and i've even used these for myself on occasion .
i don't see a problem with them , but my son would rather use avent or soothie pacifiers . he just ins't a fan of the gumdrop .
thought this was cute at first but the opening is way too smaill for toddler hands ! my son struggles to pull his hand out with his snacks .
this is far more narrow than i expected , though the measurements are listed , i must have overlooked . pay attention to the size of this
so easy to put together . looked great when finished . really loved it and price is very reasonable . definitely reccommend to decorate a baby / toddler room
i love the boppy , when my back hurts it's the perfect way to nurse , baby loves to play on boppy !
these little pots are great for the first stage of feeding ! they work like a charm , frozen food pops out easily !
mi nena los super uso y los sigue usando , es facil para agarrarlos , se enfrian rapidisimo , y de muy buena calidad .
this was just what i needed . it covers the whole bottom of our tub unlike many other mats i have seen .
these spoons are great until your lo is toddler age . six in a pack is helpful and they are a good price .
cute , easy to hold but there are other cups out there that do not require so much effort to use .
it is a good brush but after about a month or 2 needs to be replaced because the bristles get all matted up
perfect size for my 3 year old ! and soooo adorable ! if the full collection were not so expensive we'd have it all !
worth the money and is well made material . velcro does stick great and is great for baby to sleep in .
my son will play in this forever . the sounds aren't bad to listen to which is a nice surprise . would definitely buy again !
i got this for my niece and my sister in law loves it . she says it's soft and the perfect size for an infant . :o)
kids love having these for their dolls , they continue to use them and i have managed to keep anything from getting lost .
soft & fluffy cotton ! it's what i was looking for . product quality is great . i recommend the skip hop towels for sure
helpful to protect the mattress . much easier to use than the type that are fitted - two fitted things are more of pain .
this conversion kit allows me to pump into the large 9 oz avent bottles , which is very helpful as the medela bottles only allow up to 6 oz .
my daughter just loves this to pieces . so happy i finally caved in and got it after " eyeballing " it for the past few months !
if you're looking for a first rattle for your baby , this is it . it is great rattle and my daughter really liked it .
can finally get in those little nooks & crannies in my granddaughter's sippy cup top . really does the job right .
i bought medium based on the sizing given but it is a bit tight . also the cost is high and the quality and usage is not that great .
i don't see the purpose i put the bottles on the counter after sterilazion waste of money .
these are nice and large for when my daughter spits liquid peas everywhere . the pocket is handy . lovely patterns too .
i decided not to use these because the assembly would have been too much for me to install 50 of them
these are hard to squirt , but very cute . they float nicely and are a lot of fun in the tub .
fits the dream on me 3 pack and play mattress perfectly . matches the color scheme and has lasted a year and half so far . no complaints .
these are comfortable and cool for summer and wash well . the were worth the slightly high price . will probably order another set .
this toy is colorful , plays a song and is easy to hold on to . it has a lot of crinkly parts and different textures .
these are great vfm , easy to install , sturdy and once you get the hang of opening them you don't think twice .
i don't even use avent bottles but i love this dryer . it makes more sense and takes up less room on the counter !
very thin for the price . it is very hard to get on the mat . i will have to see how it wears .
these ring things were really and truly useless for us . the links went missing quickly and our daughter just wasn't interested in this toy ...
it is easy to use and comes in handy when at the park . the cord is sturdy and long enough to wrap around most poles .
it's a nice smoothie but a little hard to clean because it's not removable from toy
for my expecting niece , i had gotten her the smaller and was just rounding out with the 8os since bottles will always be a handy gift !
these are really wonderful . however , they are $ 10 on lots of other sites including the gumdrop pacifier site and come with a gumdrop pacifier .
this was a christmas gift for my 11 month old grandson , and he loves it because his toys are right there .
i love this , its cute and friendly looking and also very easy to slide over my spout and take of when my baby isn't in the tub .
they stick to the tub as advertised . helpful for my little guy to learn his letters and numbers during bathtime .
really liked this - good rattle with colors that get his attention . i would recommend and now i'm filling up space for this review lol
i opted to get the large size for my infant and they works a little better for me
we use this gate to keep our 22mo from climbing the stairs from our family room to the main floor . works like a charm !
bought this bath mat to save my knees when bathing my son . i ended up not using it because my bath mat was softer .
this is a nice large size bib that can even be used for doing art projects . works well for toddlers and larger infants .
i say that it is the best , i haven't tried anything else because this is sooooo nice . just enough to keep her from being bored .
my granddaughter loves the tunes and likes the handle to grab and shake . the product functions well and was as described .
my baby so enjoys this rattle - easy to hold at the ends and rattles when shaken . its a favorite . the o ball is awesome too !
but the manual pump really requires patience and hard work to get it work . i only used it once when i had to be on a trip .
this liner fits in my sons bassinet perfectly and really helps with midnight messy changes since you cant wash the bassinet matress this is the best thing to have .
i definitely feel that my stuff is safer when i use this lock , not only for strollers . very happy with my purchase
i love this pump ... and in this price oh my ... it has a great suction and comfortable ... little laude but that's ok with me ... (:
this thing is huge . way too big for my 9 month old to put in her mouth . boo !
very nice blankies , they quilt up after washing them a few times . great for warm weather . i do wish they were a tad bit bigger .
i am disapointed in the quality of this product . the fabric is piling , including more after each wash . the fabric seems to be of cheap quality .
this is the perfect product for a teething baby ! put some frozen bananas in it for a sure way to calm your teether !
no need to boil the water and wait the bottles to be sterilized . this is automatic , and so easy to use .
i found this item to be too big and take up too much counter space so ended up returning it .
this is one of my son favorite parts . it is for food , teething and playing with . i highly recommend it .
the velcro is really sticky and they worked great for us . i would recommend these if you need one for your stroller !
these batteries fit our graco baby monitors . it was a considerable savings compared to buying new monitors . esy to change out batteries .
i've bought several teethers and this i one of the best ones . the vibration helps ease the discomfort and the colors make it also very interesting .
it's interchangeable and worth great as both a bib and burp cloth . love the quality and plushness of the material . definitely great for both newborns and toddlers !
better than putting it with your normal drying rack . very organized . and keeps the space for your dishes for dishes .
these are my favorites . they are far more durable than other nipples . they last forever and are so easy to use .
my son loved this book ; i think he learned to turn pages by playing and throwing and chewing on this . great graphics and textures .
ec on the goperfect for travel and visitingwhen adjusting legs you have to do one side at a time on each leg
best teething toy ever ! they are easy to hold . the rubber is soft and my 6 month old loves it .
i really like this feeder . it is easy to clean and much neater than the mesh bag feeders . i like that it has a case too !
i started my second baby out in a convertible carseat and these make it so much easier to get her in . love that they are cpst approved too :)
formula would spill into other compartments . great idea though . could use the improvement to stop formula from going into other compartments
this calendar is very cute ! pics do not do justice . love the simplicity of it . cute art work and stickers !
we've been using this monitor for 10 months now , it's does a good job and we haven't had any issues with it .
smells heavenly ! the price is better than at baby's r us and it smells so good i have been using it on myself rather than on my munchkin .
soft and fits perfect . after i purchased it i found out that nothing should be in the car seat , so i never used it .
this is a lot more expensive at the store , is a pure white which the rest are a dirty off white
this was a gift for my grandson that is five month old and looks like he is teething and this tail fish i hope wlll help .
3 row seating for the boys . comfy ride , or at least it seems to be . easy install and easy to clean .
these are very well made with a nice coating and perfect size for an infant getting started with solids . look no more .
great quality with terry on one side and smooth cotton on the other . better than other discount wash cloths that i've seen at stores .
this is an awesome transition piece for when your little one learns to roll over and you can no longer swaddle . i highly recommend this to all parents .
my baby sleeps in this for a long time ! it is soft and goes well with our decor . i like this swing better than all the rest !
i've been using avent philips bottles since my son was born . love the product , the price & my son loves it too .
love , love , love this highchair . super easy to use , move and clean .
the cases of wipes are great for on the go . very easy to store and take with you when traveling with baby .
this item was perfect . the material is soft and the fit was great . washed well and retained shape and color .
i love how this operates ... for me i feel this has a great seal so i don't sense any smell
works well with my co-sleeper . i only wish they would make them in the same colors like co-sleepers to match .
our toddler has been sleeping in halos since he was a tiny baby , they're so practical and easy to put on .
the avent system is great . i recommend to moms out there . well made and safe product . i use all of the bottles and feeding products .
great product ! helps prevent tangling / rolling if straps & buckles which saves this mama time & frustration ! so glad they are available on amazon ...
this is a great bib ! the adjustable sizing fits even smaller babies and the fabric washes off easily . i love this bib and will order many more .
the animal photo holders are cute , used it as a party favor in a party so that kids can use it to put their on pic .
this is by far the most used single item i bought for the baby . she loves to hang out in this so she can see the world .
works . soft and comfy . what can i say , it is a toilet seat . started using it when my son was 18 months .
kind of expensive but totally amazing at catching food that dribbles out of your baby's mouth . and our baby enjoys looking in the cup and eating leftovers !
love these , though my daughter ( 5 months ) seems to really love the rattle ball most .
each cube responds differently to the touch which may spark you kids interest.our kid liked them for the first week or two and now only occasionally plays with them .
i have had this brush for 9 months using it daily and its still like brand new ; cleans the bottles great ! would def buy again
this bath is a great price and works well with small and large babies . i have one for myself and even bought one for a friend .
everything i thought it would be and then some . very happy with this product . high quality , and made very well .
super convenient , rolls into a tiny tube , easy to use ... all of the things something you're toting around in your diaper bag should be ! !
works well in keeping my 1 year old in place and is very comfortable . i will definitely recommend it to anyone .
my daughter said these are perfect just what she wanted , so i guess its a 5 star rating for her .
this is currently in our son's pack and play since he's not sitting up yet . he enjoys looking at himself and playing with the ' crunchy ' leaves .
simple to use . just plug it in . works great in the dark and light automatically . sound is great on it too . great buy .
break off the doors . kids just ripped them off with in hours of them being installed . a 2 and 3 year old . sad
good quality and fits the crib mattress nicely . so tired of cheap products . this one is a keeper . ordered several to make night changes easier .
i think the spout is more like a nipple than a sippie cup . i was a little disappointed that they appeared to be for babies rather than toddlers .
my 6 month old loves this ball and it is really fun for her to play with and it is easy to take it places .
my daughter requested these for her new baby . they seem to be good quality and are very cute . nice product .
we bought several different types of swaddle blankets . this one was nice , as well as the halo blanket . helped our newborn sleep through the night .
i bought this for my friend for her baby shower and it was the most adorable thing ever . almost kept it for myself
eddie isn't as vibrantly colored as other lamaze toys , and his textures not quite as well-defined . my son never really took to him .
looks good . i don't open it , it looks very good and beautiful . hope my daughter like it and enjoy playing on it ..
hurray for reading while i pump 3x day , 5 days a week ! nice fit , comfy , love that it goes over the bra i'm already wearing .
my 6 month old loves this jumper . he can't quite touch the floor , so i put blankets under it . he has so much fun in it !
these stacking bath toys are a real hit with both my girls , they've made for some splashing good times in the tub !
these were a waste of money as they did not fit my bottles properly and the bottles did not seal and leaked . i threw them away .
we much preferred the snap-closures for the thirsties , they seem to fit our little better . these felt like an inferior seal around the waist .
this drying rack comes in handy when you are washing so many bottles . i don't think that the spin feature is necessary , but it works .
especially if you go through bibs these are great they are durable and great in the wash perfect to decorate on as well with fabric paints or markers
this is the best bottle brush i have found so i bought 2 . i have the wide neck dr . brown's bottles and it works perfectly
this works great ! it holds all my cloth diapers and doesn't let anything leak out !
this was a baby shower gift . the mom to be requested this item . i wish this was available when i had my little one ...
we take this chair everywhere . great alternative to a high chair and it only takes a few minutes to set up . great for parents on the go
i am using this as a wallet . no one will rob my wipes dispenser . i feel safer now . thank you
i think this product works well , i just wish it was less prone to tipping over when i push the activation button .
all three of my kids loved this ball as babies . my 3 and 4 year old still find it interesting . great for encouraging crawling !
these brushes are great for bottle nipple cleaning , and when your little one grows up it's super handy to clean straws with .
wish you could use it without music . my little girl loves it but sometimes the music seems too much for her ..
i used this throughout my 2nd and 3rd trimester and i loved it . rated 4 stars because i only wish it had a removable and washable cover .
i bough it basically because the baby seat against my leather seats would be making some noises which i hated , this one did the job ...
i bought this for my 5 month old daughter and she can play with it for an hour straight and not get bored ! she loves it .
great seat ! it fits well without slipping . our son seems comfortable in it . been using it for about 6 months now , with no complaints !
so this gate's latch is slightly annoying but it did the job and kept my child off the stairs . like this product and would purchase again .
great for little hands and little mouths to chew on . my son loves it and it is very easy to wipe clean .
very cute and well-made … great distraction for teaching kids to use the potty ! and the ipad is protected – best part !
comfy to wear and easy to use ! love that you can back carry with the mei tai ! it works out well for us !
my baby loves these ! they are nice and smooth and a perfect size . also they are very easy to clean .
this medela harmony manual breast pump works just great . my wife previously had the old version but this one is easier to use and to clean .
this is one of the few paci holders that holds the " soothie " pacifiers well . it works great for attaching them for my daughter .
keeps our little mans hands from getting sticky when eating ice pops ! now we have trouble keeping the ice pops in the freezer !
these pads are amazing for moms . they really absorb the milk so you don't have embarrased accidents . i recommended them
quality is not good , it had a little hole on it and i just unpacked in the the bathroom and use it right it way there .
it's a well made toy .. it stands the test of being thrown around etc .. just not really much to it though . but is cute
these sippy cups are great for weening your child off of bottles.as soon as i bought these , the bottles were gone.they don't spill and wash really well .
really a must have for baby . simple to use ... if you read the instructions of course . very accurate readings as well .
i keep this in my baby's crib and he loves it . it washes well also . would have loved for it to come in other colors though .
as other reviewers mentioned , the seam along the top digs into my shoulder . nothing i did helped with the issue and i had to return it .
it doesn't really fit over the liner in my pack and play . it covers it but doesn't tuck all the way around .
i'm so happy that i bought this ! it's easy to hang and stays in place . i was tired of having wet toys all over the place .
very cute set . our little guy loves to use them at age 14 months . elmo fans will love this set .
my foster son has terrible reflux , and these bottles have made a definite improvement for him . they are great !
i ended up using this to block our fireplace for child safety . it works great so far .
this fits like the weather shield but it does not provide as much shade as i had hoped . it is a good bug shield however
these washcloths are perfect for newborns - so soft and gentle for a newborn's precious skin . i highly recommend this product .
this is a must have ! ! ! i use it in the car & stroller for when our baby boy is a bit grumpy .. a life saver :)
pros : the incline featurethe insert is great for a newbornseems very comfortablecons : the motor is extremely annoying and loud
it's life in a picture displayed in a beautiful frame . very tasteful and a great memory to share with others .
we loved this at first , but after being in my car is some below freezing temps it stopped working ... both the music and the light .
so far it's the only aio we use . it is very absorbent and leak-free but super bulky . i think this will be a good overnighter .
my expectation was only the pages but they have like something inside that will make a funny noise and shouldn't because is for baby to sleep ? ? ? :(
this thing is awesome . great for the living room floor and easy to break down for storage ! 5 stars for sure .
cute little rattle . great quality . bright colors . great price . you can't go wrong here . baby seems to love it . thanks .
gives the boon grass drying rack a lot more space to hold nipples etc . clever idea . i have three and two drying racks .
we have two of these for two different pnp . the sheet fits good on both and is so soft . our daughter sleeps well on them .
my baby loves the ocean theme and so do i . works well and was everything i expected . a nice addition to any crib .
my son still loves this toy at 16 weeks . i think the multiple arms are a big pus to my sons enjoyment of this toy .
grandbaby is 5 months old and she can hold it and when she touchs it lights up and make sounds or music
this is great . it's so soft no matter how many times i wash it . i wish i would have bought two of these .
simple , effective plug covers in bulk . there's not much more to say about this , other than " why buy anything more complicated ? "
its a very comfy high chair , good design and easy to switch to different level of recline . very safe as well .
so easy and quick . throw whatever you want to clean in , pop it in the microwave and done ! highly recommend and would buy again
love this lock system , use it for my dining room chairs . tried the the chair straps that do not work very well . love love
my 5 month old son enjoys these squirters ... they are easy for him to hold and are bright in color which holds his attention ... overall great buy !
very confortable and usefull , just as described , my girlfriend loves it , sh is able to do all kind of stuff with her hands while feeding our baby
cute design . thick rubber seems like it will hold up and buffer bumps . nice product . fits spout very well and looks great in kids tub .
great product . very stackable . and each cup has holes in the bottom so you can use it in water during bath time .
these absorb well and clean very easily . every woman is different , but i found i had to use two overnight .
i am very happy with this . it was hard getting my baby in and out and messing with the clips , and these are perfect ! highly recommend !
comfy , not too warm for keeping kid comfy on summer nights , kept kiddo asleep and that kept me from losing my mind .
this is not a toy but i did give them out to people who attended my baby shower and got great replies that i will cherish
my son loved this one so much , i bought two ! super easy to grip , doesn't drip and easy to take apart and clean .
great monitors for a great price . they make the motorola equivalents seem like paperweights . you really can't beat these , seriously !
well made , cute , and organic ! washes well . my baby loves to chew on this bear and it is perfect size .
this is perfect to rinse baby & it's shape does allow you to rinse head while keeping water away from eyes . worth the purchase !
love it , installs super easy . didn't work rear facing for my daughter she has long legs , i wish it had a built in cup holder .
there isn't much to say ! it works as advertised and i really have no complaints to think of . does the job !
not as nice as the halo ones , but did the trick for a spare at grandma's house . cute print , thin fabric .
i love this changing pad cover ! it fits perfectly - is a lovely stylish pattern and wipes off easily.completely functional and very stylish - highly recommended !
our little one plays with these everyday . soft and pretty easy to clean . two of them have rattles in them which he loves .
i purchased this for our 6 month old grandchild . he loves it . it is well made and takes a beating and keeps on ticking .
i think for the value of these blankets you do get your money's worth ... but if you can get carter's receiving blankets instead ...
bought this as a gift for someone . received it the other day and it's really cute and seems like it would hold up for a while . :)
what's not to like ? it fits a standard mattress and it keeps the mattress dry ! i would buy more .
i love this monitor . even though it's not the greatest , it works great for being under $ 20 .
i wouldn't buy these again , the bristles are so gentle you end up spending twice the amount of time . get a different brand !
love these for my ergobaby carrier . he used to chew on the straps and i didn't quite like that . these are perfect and washable .
i have a medela pump instyle from 2007 . i needed the 12 volt charger so i had to return this . it arrived in good condition though .
i use every day . more so for the baby to sit than for nursing . the strap is also very useful , something that a boppy doesn't have .
this pillow does exactly what it claims . my baby appears to be comfortable when using it . i gave it four stars because it faded after one washing .
i like this ball . it is very bright and development toy . my baby boy likes it . this ball helps baby to understand his fingers .
i left the original ice pack in a hotel freezer . : ( the replacement seemed just like the original !
these are super handy and they save on plastic baggies . machine washable a definite plus . plus who doesn't like cute designs ?
seems to hold onto dirty washer water . never leaked though . i started using biodegradable trash bags that i then use for the house
best bibs ever worth every penny . i highly recommend these of any parent . they catch everything , they are easy to wash , easy-to-use well-thought-out
perfect . my baby loves to chew on them during bath time and i feel good knowing that they aren't full of chemicals .
love platex nursers ! best bottle ! these nipples were the next step for my son since he moved from slow to medium flow !
great bottle cooler . seems durable so far . perfect for toting bottles back and forth from daycare . i can fit 3-9 oz born free bottles just perfectly !
great tool for cleaning out sippy cups , . getting into straws and those awkward angels are no longer a problem with this set .
cute , functional , and soft . this keeps spills and spit up off the boppy and is really adorable , too . bright and fun !
this crib sheet is really cute ! it fits snugly on the crib mattress and looks great too . i highly recommend it .
fantastic product , works as specified . i keep a couple of these in the diaper bag for impromptu meals out with baby and they are invaluable .
fits great in freezer space . works wonderful for freezing baby food and breast milk storage bags . helps make tracking the dates the item was stored .
love the boppy . use it for breastfeeding and for baby to play on . he also loves to fall asleep on it .
i'm pretty sure this is an imitation of the original , but you get what you pay for . do not recommend this .
the baskets are good in size , but the linning is poorly made . it came with the loops falling apart and the ribbons are much darker than shown .
i am happy with the appearance and quality of the book . i would recommend this book to others . the information stored is very orginized well .
lived up to its description . have not had any situations yet to test quality but seems to be basic sheet .
i love these diaper covers . the velcrow is wider making it easier to cover cloth diaper . the waterproofing works great !
this kit has all the essentials . great for travel . roomy case to add first aid stuff . a must have .
these look great in the closet and do what they do: organize clothing by size . not essential , but i'm happy i bought them !
i was looking for a inexpensive bouncer for my granddaughter's visit . this was perfect and the colors were vivid and appealing to the eyes .
i love this seat protector . it has been tested for safety and will save my leather seats from getting permanent cracks .
great product that gives you piece of mind . maybe it's a little overkill but we like knowing our son is sitting in something clean and soft .
this works so much better than the battery pack ! it isn't as strong as a regular wall plug , but strong enough to get the job done .
these diapers feel thicker and of better quality than any other prefolds that i've seen at babies r us or buy buy baby .
these are the best . they do not leave marks on baby's face and the rubber is good when baby is teething
a must have for any mother to be . very comfy for your growing belly and comes with a machine washable cover ! ! !
my 6 month son seems to enjoy it . i think it's lovely and very soothing . my son loves the music and the moving mobile
i am hands free , but i still stay still when pumping , as even when wearing this , i've had some milk spill accidents if i'm not careful .
love that breast pump i had one for my son and now i am buying my second one.easy and comfortable
i used these with the evenflo glass bottles . they work great.evenflo classic 4 oz . glass nurser - 6 - pack
i liked this pillow it was exactly as pictured and stated . so soft ! i would recommend this to my friends .
i love this car seat , we have it in red color for our baby boy ... no complaints . our son loves it
this product is perfect for keeping items from hitting the ground . we use it for toys and pacifiers . it can hook to strollers and car seats .
great to keep pacifier from getting lost . stayed clipped to clothing well , not easy for infant to pull off . easy for adult to operate .
we loved the idea of this toy but it just kept falling off the wall of the bathroom with a big bang . had to send it back .
my almost 4 month old baby loved this . sometimes he can take the 3 size but this one is the most comfortable with .
very cheaply made , basically a suspender clip , a piece of fabric and the tie rope at the end . not a good deal for the price
i liked it very much . it is resistant and easy to pull in and out of the diaper bag and everything is still in order .
love these hooks . easy to install and it does not interfere in folding and unfolding the stroller , a must have
i got this for my son and it works just like it say it will . i had to get another one for the other toilet .
these are great nursing pads . i'm glad i stocked up . i really don't like having to run out last minute for these !
used similar stickers for my first daughters monthly pictures & scrapbook . these are very colorful and have cute patterns . bought these as a gift for a coworker !
my son loves to lines he colors up and tell me what each puzzle piece is . such a cute puzzle and easy to clean up .
we were blown away by this monitor . it has so many functios and the quality of the picture is amazing . well done !
my baby girl loves this bunny . it has all sorts of knots she can chew on and it's soft and cuddly .
i bought this for my new grand baby and he looks so cute in it , especially when he wears his shades , too !
i bought these for my special needs child who loves to chew on things . they have also made a difference for our teething 5 month old .
this changing pad cover is so soft and looks really nice . it also washes and dries without shrinking .
love these nice size and can just put them on my diaper bag and put any wet or messy cloths .
this fits out graco pack n play folding mattress very well and is snug so no worry of it coming loose ! highly recommended for the price !
they are so easy to use .. if you are thinking about cloth diapering , it is easier than you think . i love bumgenius .
also great for a toddler chew toy and floats in the bath tub . also hurt less when you step on them in the dark . a winner .
very good quality cotton sheet . nice and soft . still fits well after multiple wash / dry .
very cute , i like it and my 20 month old likes it too . it works well on our spout , which is a very ordinary standard spout .
we were given this co-sleeper by a friend and absolutely love it . the baby is close by and it makes night time feedings go much smoother .
perfect organizer for inside of a closet . convenient draws for small items . i recommend this product . i really love this product .
i use these for our diaper pail , but paid a lot more for them at babies r us until i found them on amazon .
i had to return this as it didn't fit my graco mosaic stroller , which is a larger umbrella stroller , so i went with a different stroller bag .
stylish and nice and it's really handy to be able to grab the pacifier easily without having to go through the whole diaper bag .
works perfectly with the agile . no issues . no complaints other than its a bit pricey as all these britax extras .
i don't have a jeep stroller so it doesn't fit exactly right but fits my jogging stroller for the most part and keeps the little ones warm and dry
every baby i have ever seen with one of these - just loves it ! it is amazing how fun these are . great for baby showers !
3rd set of monsters in 10 months . look like theses are the best . quiet , can take with me anywhere . love them !
my baby was very comfortable to sleep on this mattress at grandma's . now he outgrew and moved to a regular crib . highly recommended !
our daughter loves the carrier . it is very practical and comfortable for both parents and child . used in multiple settings .
just like the ones in the hospital except with a cutout for the nose . exactly what our son was looking for :-)
i already bought the penguin for my nephew . i bought this one for a friend . perfect for school and really adorable
these will be okay if i get a pack and play mattress but they are too big and loose to fit the play yard mat .
love this thing ! very easy to put together , very very handy on my counter ! wish i had bought it sooner .
these liners repelled pee and caused diaper leaks.we went back to the bumpkin liners and haven't had any leaks since .
these little rattles are cute , but my baby boy didn't play with them very long , and they became too small for him rather quick ..
i just didn't find this bag had alot of room and i also didn't like the design once i recieved it .
worked awesome with the winnie the pooh cradle cap soap ! just 3 days and my 4 mo old cradle cap is 100 gone !
this is a great product . my infant loves it . doesn't get monotonous . sometimes after 45 min of continuous use the toy stops .
it looks good but tt does not really fit my stroller so that it doesn't stand still . i had to return it .
not flimsy ! sturdy , interesting and small for little kids ! great gift idea and i will buy more to make it a set
nice looking bag , worked great for our needs . didn't have any issues with size and sturdiness .
i love how small and flexible these spoons are . they have nice long handles . they are perfect for beginning the baby food stages .
this is a great teether . it is very sturdy so won't have to worry of little breaking it so easily .
good for the working moms who use bottles to feed the baby.must have for them . works great . cleans great .
hole clogs and hard to squeeze out the last bit of food leftonly for smooth pureesonly useful till 7months
just what i needed to replace the " personal " parts on a used breast pump . everything came sealed , and was way cheaper than other sites .
loved it , it looked just like it did on the picture . when i put it up it was easy to install , and it looks great
our 6 month old loves these these teethers more than any others we have tried ! they are so soft and flexible . she goes crazy for them !
i love all mustela products . this message oil is not greasy a all and absorbs into baby skin very quickly .
i didn't like these . i can't be certain but i'm pretty sure my output dropped as soon as i switched to these .
i just love this ! no leaks at all . my daughter takes this to school every day . my only challenge is cleaning the inside of the straw .
just bought this for my four month baby . it's very cute and quality is well . easy to clean and clipped well .
we ordered this one by mistake looking for the breathable bumpers . these are padded bumpers and i wouldn't recommend them since they're not breathable .
seems pretty strudy and was comfortable for a toddler ... only negative is that the drawstring broke on the bag to hold
must have if u have to do a lot of traveling or visits to the doctors . always better to put it higher to make sure it gets warm enough
i bought this car seat after very long research , it is very high quality and the price is the best .
this chair is great and comfortable for baby . i used it at my friend's house and liked it so much that got one . would definitely recommend !
i often fill this with apple sauce or a mix of pureed veggies and fruit . my one year old loves it .
i have no room to put my babys bottles , this was a godsend , easy to use and easy to store .
the sheet is really soft and fit perfectly , cannot beat that quality on the reasonable price . will going to buy more for family and friends .
simple bliss 4-1 stroller system by wilshire is simple yet elegant and very durable stroller . easy to maneuver and light weight as well . recommended .
i would not recommend these mittens . they have zero elastic in the wrist part which means they are coming off of your baby's hands within seconds .
we use these all over our house ! easy to install and easy to uninstall and toddler can't open the doors with them on ... exactly what we wanted .
they are convenient for the diaper bag . easy to wash and very water proof . nice value for the money i spent .
finally ! gloves that actually stay in her little hands . she hates them but it keeps her from scratching up her face
very soft and easy to wash . works with my changing pad . the color was quite accurate to what was listed on the website
love this clip , it's cute and handy ! don't lose my son's paci at all . great over all have no problems with it .
useful for getting things done around the house in the first couple of months.wouldn ' t be comfortable for long walks or with a heavy baby .
my 6 month old loves to shake and rattle this toy and for the price i can't complain . it works great in the bathtub too !
given as a baby shower gift , other mothers had only positive things to say about this product.hoping these will keep baby snug and happy .
the package of tubing combined with the medela breast pump accessory set was all i needed to fit and work the pump i borrowed .
it is very hard to open the container part after i puree the food . i wish i had purchased the magic bullet .
so easy to use , easy to get out , great proportion size , used the whole time i made food for my daughter !
my infant daughter loves this book . the story is adorable and fun for little ones learning about animals . glad i bought this one .
love love philips avent have beem buying these for my son since he was born now i amgoin to try these . love them because they do not leak .
these seem to be made for an actual mattress instead of the thin lining of the pack n play . it works for the purpose though , i guess .
my daughter loves it so much since she was 4 months old and she still loves it , she is now 10 months old .
good , not great ; it's too sensitive and the music starts way to easy ; it's ok but not as fun as i expected .
he threw it and the thing comes off the side and it was pretty useless sorry it is lame lame
great quality ! not flimsy or cheap . i was very pleased with the product , it seems very durable . slightly wieghted , so it sits up nicely .
the bottle leaked and you werent able to warm the bottle without the water from the warmer seeping into the bottom of the bottle into the breastmilk
these are wonderful . they are the pefrect size for cribs and pack n plays and are super soft . my 17 month old carries hers everywhere .
this wrap kept my kiddo nice and snuggled up so he could sleep through the night . love the color and softness , great price . velcro works well .
we tied it to the headrest , my son seems to love looking at it when he is in his car seat . it is the perfect size .
i think it is good thing but i do not need it . i like quality of material and style of this shades .
these sippigrips are a must have . they have saved my daughter's cup from many nasty floors . :) would definitely recommend !
excellent leash-it saves me from running after my son trying to catch him . easy to put on and remove . inexpensive . does the job
love the sheet . i bought 2 sheets and swap them out to wash them . wish the sides were longer for thicker matresses .
great product . i use to freeze and store my homemade baby food and works great . quick and easy to clean .
these are great . my child seems frustrated when her toys don't fly across the room , but that's point . i like the colors too .
so soft , holds up in the wash . my baby loves it and so do i .
nice and smoothnice and smooth , looks better than in the picture , is sheap but will not looks like that at home or outside .
this product was great , but hard to assemble the changing table / newborn napper . overall i was very pleased though with this product .
perfect size and softness for a newborn heiney . we wanted something soft for his bottom but still thick enough to catch the poops . this was it !
it's bulky and doesn't hold as much as i expected , but it does let you take a compacted diaper changing station with you
they felt like plastic and had a slight plastic smell . we returned them immediately . we were not going to pay twenty dollars for some plastic beads .
gift also . but not much you can say about a wash cloth , they look fine thru the package . wash cloths are well wash cloths
great crib mattress for a great low . i've had mine almost a year and its still in great condition . very comfortable .
cute and love the colors . i write my daughters firsts on it . matches her colors in her nursery very nicely .
it holds a lot of clothes , even books when used for school , it seems sturdy , so far no problems .
this was a very cute print and it fit perfectly to my mini crib ! i will buy some more again ! super soft too .
it's nice you get the cases but really , we only needed a few cases - it comes with too many and they only hold like 20 wipes .
this spout whale cover does keep the little ones head from hitting the tub facet however you do have to remove it every time someone wants to shower ..
this blanket is cute and warm enough for winter . maybe the fleece is not the best quality but overall is a great product .
the cheap plastic buckle on the strap snapped on the second use . i still use it carefully . it does fit my graco snugride .
fit my medela pump wonderfully ! great product to assist in your pumping journey . will be ordering more to keep at work with my pump .
got this for my grandson and his parents and baby love it . so easy to use and so soft . perfect for a new born baby .
this changing pad cover is so soft and high quality , unlike the other american baby products i've tried . it also washes very well .
these are awesome ! my six month old love it ! very easy to use and clean and no problems with the latch . best purchase ever !
it fits most covers sold . my sister in law likes it for her baby and the fact that it's water proof is great for messes .
it is a good choice if it is your first baby and you do not have idea what to buy .
after a year of use this brush is still going strong ! a good value for money in my honest opinion .
it works fine and seems very secure but it is so big . probably need to have a suv but works fine .
i use this to strap my daughter to me on the plane as a lap child . you can use it for take off or landing .
i bought the mattress that fits with this and both products work very well together . my baby loves this cover !
we've been using these for several months now . the cost can't be beat . we might get a few more soon .
my baby falls asleep quickly and he is very comfortable in it . the only thing i don't like is that it is not very sturdy .
nice quality ! ! i so recommend this valance . looks so pretty at my kids play room . colors very bright ! ! ! and came very quickly .
my grandson loves it cold or not . very easy for him to hold and he enjoys it , he will chose it over other teethers
it's so easy to pull wipes out with one hand . they never dry out , never get stuck together ... love this dispenser !
a little pricier that i would like but this items quality is worth it bc of the alcohol free . i use it as a facial toner .
east to stick on the walls and leave paint unscathed ! these are of great quality and are just super cute !
product is good , the only problem i have with is the way it attached on the sides of the handle , it is a bit awkward
this is not a soft fabric . cute print but i was expecting a softer fabric to nurse my baby on .
my son love rusty ! he chews all over him , and rusty has held up great ! so many fun things to play with on him !
fabric is soft and tightly woven . it fits my pack n play very well . i plan to order a 2nd one . ,
great product and received it so quickly . the product is perfect for my 8 month old baby .
very soft and absorptive . they are great with flip covers . these hold pee very well ... even better than the flip inserts !
it's very cute . my son loves it.but , the blanket is very thin . and , it doesn't look very durable .
my son loves it and uses it every morning . easy to clean and even handles for him to hold on to sit and get up
just received this . glad i ordered it - the quality is great and its cute too . just your basic teething toy for a reasonable price . :)
works ... although i feel it was too expensive after buying a $ 500 stroller . i feel it should have come with the stroller .
we received the connectors in brand new packaging in a timely fashion . by the way it comes in a 2 pk so no need to buy 2 .
bright and colorful . easy to pack away . my son had hours of entertainment on it when he was an infant .
i love this cushion ! ! ! it is soft , blends in nicely with the car seat , and it makes carrying the car seat a breeze .
sorry , but these are very flimsy , and my daughter goes through them in minutes . i would not purchase again , not worth the mula .
i didn't realize when i bought that this isn't a medela product . but nonetheless , it works just the same and is compatible with my medela pisa !
great quality fabric , i only used this with covers so i don't know if its as water resistant as claimed but the contour is great !
fits my citymini stroller but tips over easily . otherwise i really like this product . the cup is a tight fit .
my 5 month old enjoys these . they provide a great distraction for her but not for long . not a bad buy for the price .
good looking crib . good quality . no issues fitting mattress in it . i like the style and the cherry color . good buy .
super cute , easy to clean , portable and light , the handles are very useful , making my daughter feel safe to hold on yo
i love the way these look . so far i have used them on an infant car seat and a stroller . they are comfortable and cute !
i tend to leak all over the place when i'm breast feeding or pumping so these are awesome for catching and saving breast milk .
now i can see my baby without turning my head ... the only thing i wish that this mirror was a lil longer and covers the blindspots too ..
time saver / great for a person that needs reassurance that the baby's bottles are clean and sanitized / it should come in black to match my kitchen .
this is great to stick in your purse to contain soiled cloth diapers . so far no leaks , and it is pretty good at containing the smells .
nice and soft , like all the other disney bed sets . the blanket seems of a good weight too .
they are not water proof but they do absorbs.it is very useful while changing the diapers , dries easily too.good for the price.cute desing and gender specific too .
used for 9 months now and it still does great . requires new shields after about 6 months to keep up suction .
i love the print an quality of the bag . the fabric is a little light for toddlers because it gets dirty but washes up nicely .
only used once , it took way to long to heat the bottle . seems like it would be useful if it worked better .
good quality memory foam . not too small , not too big . he actually likes sleeping on it and sleeps better , thankfully ! !
this is comfy and helps but it does tend to move and requires readjustment every few uses . still better than the seat digging into your arm though .
i prefer backpack diaper bag baby ! it is more pratical and keeps hand free to hold your baby safety . very good
best wet bag out there . the door hanger is great and the shape is perfect for one handed use . and the patterns are unbeatable !
havent used this yet for our baby but it is very good quality and is super soft . i would reccomend !
baby crawls and crawls in them . also wash them with diapers , velcro , all kinds of possible disasters and they have held up magnificiently . highly recommend .
this is one of my son's favorites . he's been playing with it since 6 months of age and is still enjoying it at 12 months . highly recommend !
it is pretty to look at and kept my baby entertained for a brief period of time almost every day up until age 1 1/2 .
boon stem grass and lawn drying rack accessory , blue / orange - this cute little flower works great for drying bottle nipples !
my baby loves sleeping on this cute pillow , and i love how the dogs face is sleeping too ! super cute pillow
love the spoons ! could only give 4 stars because of the color . they are more of a gray or slate color than an aqua .
my son loves getting his teeth brushed with this . as soon as he sees us reach for it he is already opening his month up .
these bibs have held up to some pretty messy meals and come clean with no stains . that's a winner in my book .
it is a nice sized bowl for older toddlers / pre-schoolers ; the no-slip feature is noce so that it doesn't slide across the table as it is used .
we have hard wood floors everywhere and they are just that hard , so we wanted to make a large play area for our son and this was perfect
it's a great little masher , but for some foods it gets stuck in the grooves . otherwise , very happy with it .
works great ! no smells and holds lot of diapers . uses standard kitchen bags ! what a great product !
cute warm hat , very small.was snug on my small 3 - month old . i ended u using the iplay hat , which also covers his ears .
monitor works very well , especially at long distances . we are able to go outside and enjoy the weather and make sure baby is ok !
my baby didn't end up using his bassinet , but the sheet was a perfect fit for the oval mattress . it was very soft .
no issues yet . works as advertised . a larger size would be my only recommendation especially for ppl with multiples.so far no smell
goes perfectly with my nursery for my twins . it is so soft and washes easily . even after many washes it still looks brand new .
this is awesome for food and snacks . it's washable and fits all i need for an outing . i spilled juice in it and it washed out great .
she loves it . the suction cup sticks well and she can pull and tug it and it stays put . great buy
i guess it's not a standard size , because the handle on the over door prevents this from being installed . word
you can't beat the price ! i bought this same one for my son and it has lasted . great product for the price
i secured two open style bookshelves to our wall with these - they work great ! i would recommend them for sure
i received this as a gift because the one i had before broke and they are great . good control , clear sound and great peace of mind .
i just wish they had another layer of terry cloth on the back to wipe my son's face when he's done eating .
i have taken my son swimming many times with these and they are great ! so much cuter and more economical than disposable swim diapers too !
i wanted a thick mattress for my baby's pack ' n play and this is perfect , and perfect fit on our graco pack ' n play .
this chair is absolutely perfect for my 6 month old son when we go out to eat at restaurants . he loves it and it's so convenient .
i use this product along with the bambino mio laundry bags for my bin for dirty cloth diapers . perfect for keeping the germs away between washes .
i like them a little on the thin side but overall they are worth the price . i will order again
lo seems to really enjoy them and loves the different textures and noises they make . easy to pack around so she has something fun to keep her busy .
a lot adhesive residue on the item . seems to be a refurbished unit . unit works fine . will not consider to purchase this brand again .
this is a great stroller . it reclines so that my son can rest comfortably and the canopy provides decent shade .
absolutely gorgeous . i got this for my sons room and it looks great . good quality . it served its purpose really well .
it is so comfortable , very safe , super sturdy , and easy to clean i've ever seen . highly recommend this car seat .
we bought a second one for our second daughter . light , easy to clean , durable . makes the chore of changing sheets easier .
good size and good price we used them for the water table . yes , i would recommand them to a friend .
didn't last too long with my son before getting a hole in it . hard to clean but you have to or the water inside will stink
not what we were looking for at all . the product is sturdy but did not keep my infants head in place .
baby loves the pacifier and does not reject it at all . seems to fit beautiful face perfectly great company and good choice in pacifiers
it was a nice present for my friend , but i can't say the result yet - she hasn't delivered the baby yet :)
my 4 month old likes it fine . not a lot of interest . don't smell vanilla , but definitely smell rubber ( nothing toxic ) .
good quality , fit perfectly and are well made . could be a little softer , but they are not rough . just not perfectly soft .
wish it were an inch or two taller , my daughter still cant reach the sink , but she can see herself in the mirror .
it fits . cheaper than store's . get it . save money ! i think u even get a pair more than the brand's package at the store .
baby didnt like it . its way too hard for her and she still likes the one for under 3 months .
i love these wash clothes , they have piping around the edge so they do not fray like the cheapies do .
love this and should have gotten them sooner . did not know why every mother was using these , but i sure do know now !
i'm not sure what to say about a bottle nipple . no complaints here . he gets his milk = happy baby !
my little one was unsure how this worked but now she calls it her grown up girl cup ! we love it !
my baby didn't seem to like biting on this toy ( there's no give , just hard wood ) and quickly lost interest .
provides just enough light to change diapers for little ones and to see that there are no monsters for older kids
i use this in my son's car seat and it's great . his head doesn't wobble around and he's comfortable with it . definitely recommend this =)
does a great job protecting my leather seats from the carseat and from spills . it is well made and easy to clean
yeah not a great buy - was very hard to actually set up on the plane but once up offered some comfort .
a must have ! every mother needs this in the first 2 months of breastfeeding . it works very well and it is comfortable and easy to wear .
i like this handy tray for the stroller but it sticks really far out . my two year old struggles to reach it .
i like this turtle . nice chew toy with beads . fun for baby and easy to hold . this goes in the car with us .
great quality , washes well and looks nice . very soft to the touch . overall , good buy for the great price . love it
i used one of these to increase the superyard to 19sqft . easy to install and well crafted .
i bought this on an impulse and my ds loves it ! he is always spinning it and trying to put it in his mouth :)
this is a perfect transition from bottle to sippy cup . my son took to this really quick and made the switch from bottle to cup easy ! !
i like the pockets on the sides of this , making the whole thing more functional . perfect along with the double rod extender for our nursery closet .
the bowl and masher have been indispensable to me ; however , the book isn't all that great and the lids on the containers do not shut well .
fitted co-sleeper sheet , exactly like the one that came with the original bed . no shrinking in wash . shipped fast . will again in other colors .
i was a bit skeptical about this product but turns out i love it ! it's practical and saves a lot of space . i highly recommend it .
these are a little more then most pacifier clips , but i think they are the best . have a good clip and strong strap .
this is my 5 - month old daughter's favorite thing to chew on . she's not yet getting teeth but loves to chew on this teether .
i used this for my coffee bar in the kitchen and it worked out perfect and holds a lot of " junk " in the drawers .
this is the best stroller , i have had it for almost a year now and it is light weight , easy to fold and my son loves it !
this monkey is very bright and colorful , it is being given as part of a shower gift for my daughter and i am sure she will love it
great for packing in the diaper bag in case you want to eat at a restaurant and save the clothes .
it serves it function and is soft . a good liner for bassinet and later on can serve as a diaper changing station cover
i used this as wash clothes for my newborn son , they are a bit small , however really soft and feel great on the skin !
these are sturdy baskets for the changing table . for the price , they really can't be beat . love that you can change the colors too !
this is such a cute , interactive toy . i love baby einstein products and amazon sells them cheaper . i got this and others
these are my fave bibs that i use for my son ! i wish they weren't so pricey though ... i still buy them anyway lol .
i was disappointed in this . it claims to accommodate 2 pacifiers but i could barely get one in . i am using the soothie pacifiers .
this seat did not fit our baby well , and the assembly leaves much to be desired . get a normal bumbo or a different concept all together .
bought these for my wife . it is what it is . haven't really reviewed them in detail yet , but they are what is advertised .
easy to install , does a great job holding the tv in place . a must have when childproofing your home !
doesn't really cool your baby but it's a nice safe breeze on a very hot summer day to blow on your baby's skin .
my daughter loves these . they've stood up to an 18month getting a hold of them a few times as well .
this bag looks better in person . i love that it has an easy velcro closure and it holds up great .
really love them , they are very nice , i love them , they are big so they are better than any other snap bib . thanks
this is a wonderful musical take along and very affordable . our son loves it , even just at home ! he also loves the bright colors :)
i have them in multiple colors . very soft and pretty . much better than the terry clothes ones that are scratchy .
these actually stay on my 6 month old ! she loves them and keeps them on . they fit great ! and she looks soooo cute in them !
perfect for catching breastmilk dribbles or any milk for that matter ! totally worth it ! i wish it came in a bulk package .
my kids like them . the light feature on the caterpillar head worked for 10 minutes never to work again . overall , they are just hard plastic balls .
fits our minnie mouse graco snugride 30 perfectly . we had no problems with instillation . we have one in both mine and my husbands car .
keeps the smell in , holds a ton of diapers and you can use regular trash bags with it . no expensive additional refill bags .
this is by far the best cover we use , fits great and never any leaks ! great purchase and i will be getting more soon !
my daughter is 6 months old and loves this toy ! ! it has lots of activities to do and she thinks it's great !
did not take out of the box but have bought one before and are very useful . i will find out after the shower , how much it is liked
daughter likes these cups . sometimes lid can be challenging to get on . handles very close to cup , but works for us .
my daughter loves playing with this toy ! it is a great birthday gift for little ones .
it is really small and no child would be able to toss a ring on it . for bathtub only not for a pool
mimics babies own fingers . she could hold onto this and control it at 5 months . not for super-early teethers . but what is ?
pretty good for price but have to be careful and not touch the top while active , can get burned . satisfied .
they didn't have is size at babies r us so i had to order it , they're great . they fit well and they're comfortable
works well absorbs well for the price you cant beat anywhere i highly recommend this product if your nursing your baby
this is just adorable and so soft and cute ! it will make for many snuggly naps for my son . i like the pillow attached to it .
this is such a simple toy but my daughter loves it ! pretty cheaply made , but it is a great toy for the little one !
works great ! worth the money ! helped me produce more milk than before , and was in half the amount of time .
it was good for my reflux baby which is why i bought the convertible seat . the insert was important until he hit roughly 13 lbs .
it's plush , easy to clean and fits well . as for the color , i'd consider it more of a mint than a sage ...
i use this caps to avoid leaking when i am shaking and preparing the formula in the bottles and keep in the fridge .
its the only high chair we own . its light weight , durable , portable . it cleans up easily . it reclines . we love it !
its not as interesting as the older fisher price one my sister lent me . it's cute , but looks a bit cheap
works great with water bottles ... my grandson is always wanting everyone's water bottle so when i saw this on amazon , i knew i had to get it .
this is a nice sized wall letter . good quality and color is as expected . very nice overall , is heavier than i expected too .
these work really well . much better than regular wipes . they're a good size too so you really only need 1 at a time .
it's clear diamonds are a girls best friend ! baby girl enjoys holding and putting the rattle in her mouth to test the quality and clarity of the diamond .
this is a nice stroller . it rolls very easy , has nice compartments . seems to be very well made . love it .
very cute and colorful toy but very boring . my baby was never interested in playing with this toy . i wish i got her something else .
i ordered not even knowing i need it or not , but my friend said i did the right thing , cause it is really comfortable pillow .
this sheet fits the rectangular pac and plays . butter soft fabric , and after washing and drying it still fits great ! !
this bottle is really cute , but my mainly breastfed baby doesn't like the nipple . i'll keep offering it to see if that changes .
wish they provided glass bottle options . the nipple is awesome and he latches to it better then other nipples . more glass please !
my 7 months old doesn't seem to care much for this teether ... i think it's kind of small for him ... he prefers sophie the giraffe .
love this cover ! these are our favorites and froggy pond is the cutest print ever . cute on our daughter and we can use on a boy too
i've only used it twice , but i think it worked pretty well . i wish that the pieces were re-usable though for the price .
we have a grandson who loves john deere everything . he even has their pajamas . this set is well made and stands up well in the dish washer .
work great and a must have if you are using cloth wipes in the wipes warmer . love the warmer too .
these bottles are the perfect size ( can collect up to 7 oz of milk ) and clean easily by hand or in the dishwasher . .
this fits perfectly on the standard medela pumps . great price , and nice to have extra tubing as a back-up or replacement .
my baby loves it ! and unlike some other piano it is soft ! but i do not know how to clean it ~ wipe or wash ?
i like this stroller because it is very light . if you need a stroller umbrella type but stronger this is the solution .
perfect fit for our standard size crib mattress . love the color and print . my newborn loves to stare at it .
i know they are for infants but they are very small and like to roll up so the surface area doesn't quite do the job expected .
i really like this cover , i bought it on a bit of an impulse to match a playroom and it is my favorite one !
i find this towel to be a little rough but it does do a good job at absorbing the water and getting my baby dry quickly after her bath .
they don't stick to any surface i've tried and only comes with one lid for the smallest bowl . i don't recommend these .
these have worked so well for my son . he no longer chews the rails ! they fit perfect and look great !
this basket toy holder holds a lot , a lot of toys ! it's great to have in the tub to help scoop up all the toys after bath time
highly recommend over the standard outlet covers ( the ones you press into each outlet ) . easy to install and they look good too !
the product is great . comfy for my little one , easy to use , and dries fast . i'd definitely recommend it to anyone .
very good bottle warmer . i also use the dr . brown bottles . 5 minutes usually gets the formula from the fridge at just the right temperature .
we used these to baby proof a filing cabinet drawer that didn't lock and to secure a drawer in our desk and they work great !
i love this product especially when the baby is small and l have to do a small amount of food for him
this is a great backpack for my little one but the leash should have been attached a little further north so as to pull more evenly .
great price for a cute product . soft and durable , not as easy to clean off acidents as i would like .
my daughter loves these ! ! she is 5 months old and teething like crazy we went through a few teethers before finding these holy grails ! !
this amuses my seven month old for a short period of time . she is really just interested in sticking them in her mouth .
this is a perfect product for a newborn ... mommy used it alot and loved it ... but ... youre better off just getting a stroller or baby carrage
the elastic to attach to the cart seat is not very strong . it then fell apart after the first time i washed it .
comfortable for the little one ; easy to clean ; variety of ways to mount on dresser or changing table . highly recommended .
my daughters favorite towel ... its nice and thick and does the trick .. it wraps all the way around her perfectly
great slow flow nipples . i introduced the bottle to my baby when she was 4 weeks old . no issues switching between .
this almost looks hypnotic - but the grand babies love it ! it makes just the right amount of noise for them , not too much for grandma !
a little pricey i thought for a plastic organizer but it is just what we needed . i really like it and it holds all our bath toys .
cons : too small for swaddling.too small and thin for wrapping up baby and feeling cozy.pros : cute patterns.comes out of the dryer feeling soft .
this insert is soft , cozy , and helpful . it is a must with the ergobaby carrier unless you like a floppy head .
love them great to take along and store . i use them all the time and don't have a bad thing to say
good product it dos what is supost to do . will recommend for any one and better if you use philips bottels .
as others have said its a plaything too ! soft and comfy and both my 1 and 3 yos love it
they pull apart easily . they are fine for the price , but if your baby pulls hard at all , they come apart from each other .
these bibs are wonderful for babies transitioning to solid foods , since there is no mess . they are very large and cover my baby's clothes .
my daughter-in-law liked this a lot . she finds it takes out the everyday noises in life and creates a soothing background noise for the baby to sleep to .
got these for my grandson , he's 9 months old . they keep him busy and it's nice to have something easy to dry out .
this rolls up into a small size that can fit in my diaper bag pocket and be ready for check-in . it's been helpful on our three recent trips .
i've lost several bottles of milk thanks to leaking through the nipples . these are a must when traveling with pumped milk ! no leaks so far .
i'm very happy with this bib . it snaps easily , catches food particles and our daughter doesn't try to pull it off . enjoy !
made the babies room smell fresh for a few weeks and works great in the diaper bag and drawers to freshen clothes etc ...
wonderful swing , plugs in so don't have to worry about it eating through batteries . very soft perfect for little one .
these are ok . not too bad but they do leak . we still use them but heavily supervise our 2 year old when she has it .
these bags are so nice to have . they offer quick sanitizing for baby items or other things that you need to sanitize ,
my 8 mnths son loves this toy . the tunes are nice and they dont give me a headache .. lol i will definitely recommend this purchase .
this works great . there are labels on the device telling you which way to face it.no problems and it works great with my chico keyfit 30 .
looks cute . made well . fun for bath time . fits the faucet . seems like it will last a while for my daughter .
i pump mild at work . it's very nice to have these back ups in handy . they are quality made . .
i love the ease at which i can pop the carseat into a non-compatible stroller . this works great ! i would definitely recommend this combo to others .
this product works great and now i am confident that my baby's water is not too cold and not too hot !
these pink and purple toys are great for any little princess , soft to teeth on and fun rattle for distraction .
durable and baby enjoys chewing on it as well as looking at it . cleans easily and would recommend for any infant .
i use this on all cabinets they work great i can quickly open them with one hand , and very neat design ..
these work great in controlling odor . its so easy to order these things online being a busy mom ! ! ! its the small things
light weight and non slippery . it doesn't fit in my kitchen sink . the legs should have been little more closer
all my grandbabies have used this stuff and their moms love it ! ! cleared up all the baby acne quickly ! ! it lasts a long time !
what a disappointment . woobely and shabby design . cheaply made . really wonder how many nasty chemicals are in this as weyll .
really great gender neutral gift ; love how it has extra support for the infants ! pretty simple to put together and will wash well !
i bought these for a baby shower gift . the mom to be loved them . very soft blankets and cute prints
it's good for what needs to do , but you will need 2 of them to support all things needed for a baby , from 0-8 months .
fit standard size perfectly . no pills after washing . good quality . great price . i bought two of the white ones and they have been great .
eye catching toy and my 3.5 month likes it so far , however think its not worth the money . might make a nice gift .
i bought this to prevent my 22 month old son from opening the refrigerator door . i was surprised how well it works on the refrigerator !
if you have the dr brown's products this is a must have . love that i can fit everything i need to on it
reminds me of a dog toy . some people hate it , some people think it's funny . the kid is occasionally interested in it .
the chain is weak and cheap and so are the clips . i wouldn't recommend this brand , personally . just feels cheap .
my grandson is afraid of the dark and this great little invention solved that problem and saved on electricity in the meantime .
... it's a great crib , fits perfectly in our baby room and has very good prospects for future use . durable too
this hooded towels were for a baby shower gift . this pack is beautiful , the mother was enchanted and i'll buy more for gifts .
ok , but its a personal preference . they worked as described but i don't like them as much as the johnsons brand
my babies think this toy is fun but it does not stay stuck down to the highchair tray very well .
it wouldn't work on our stroller and i had to send it back . bummed , because i really wanted something like this for our bob stroller ...
these work just like described but i needed a larger amounts of baby food per feeding . so i just use smaller tupperware .
my kids like playing with them in a tub . though it's hard to get the water in , my toddler likes to squirt .
i actually bought these for baby diaper changes , but i use them instead for soapless make-up removal . i love them !
we like this bundleme well enough . it isn't " sealed " or heavy but it does provide an extra layer of protection between little ones and the elements .
it's comfortable and feels good . toddler's aren't picky about such things but this certainly does the job . i'll buy another when my littlest one is old enough .
i love these containers . they have a good seal and they keep the baby purees i make very fresh .
i really love this . it is high quality and somewhat heavy . it dispenses the wipes easily and holds a whole lot of them . would definitely recommend .
it is nice but can only fit a 3 inch mattress at most.it is made of cotton but not that thick .
these breast milk storage bags work very well i have never had a problem with the tearing or spoiling . would buy again .
got some sheets for the mini-crib and they are great . look good , soft and warm . can't ask for anything else .
great bag except the strap broke and now it cannot attach to the stroller , which is what set it apart from other bags for me .
who knew the shape of the pacifier really matters . especially for infants , the shape allows them to suck without their nose being smashed
these gave me a lot of relief from soreness . until they gave me a miserable case of mastitis . not recommended .
i really like having a rinser to rinse my toddler's hair . it holds a large amount of water and it has a cute design .
easy to use and fold up ! holds baby in a good upright position for bathing . i leave mine in the tub !
when my son started ripping off the bumpkins bibs , this was the way to go . easy to use , secure , easy to wash .
i love this blanket so much . the colors are very pretty and i love the different textures . this is my daughters favorite
this is perfect for storing my son's stuffed animals ! it's easy for him to clean them up & keeps me from tripping over them !
very easy to use and to wash . i used this one a lot for the first couple of months . i recommend it
did not regretted purchasing this item . it is very sturdy and safe and worth every penny . i feel very secure when my baby is in it .
i put my infant baby in this swing and i promise that within a matter of minutes she's is down for the count . love this swing !
this is about the only rubber pad out there that you can buy . super nice and much more effective than any other mattress cover .
easy to use on boppy and machine washable . i do not have a bare naked but this pattern hides the pillow well .
it's soft and fits the changing pad . so there ya go . not much else to say about it , i guess .
my baby loves nomming on these , and i don't have to worry about her dropping them ! and dishwasher safe ! woot !
my daughter loves this bumpy teether . she turns it all around and chews on all sides . i was surprised at how well it worked .
it's nice to have spares on hand , because these parts don't work if they get the tiniest tear in them .
i have a ergo , a boba and a unknown face outward carrier . i tried to use it but it is hard to fit anyone of them .
does not fit the front of our crib and shrinks when washed . we need to add strings to make it fit .
but i decided to give my son the straw cup instead ( as ped suggested ) although he really loved this bottle .
my stroller does not have a parent tray so i was looking for something that would substitute . holds my drinks , snacks , and whatnot perfectly .
i've been upgrading the size till got this one . the 30 mm fits but the 36 mm is more comfy
we don't have any metal on the car seat . the car gets soo hot that without metal i don't think it's that helpful .
i used these bibs at a baby shower and let the guests decorate them . they were perfect for use with puffy paints and fabric markers .
my daughter loves these cups ! she plays with them at bath time , in her playpen , when eating , and in the car .
when these came we washed them and they came out so soft , great for wrapping baby snugly for comfort ! so sweet !
great sheet for the crib ! washed it and it still fits perfectly . like the color and stripe design . exactly as described .
this is an excellent high chair - easy to use , easy to clean , great support , attractive ! i have no complaints !
it stays on really well in my tub and holds all his toys . nice way to keep things organized and clean
the towel is nice and soft . we also have a carter's towel which is much softer , but this one is not nearly as bulky . washes very well
i don't go any where without it . every time i pull it out i get asked where i bought it .
my daugther is always warm and cozy with this sleeping bag . it is safe and easy to put on and off . we love it .
when it's first put on the 3 " foam mattress it's tight but once it's on and gets worked in it's great !
we used a lot them . some of them leak when they are too full . anyway i'd buy this product again
i use these for more than just the bottles . great little cleaning brushes for multiple uses .
i have to say this item is very soft and fits perfectly if you have a mini crib . great price
this is great foe people short on space . it will sag after a while so be aware of that . the stabilising part inside is just cardboard .
can see baby perfectly and it's soft , so it's safer in the event of an accident . much better than other mirrors i have tried .
these are great numbers and letters , they stick pretty well to the tub and make it fun for babies and kids alike to put up and pull down .
these are great for little ones . my 4 month old can hold onto it . i love it a must have ( we have 4 ) for babies .
the sheet quality was not as great as i thought it would be but was cheap for organic cotton . a little in the thinner side .
bought this for my new grandson . he is two days old and is wearing it for his trip home from the hospital . it is soft and snuggy warm
... which is why i love it :) he shakes it and the noise fascinates him . i bought it based on good reviews and glad i did .
very cute and fun for baby ! do not machine wash . full of surprise sounds :-) very soft and colorful . love it !
the cream helps to keep my baby's dry skin moist and soft , also helps to reduce redness on her cheeks . i like the product .
we use this to heat up our cold breastmilk . it works great . doesn't leak and keep water hot for hours and hours .
these plates are awesome , they're thicker than you imagine . it's easy to clean and it's nice to be able to throw them in the microwave !
nice colors , bpa free , good for traveling and at home . use it for our 20 month old for drinks and snacks .
this is the best / cheapest for keeping little hands away from extension cords and looks better in person - it's white not beige
our go to diaper is bg 4.0 s , they fit our little one at 9 pounds and almost never have any leak issues !
absolutely perfect sleep sack . the fleece is incredibly plush , and it stays soft wash after wash . the sizing is accurate , too .
i exclusively breastfeed but i do pump . i love that i can pump right into these and then freeze or pop into a bottle .
these sheets are great . they are cute and soft and spruce up the crib since bumpers are a no-no ! my son loves the elephants . :)
awesome idea ! we use these and now we don't have to wash the changing pad cover as often . we just change these out .
keeps baby entertained with sounds and a projector . baby seems to love this thing and it has several projection options you can choose from .
both of my little ones loved these as newborns . i've bought so many of them because i keep on losing them . i give them as shower gifts .
its a nice potty . i didnt want anything musical or over the top so this simple potty chair fits the bill .
i find it just as expected , just maybe a little big , or rather bigger for a newborn , but , its worth the money i think .
ruined a whole load of baby clothes because the brown trim bled everywhere . great to have a cover but be careful of the colors .
this is a must have for every baby ! so soft , our baby just loves it !
the last set that i bought was the wrong colors but i used them anyhow ... they wash good and last long .
it's cute and slender , but the lid didn't close tightly , so the wipes would dry out quickly . disappointed , i returned it immediately .
i am glad i have got this . the plastic bag is thick and it conceals the smell very well . i should have got this earlier .
you will be pleased with this purchase . you can see / feel the quality of these wall stickers . they do not peel off and looks very beautiful !
this is great ! ! ! it stopped my toddler from opening the kitchen cabinets ! will purchased more to childproof the drawers next !
this is great to send to my babysitters house for a days worth of cloth diapers . it is the perfect size and washes easy . cute too !
these are easy to install and our toddler hasn't figured out how to bypass them . they also blend in fine .
my 15 month old loves these on her car seat straps ! she kisses them and makes elephant noises . it helps entertain her while we're driving .
this soap works well to remove breast milk residue from breast pump parts and bottles . just wish it was available in larger containers .
love this sheet . it is so soft and the price is awesome .. purchased more just different colors ... cant beat this anywhere
baby loves them . great toyi have to keep writing or it will not let me submit . blah blah blah
got these for my little boy . i love them and they look super cute paired with a football team onesie .
the mirror is fine - i should have purchased it a little earlier than i did ( 10 months ) . younger babies will really like it ,
great product to have . some bottles do come with them but some don't . these are a must to ensure the bottles don't leak .
these are good , for the diaper pail , you can stick inside or out of pail , it will keep area smelling fresh
this is about 3 inches wide and 4 inches long , it is tiny . works well and small hands an work the small vehiclesi would buy it again .
i love this caddy . it holds a lot and you can put small things like camera and keys in the zipper to conceal them . great caddy .
this bottle is " ok " but doesn't seem to work for us . he gets too much air which means too much gas for our little guy .
my 6 month old's favorite teether . it is easy for him to hold and manipulate . the nub it perfect for front teeth chewing . i highly recommend .
soft and really nice to touch . i haven't used it for my baby but i'm liking how it feels . well packaged too .
so cute so precious sound and swing quality is excellent . low to the ground , stable , easy to move around , good quality .
adquiri vários itens da avent e sempre fico satisfeito com essa marca . parabéns para a avent , pela qualidade em todos seus produtos .
i love that these glow in the dark ! makes it easy for finding it when my daughter loses in the middle of the night . and they're cute !
my daughter had babies one year apart so this comes in handy ... it pushes real easy and the older one loved sitting in it
so easy to pop these in to store the bottle and then pop out and put a nipple in its place when it's time to eat .
daycare requires plastic bottles and these are inexpensive , interchangeable and easy to use . overall , these are a good budget buy .
i have these links everywhere to attach toys to the jumper , car seat , high chair , etc . the baby loves chewing on them . good buy .
easy to snap into place , takes abuse from our son no problem , wipes clean & dishwasher safe - what's not to love ?
uno de sus juguetes favoritos , le encanta desde recien nacida y ahora con 7 meses aun sigue jugando con el . super resistente y facil de limpiar
i love that this has all four sides raised ! feels very secure . easy clean up . i would recommend this changing pad .
this are very useful and they hold up well to lots of biting ! my daughter loves playing with them as well .
i really can't imagine pumping without it . i can work on my computer or hold a book while i pump . love it !
cute cute cute . runs a bit small so didn't fit our son as long as we'd hoped , but regardless , silly cute hat .
these worked out great for us we have owned them for a year and so far have had no issues at all with them & we use them daily .
what can i say about it ... i need it for my baby bottles and they are perfect and basis for them ...
this hangs well and fits nicely in my son's average - to small-sized closet . it really helps with organization . it looks like the picture . no surprises .
this does make a nice storage for the food sleeves , although when you process a lot at one time , you could use more than one .
purchased as a gift , seems to be well made and it is a great price for a baby mobile for a boy or girl .
these are much better than the 2 piece shields that came with my medela pump , they are easy to wash and very easy to use .
if you are pumping , you need one of these . i actually bought two . you need this for the added convenience !
i needed something to help me fill the box for my cousin's lady's baby shower gift and this worked great
suctions right onto the highchair and i don't have to pick it up every five seconds . wish i would have found this a long time ago .
these strap covers are so cool . i love how they can be reversed.they are very soft and they fit the straps of my son's car seat perfect !
great bathtub for a new born and i can tell that this is a tub we can use as she grows .
these plates are a good size , depth , and wash well ... wish i would have found these months ago.overall happy with purchase and want more .
i like that these don't have a deep pit to collect food in ; however , they are too wide for my little 6 month old .
these work great for storing milk , no complaints here . i ordered the freezer stacker for these and it works perfectly with the bags .
these are great . it's the only thing that will let our baby sleep and they are so much easier then a normal swaddling blanket . great value .
this product better that others . the quality is good and it works as described . highly recommend for those people who breast feed their newborns .
even if the lids are a bit stiff , they stay on and do their job . better than the cute nuby one , sadly .
this blanket is pretty big and very soft . to my surprise it has remained super soft even after several washes .
our granddaughter loves this toy . developmentally very sound for the interest in shapes and the skills of sorting , filling and " dumping ! " highly recommend
very soft blankets and big enough to swaddle my lo . not a huge fan of the print though but works for the price !
our little guy now gets to pretend he is daddy fishing . only 2 fish come with it but really that is enough for a toddler .
purchased as a shower gift noted on the registry . recommended by three mothers for bpa-free , ergonomic shape and excellent flow .
pretty cool toy . i thoroughly enjoyed playing with it before giving it to my daughter ! haha she loved it also
this is for my baby granddaughter for christmas . haven't opened it , so don't know anything about it . looks like a good tub toy though .
the toy is nice , but the tunes are tinny and not good quality . i would not recommend this to a friend .
love this to keep our key , phone whatnot.it fits our uppa baby stroller as well as the city mini.must have for us .
this is a great bag to carry items that are moist or risk other contents in your luggage . great price , and made well .
these bags are great for diaper disposal . i stuff a few in all my bags to use in a pinch
i bought these for our nursery . i love the size and color . it is just like the picture . very cute .
this is perfect size and design for my toddler for weekend trips out of town ; she loves to drag it around the house in between trips .
this is my son's favorite sippy cup and mine too . of course , its one of the more expensive that he prefers .
very nice it's was exactly what i expected . i will defiantly recommend it . i will be buying more in the future .
i ended up returning it because it's too bulky for our space . it does not stay on the faucet snug enough either .
very easy to clean and sanitize compared to those filthy cheesecloth things . a must have for any baby shower registry .
this product fit perfectly and i was pleasantly surprise by not just how good the quality was but also how soft it was . i will be buying another :)
henry loves his new bigger mam pacies and he is confident enough in his manliness that he doesn't mind if some are pink and purple .
see review under other similar items ; love ethan the penguin . these close up as promised to keep pacifier cleaner for baby .
this book is cute and colorful . each page has a peek-a-boo animal from the forest . the reading is quick and entertaining for an infant .
my child love these bottles and had very little issues with gas ... they're also very easy to clean since they don't have many parts .
like this wipes holder it's not hard plastic it's a soft plastic so it doesn't crack very easily doesn't break easily and it stores well great item for the price
wipes off easily . easy to hook and unhook , although my son could not figure it out . easy assembly of straps . fits my kitchen chair well .
received this hooded towel set during our baby shower . great quality , has been washed countless times and remains soft and durable . highly recommended !
we have been using it for 5 months now and it does a good job keeping the baby contained and comfortable .
i love this bag . it is perfect for on the go . i'm thinking about getting another one to use as a makeup bag .
this is a basic and simple wood gate . it gets the job done and keeps our kitchen blocked off well .
this works great to save our elbows as we give our daughter a bath.coordinates well with skip hop accessories .
this will be great when baby starts on table food . easy clean up . our daughter liked it . thank you thanks
this would not suction to my wall . my tile is slightly the textured but not much . not sure what to do with it now .
this pillow was a pregnancy must for me ! early on i had decided all this pillows were silly and unnecessary but boy was i wrong ! great product .
valance looks great in my baby's room . we chose to paint the nursery yellow and also have the happi tree decals . this looks beautiful .
i use these to clip things to my diaper bag like the little bag dispensers or toys my daughter can play with . great product !
my baby loved them and she always has one in her mouth . :) i love these pacifiers . they help soothe her when she is fussy .
i like this very expensive mattress cover but wish it was softer or more comfortable . wouldn't spend this much again .
love these blankets ! they are a great size and perfect for babies of all sizes . comes with helpful instructions for how to swaddle .
my baby didn't like this toy ... it was too girly for him and he didn't like playing with it ... i wouldn't recommend it
the fingertip toothbrush is really small . it gets stuck on my finger and i can barely get it off . not a fan
i say two of two because the first pillow we tried by a different company didn't suit my wife but the first night and she loved it .
my little one couldn't keep this in and it kept falling out . ended up getting a wubanub which held in better . wish he could use this though !
they are better than i expected , has lots of fun , my baby likes it when have a bath . quality is good .
these gum massagers are awesome . they were easily held by my 5 month old . the rounded saucer like piece gives me comfort from choking hazards .
the inserts work really well and the econobum is easy to adjust to the size of my baby . very pleased with this for economical cloth diaper form .
thank you orbit for leaving pvc in the dust ! pvc is horrible for the environment . fits well on bugaboo bee 2010 .
the bib stained after the first use . my son was able to take it off and i found it for for half the price at a different store .
cute binky that makes a statement . my husband loved it . i recommend this product and have never seen it in the store .
very well made . soft material indicates the manufacturer cares about its clients . buying more and more of them from now on .
i didn't keep this product because i only needed one base and i got one with the car seat so i sent back because i had one already
this product is great ! fits my stroller perfectly ! so thankful to have it when the weather isn't so cooperative . :)
washed , never bled , shrunk a little but no more than expected , color stayed after wash . smelled like chemicals before wash .
they freeze well but the instructions say to heat them in a pan of hot water , which doesn't allow for it to get very hot !
we purchased these as changing pad protectors for our nicer changing pag cover . they are really too small for this purpose . might have other uses though .
these are great spoons for babies who are teething . they hold up in the dishwasher too . less durable for big kid teeth
this holds my drink , my son's sippy cup , his snack , my snack , keys , phone and wallet . i love it . very durable
awesome way to contain and organize milk in the fridge ! ! now medela just needs to come up with a system for freezing !
i really like this one . the music is better quality than most musical toys . the songs are also longer than most toys . my baby enjoys it .
love this item - it's such a great idea . i never loose my lids or pacifiers or suction cups from my pump !
i saw it and my wife and i fell that it was amust for our son . he loves it.he plays with it until he gets so tired .
does the job as well as the large hospital version we had before and much quieter than we expected . quite pleased with this so far .
my kids love to chew on it . the green part is nice and squishy and the metal disk is nice and cold on their gums .
simple design , easy to put together , obviously easy to use . didn't really need the water drip tray tho .
it's a good invest due to check all the time when you're driving if your baby is ok , sleep or need something
really loved the product , was just perfect on my daughter , looked good and helped in organizing the babies stuffnice qualitywill always recommend buying from this store
we used halo sleep sacks for our first born and will do the same for our newborn . great product as always .
baby delighted ! the machine itself goes , no batteries needed . will allow you to spend a wonderful time with your baby !
this mobile is so adorable and perfect ! the cute flowers distract my daughter when she is fussy , and the music help puts her to sleep .
these liners are super absorbent and keep me from needing to wash the changing pad liner daily . they're especially nice for the diaper bag , too .
so much better than lanolin-based nipple creams . soft / silky , making it easy and pain-free to put on and it doesn't stain .
fits our chicco nextfit well . it doesn't bunch up and will help to keep the car seat clean and cool .
this is perfect for my grandchildren . it is well made and will last for a long time . it is easy to recline and clean .
my son ( 13 months ) can too easily take these off . wish they came with snaps instead of velcro .
peace of mind , no more telling my son to stop messing with the tv.he is 2 and still can't remove it .
this thing is gross , psychologically , but it works well tot suck the snot out of baby's nose .
this was helpful at times , but it was a little bit too big for me making it hard to keep on without a few adjustments .
i bought this because the co-sleeper mattress is hard to fit . it's very thin material . the plush sheet is much better .
soft , comfy and an adorable monkey ! how much more could one ask for from a towel ? :-)
this wetbag is a great size and can hold several diapers . it matches perfectly with my diaper bag . perfect wet bag !
this is a great toddler bedding set . so cute ! sheets are so soft and my kid loves them . super cute ! !
great for travel and in sink use , bought for use in baby tub and love it . good for babies under 30 " tall probably .
we have been using halo's since our son was born . he is 15 months old and we plan on using them at least until he is 2 .
we love all the cloud b products and this is no different ! it works great and is cute and soft .
i moved my son up to level 2 nipple around 15 weeks old . he seems to be doing very well on them .
this cushion set is a must when you buy the high chair . they are comfortable and look great . oh , and very easy to clean .
very durable , but the spoon is too big of diameter cause my 9 months baby did not like it at all ... can not use
i am so glad we invested in this product ... at the time the baby was teething like a feind and this was a life saver ! ! !
it's nice and squeaks and has like 10 ' nipples ' for my baby to chew / suck on . she loves playing with it .
the product was exactly as described . it's nice to have extra inserts and rings for when the originals wear out .
did the job ! it was a great replacement for the medela . worked out great and i did like how the shield is one big piece .
i use these rings all the time . my baby loves them and they're great for attaching other toys to his stroller .
this insert is great for our little one - born at 6.5 lbs . she snuggles right into it . it was easy to install with the uppababy directions .
the quality of the fabric is ok but the design is weird , i would not buy them again , but for the price are ok .
this is well worth the money ! my daughter loves this and it keeps her entertained for a long time ! !
kid loves this works good and teether is nice . glad to have gotten this . will deff tell others to do same .
work just the same as medela bags but are cheaper . i will purchase these again ! great product at a great price .
its nice n look expensive but it dont look baby product becoz its not colorfull n baby dont attract toward it thats y i returned it
we didn't get to use this too long as our son outgrew it quickly . but there's lots of room for babies with long legs like our son .
i toss this in a plastic sandwich bag and mush food for my daughter on the go at restaurants and other people's homes . love it .
i don't like the look of the bear personally . my daughter doesn't use it either . the pacifier sits weird in the bear's hand .
our son loves this nuk learner cup . easy to hold and transition from bottle . also , it is easy to clean .
i got this to late we switched him to a different paci waiting for this to come in mail but it's soo soft and adorable
should have gone with the firefly . jacques is hard for my 5 month old to hold . doesn't stand up too well on its own either .
the flow was too fast for my newborn . but i love how small these bottles are and i'd say with a different nipple things would have been ok
this is so cute ! lights up for a great night light and adds little images on the wall and ceiling ! my little one loves this at bedtime
they are the perfect handle size for my daughter to use and i love the soft bpa free silicone on the end .
used this for my son once it got cold , kept him warm and swaddled all night . love it . much better than tying up blankets
these are great for wearing around the house . they are bit large or perhaps my granddaughter is just a bit small but they work . :)
best part of these pacifiers is they do not leave marks on the child's face lk the other brands we have tried .
these are very badly stained and nothing i try is helping . this color shows everything . i do like how the snaps are though .
this changing pad cover is super soft and fits perfectly around the changing pad . we are loving this cover and are happy to have it .
i like the different height levels and how the seat reclines . i don't like the tray and feel as if it takes up too much space .
these snap right into place and keep a secure seal . i use wet erase markers to mark the date on top . a good investment for added convenience .
this is the second pack of these we purchased . as a newborn she only took soothie , she is now 4 months and loves mam !
we chose to exclusively use glass bottles , those are great , washed and steamed over and over , they never change ... very happy with this choice ...
this is a great product to have even if you do not have infant in your house hold . just love the product .
they really helped with the first few days of nursing to soothe sore nipples . i should have bought more of them .
i bought this for the grandsons and so far it works out well for us . it is lightweight and easy to attach
breast feeding and pumping can be challenging but with great products like this one it makes it easier on me .
great mattress for little ones . serves it's purpose well . safe and at a great price . i would highly recommended it .
great seat at a great price , easy to use and place in the car . i would not buy anything else
it does come in handy when you're looking for something they like to hold on to - - its a good placed to put it .
i wondered how well this would attach to the stroller , and it's sturdy . hubby said it wasn't hard to install . we love it !
it works , its cheap . keep in mind this is for a portable mattress . if you are looking for a full-sized matress sheet look elsewhere .
super cute bag . not as big as i thought it was going to be , but fits pretty much everything you need ... for now anyway !
i bought these sunglasses for my 2 year old son and they are too cute ! he has plenty of room to grow into them more as well .
this crib skirt looked nice on the crib , and it washed well . no complaints , other than the price being a bit high .
great toys for kids fun to use to learn the alphabet you don't have to tell them out because it will store water and become moldy
when my son 5 months try's to play with this he gets his arms stuck and has trouble getting them out . possibly 9 + months .
my grandson loves mickey mouse clubhouse so i got this set for him . it's so cute and holds up really well in the dishwasher
my child loves this toy so if it is good for them it is definitely worth 5 stars . on amazon the price is right as well .
only complaint is that it sometimes looses connection and beeps for a while and i end up waving the thing in the air for it to reconnect .
this is a fairly decent cup , it does spill a little bit but not as bad as others i have purchased .
our 8 month old grandson loves this freddie the firefly and entertains himself playing with it . it is great to take on trips .
if you have kids and you like to take them outdoors . .. this is a must have . it's water proof and you can throw in the wash .
so couldn't really tell of worked . i liked the way it dispensed but too bad more that half was wasted
these are the safest way to keep your baby covered in their crib . no loose bedding but keeps them warm . a must !
my four month old loves this mirror . you can put it on the floor or hang it on the crib .
i wash them in the diswasher and use them regularly ... the are awesome for baby and parents . easy to use !
2 out of 3 times the pipi leaked , so i don't know may i put it in the wrong way
particularly when you have numerous bottles , sippy cups , straws , and small nooks everyone - these are great and really help with hard to clean places .
this pump is comfortable , easy to use , and affordable . i wish i could find replacement parts more easily - my only complaint .
i have bought a handful of these bibs for my 2 kids . they hold up great . i have used them for years .
after numerous teeth marks in our crib rail we decided that this was a necessity . it's perfect , easy to wash , soft , and everything we needed .
a must have super easy to use , convenient and ive had no leaks with these . other bags ive found always leak when thawed
just what i wanted.my boys love it too . i bought this kind because i liked the review on youtube and it was just how i like it
we love these at our house and use them everyday . i would recommend getting the top covers too , especially for using while out .
cute book ! interactive and entertaining . pages crinkle to the delight of my 5 month old . light and soft for baby to hold .
these work fine . we can't seem to close the flip-part of the cup once we've installed a replacement straw , but that doesn't affect our use .
this rack work great for drying bottles ! it can also be used for plastic dishes . it's easy to set up , and keeps bottles sanitary .
these thank you notes are even cuter than they look on the screen . work for a baby boy or girl .
very soft and comfy ! much warmer during the winter months than the standard cotton covers that seem to get kind of cold to the touch .
my daughter loves these soo i ad to get some for my son ... they are better than other pacies ... will be getting more
the forest friends fitted sheet looks good . since it is 100 % cotton , it keeps the baby comfortable with the breathable fabric .
i ended up returning this . it did not fit our graco plack n ' play bassinet - it was too small .
the baby trend pack & play that i got 2 yrs ago for my oldest . hopefully it won't rip like the last one i purchased
this bag has made it easy to keep dirty cloth diapers separate from the other laundry . and the handy strap makes it easy to hang on changing table .
very cute and comfy . bright colors , looks exactly as it does on the picture . my kids likes it . will probably last a long time .
i have the glass bottles , all i need is the top evenflow please sell tops alone without having to buy whole set !
this is very padded and super soft so your baby won't be uncomfortable and its big enough to give baby room to move around or stretch out
it is real pain to clean them . at least it did the job , it was nice seeing my little one enjoying her fruits and making funny faces
fits many bottles , nipples , and pacifiers plus pumping parts . easy to clean , spins easily and doesn't tip when full . what else can i say .
it does its job but run super small for my 4 months old baby . is a great idea for babies with flat spots
sterile , easy to close , easy to mark - not much else to say - freeze milk beautifully & seems to be of quality material .
it was requested by my d-in-l for her baby girl . it's cute and portable . perfect to take on the road and good to hold for a baby .
i am very like it very much , the quality is good and the appearance is beatiful . hope my baby will love it too .
she absolutely loves this toy . she loves pressing the buttons and hearing the sound but most of all she loves the lights on it
easy to install and sits flat on both of our seats with out any extra stuff to make it level . glad i made this choice .
our baby has reflux and we have to go through at least 6 bibs a day anyway ... like the fit and colors .
... but isn't that what you would expect for a product from ziploc . it is what they do for a living . ;-)
it does the job . it would have been nice to be available in different colours so it could match the different styles of carriers .
i've been using this since my son is born . it keeps him comfy in his stroller specially when his newborn .
this item arrived promptly and as described . it fits our closet perfectly , keeping all our baby's essentials organized and neat . i recommend it .
i love it . they are so soft and of great quality . very useful , and a good price . i would recommend to others .
used for a year for sterilizationnever messed any of my bottles upi had playtex bottles and they fit in this sterilizer perfectly
lots of paint to use several times . advise : if you have more than one " artists " working on you buy extra paint brushes / sponges !
this soaks through very quickly.once i was nursing and the other side soaked through the pad and my blouse .
great for the back teeth teething ! i hooked a pacifier clip to this so baby always has it . great chew toy !
these are great for rinsing , and my baby loves to play with them . they have been our favorite bath toys from the beginning .
the first night i tried this , my newborn slid down in between the bumpers . this product is dangerous .
as a lot of reviews said the tape given with product does not work ... i went straight to the hot glue gun and no problems now !
this ok but really my 3 year old liked it more than my 6 mth old ! ! it may depend on the baby though .
i had to return this because i was unable to use it for my 9 month old daughter . it's definitely made more for a toddler .
a little hard to squeeze , but the best nasal aspirator ! ! ! really gets everything out , without having to go in there 500 times .
bought it because it was affordable , but even for my 5 ' even wife , she says it's too low . haven't had any other problems though .
used for dolls , and these are as close to the vintage version that was very similar as i can find :)
this are big ! we love them , the hold a lot of water , safe for children , plastic has good quality . we love them .
i love these pacifiers and they are the only ones both my kids would take . the colors are much more muted then pictured though .
this is a great little boppy cover ! it is super soft ! i find myself petting it all the time . :)
these sheets are extremely soft ! i love the color of the ecru , very soft and neutral for the nursery .
they are so much better to feed baby with . i wish i used these with my other two also . love them
great security for accidents in the carseat . we are in the midst of potty training and this gives me peace of mind
gentle noise rattle , love it . easy for young infant to learn to grab .
bought this mattress to go with new convertible crib . it fits perfectly within the crib and seems of firm , good quality .
i would have liked something more similar to the shade for a baby car seat basket . this shade doesn't help much for rear-facing car seat setup by itself .
this is a nice car seat for this price range , and the fact that the cover can be easily removed and washed is a huge bonus !
very happy to have found glass bottles . very easy to clean and safe for baby to use . bought the larger size as well .
this is perfect for a crib that is at the bottom level . our sons little arms and legs can't get stuck in the slats thanks to this .
dont waste your money , ikea makes straps that work much better that we have used for everythingthese come off to easy
the colors on these rings are awesome they are so bright and i know baby will love the bright colors and the textures
great fitting cart cover . fits all carts that i've tried so far . love the toy hooks and the colors .
i absolutely love this bag ! so spacious and it looks great ! i have received many compliments on it . highly recommended , i love the green color .
there's nothing wrong with these my baby just doesn't like them or any pacifier i have bought her . oh well
they're clear and look great plugged in . 10 month old has lost interest in poking her fingers through the " faces " on the wall . :)
this monitor works great ! i can hear my baby breathing and see her sleep in the dark . i am one happy mommy !
great changing pad covers . great price as well . these covers fit well and have a nice neutral color and pattern .
easy to put on a crib mattress and easy to swap out the tops . where the zipper is covered , it simply looks like a ruffle detail .
blanket-soft on one side and soft terry on the other side . generous size and high quality , has held up in washings great .
it is very soft , and i like the color.it is large for my 7 month baby . also recommended . the price is also good for the quality .
good set of bowls , they take next to no space on our cabinets , colors are nice , and the lids close tightly .
perfect ! it's light weight and soft . so cute ! the elastic has lasted longer than i expected . still using after 2 years .
easy to use . easy to change . the flap covering the zipper does flip up , but doesn't get in the way of the little one .
totally recommend them i had used them for a year and a half and just bought more for next baby , they work great !
would highly recommend this cover . it's super soft and washes well . i have the la baby 4 sided changing pad 32 " , and it fits perfectly .
we bought one for each car . i love the maneuverability of the mirror and how securely it straps on to the headrests .
two years later , still have them . they are good quality and durable . recomment them for anybody looking for a set of bottles .
got this for my husband for his diaper bag . he loved it . very comfy to wear , roomy , and so non-diaper-bag-esque .
i bought this product for my sister and she was very happy with it all the time . is very important that it is washable .
these bowls are ok , but they cannot be microwaved . and note that the set of three bowls comes with only one lid for the smallest one .
have used this product with last baby i had and its always been effective and never any issues of any kind .
the infant side is nice and firm , the toddler side is a little softer . i've always really liked simmons ' mattresses and this one doesn't disappoint .
this blanket is so soft and my daughter loves it . the colors really keep her attention and we get tons of compliments on it .
these work perfect . they were smaller then i had expected but that is even better . the colors are good and the lids fit well .
we cannot be without these ! i just wish they wouldnt get lost all the time ! our son loves these paci's
worked well with our bottles . we've used size 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 . great bottles , cleans easily . good job dr . brown's !
i love this product for seeing the pacifier at night but when cleaning you need to be careful as it can take in water to the plastic bulb part .
my daughter was unable to feel comfortable wearing these . they were not useful for my daughter because she never felt comfortable wearing them .
my baby seemed to not be able the breath with these oversized pacifiers .. when and bought a different kind where they weren't brocking his nostrils
love this stroller ! great handling . easy to run with . this one was cheaper than an earlier model that someone on craigslist was selling 2nd hand .
easy and fun as your child gets older and needs more food . we like it and it's easy and small to put it in our backpack .
when we tried to put this under our gate it came up to high and you couldn't open the gate with it in place .
these are very difficult to install in a dresser if you don't have the right drill . but it is an amazing product .
our tiles have virtually no texture and the basket will not hold in place even if it's empty . i am really disappointed .
if you want to reduce risk when you're driving and your baby sleeping use this pillow ... additional is really beautiful
work great . been using these for two kids and needed some extra sets so i didn't have to wash them all the time .
one can't have enough washcloths , most of the pack that i've seen were either 6 pack or 10 . i think 12 is perfect .
the bibs are great at catching food , drips and liquid . easy to clean and durable . love it , it's the only bib i use now .
these are thick without being bulky and absorb a lot . they feel all natural and unprocessed which i liked but can be a bit rough
annoying that they put this on the outside as you hit it on doors all the time so of course it broke
i really love this sheet for the cold winter months . it is super soft and fits my mattress very well . i highly recommend this item .
it looks not good as expected but it useful , it is good for teeth and good quality . i like it .
like that it's organic but too small to really be useful . the edges roll up ; wish they would lay flat .
like the border and the piping around the edge , fits mattress well ; sheet is soft and attractive without a dust ruffle
after my expensive video monitor died , i decided to go back to basics and try this one . good enough for it's purpose .
the adjustable arch was so helpful as baby learned to move around more and roll over .
i loved the material in this product and i think well at all to protect the car seat and additionally to have pockets to carry baby things
our 1 year old grandson loves these toys they are colorful and makes his bathtub a fun relaxing time for him and mommy .
in the end i was able to do a composite in a photo book of all twelve months . it was really nice .
my baby doesn't even look twice at these outlets . they're easy for adults to take off but not for babies . and it's a great deal .
extremely light with many pockets and internal stripes to be fixed in the stroller . good fabric and long adjustable strap .
these little membranes are so easy to lose , i don't know what i would do without this little replacement pack .
this bib is a creative way to keep the top of toddler's shirts clean . i would recommend it ! !
i like giving this as a shower gift to expecting moms who are planning to breastfeed . i like the variety of products and cute carrying case .
dr . brown's are the best bottles on the market ! easy to switch from breastfeeding to dr . brown's without nipple confusion .
i do wish it left less room to lift the lid up , it's only a matter of time before he realized he can shove things through the opening .
the yellow side is soft but pills as soon as you wash and doesn't get better the more you wash .
this is a great travel bed . it works fine . easy to inflate . but the yellow sheet that is shown does not come with it ! !
it looks exactly like the picture ! very cute and had no problems with the bulb . it goes very well with her jungle theme nursery a ,
bought as a back up cover , it's plush , not very thick , but does the job and is soft . my son has never complained .
great product . easy to install , and is easy to open . i've seen other gates that are much harder to open . i would recommend these .
this showed up exactly as i expected and as pictured . it is soft and durable . i would definitely reccomend this item to other moms .
it seems very small in person and my son will not sit on this even though he is very tiny . he loves to put toys into it .
very light , soft , secured and comfortable . good to have this one in home or whenever you go just take it with you
i want to love this product because it matches our sons entire room . but its so quite that i cant bring myself to like it very much .
very nice , does the job . very easy to assemble , does not move or slip . would buy again if it wasn't $ 20 a pair
i love this because it is easily cleaned when the baby makes a mess on it , which is great because he makes a mess a lot .
i would not use any other kind of bottle , helps with baby who spits up alot , but is really just a wonderful bottle
this little toy is so cute and unique , we get lots of compliments on it . my dd love is .
short easy to get that cleaned a little oil . appearance is very cute , i love babybjorn . children 9 months , holding their own use .
i highly recommend this booster . it's compact , easy to clean , cute , and entertaining for the little people . what's not to love !
if only it would stay in place and do not band when water is poring
great cover , i only wish it came with some more doodads attached to keep the babe busy in the market .
big , but great tub for newborn . kept my son , comfy , warm , secure and safe
seems to work perfectly but you have to be sure to read the instructions . easy way to take the temperature
this was thinner than we expected . it is fine cotton . a bit large , more for a fat baby . decent product though .
it's great because she can hold onto it which means its less likely to fall , so no more dirty pacifiers !
very cute rattle , except for the fact i'm not really sure what to expect from organic stuff made in china … ?
i am very happy about this product , will be perfect gift for the baby . 12 pictures for 12 months . what a great idea .
she play with it in the mouth love the noise it's great easy toy to have with you everywhere .
very soft , and the colors make them easy to find in a jumble of baby stuff . reasonable price , in my opinion .
i found this to be a great product , spacious and compact , i use it in the dishwasher and microwave . love it
shaped just like a real breast , so my little one takes it without a fight ! this solved all our problems we were having with her refusing a bottle
quick to piece together with the other attachment pieces . overall they work great with the other parts and are easy to clean and sterilize .
our baby is a mega-spitter-upper and these work great . they are the ones we grab first out of several types we have .
this is such an amazing product for cloth diapering . no more need for safety pins . these do the trick . very quick and effective .
this is my favourite blankie . i take it everywhere . its so soft . the colours are vibrant , i couldnt ask for more
we never ordered our baby a first christmas ornament . do i was very happy to have found this one . was exactly as stated .
my 4 year old son loves this ! he works really well and lights up whole room . three different colors are really cool too . !
it fits our 5 months baby perfectly.it doesn't have a strap to keep it in his face , that's the point that i didn't give 5 stars to this item
i got this pillow so my 3 month old baby could go in our regular fold up stroller.it worked perfect to fill the space and hold him up .
i tried using a bulb syringe but found that it didn't clear the nose completely . this is easy to use and very effective .
they're nice and soft but if you use them to serve pureed carrots or pasta sauce they will stain . i'd get other spoons that won't stain .
my little girl loves this . she plays with the tags and holds it in the car . shes 9 months old .
use all the time to carry baby items , they wash very well & dry quick ! ! very happy with these paln to buy more ! !
the little spiders float , and so happy to have found something safe for my son for the bath without all the bad stuff . he loves catching them !
it is very light , so it doesn't stay in one spot . running kids tend to slip on this . the design is very pretty .
best price around ! almost half retail ! love it ! these bottles work great for my baby and her gas and colic issues .
it is a good bouncer . for a while it the only place my child would sleep in , i can only assume it must have been comfy .
was on baby wish list . so i bought it for the baby shower . will shop again if needed . mommy loved !
it's not a great toy sound is very low ... i'm not even sure about the kind of plastic it is made of
love this , the string on the end secures on pacifier easily and securely . nice snap . works very very well . great !
keeps my little one warm in the new england winter nights , and allows her feet to come out for walking .
they dry faster than other bibs and provide good coverage for my 7 month old . we didn't get the designs pictured , but no big deal .
it was too small for my convertible crib so make sure if you have one get the wide one or it won't fit ! measure measure measure ! !
i was a long time looking for another baby monitor and i really enjoy this brand new model with all the remote adjusts and zoom .
i love it ! there is no odor and it's so easy to use . i guess i don't have any of the problems others talk about .
i like that once these are on baby , they zip up from the bottom so that it is possible to change a diaper without completely undoing things .
gets the job done . works well to keep the kids from playing with the outlets . they cannot get them out either . that's a major plus ! !
these are a great size . the other storage bottles are five ounces , which is too much to heat up at once .
our son loves this bath tub ! he is so relaxed in it ! best out there on the market !
it's okay not great good concept but don't put in the dishwasher or the rubber washer warps and then the cup leaks which makes it useless
i actually returned a much more expensive bedskirt when i realized that the embroidery was largely hidden by parts of the crib . i'm very happy with this skirt .
very cute little toy . well worth the price for all that it does . our 6week old loves when his big brothers play with this with him .
i love this hamper the color is great and it is very light weight and easy to clean i would recommend it for a nursery
our 9 month old has 4 top and 4 bottom teeth . he hasn't really liked this teether much compared to his rasberry teether or frozen towels .
although they seem helpful for certain situations , i wasn't too impressed . i'm still glad that i have them in case someday they prove helpful .
the first few times it took me a while to get it situated on there right , but after that it was nice !
have a panda and dog and my daughter loves them . they work great are big and easy to see child very well .
these are exactly like medela , they worked perfectly . the only difference is the little bumps are a different shape . this little pack lasts forever !
i didn't like using the caps with the rings because they always leaked . these fit perfectly on my glass evenflo bottles .
this was our baby's first toy . it was light and easy to grab for little hands learning to pick things up .
these clippers are well made . the magnifier doesn't really work because it kind of throws off your depth perception but still a good product .
love it ! instruction included to teach you how to use the product and this makes my baby food project so easy !
love these . so practical & durable . price was good too ! most of all , i love that they are 100 % cotton !
great easy set up , and easy to take anywhere ! ! we use it all the time and our little one sleeps in it so well !
baby really likes this blanky . the first day she got it she laid around with it all night . a good buy .
nosefrida was , certainly , among the best things i bought to my daughter , and those replacement filters are necessary in the long run .
perfect shape , and i love that they are one piece so that water / soap doesn't get into the crevices between parts .
my little one likes to play with them too.the handle is a bit heavy , otherwise it serves its purpose .
this product is exactly what was advertised . my daughter started chewing on everything at about 14 months while she was teething . this protects her teeth and crib .
my child doesn't like sippy cupbut it's good of shape ㅋㅋㅋcolor ' variation and cute size ! ! i like it
my old cover was getting old and not soft but this one was amazing and very smooth . buy this one
i think this bag is nice , very light and with a lot of pockets in the inside , but you fill it very quickly :-/
( under my wife's direction ) having the right fitting breast shield makes a huge difference during pumping sessions . these worked like a charm with my hands-free unit .
my daughter is eleven weeks old and loves these . she snuggles with the owl and loves holding on to the taggies . material is very soft .
thought the product was a full sack so my fault on that but we put a small blanket over her and then put this on . does the trick
i wanted to have this in my baby bag and it is small and extremely useful . i even got my husband one .
i've ordered 3 sets of these in the duration of 4 months - love them ! they are my go-to whenever the tubes need to be replaced .
easy to use , easy to travel with ! works great in crib or playpin . our son is now able to rest thanks to this product
glad i got this , made it possible to pump directly into my avent bottles rather than the smaller ones that came with the pump .
we tried / tested it a few times and it picked up alcohol after only 2 beers within a couple of hours . would reccomend .
tough to assemble , kind of complicated to store , ended up returning . flimsy plastic and i almost cut my finger on it .
wonderful paci clip . it's cute and a great alternative to the pink and purple movement for all things baby girl .
this stepstool is very sturdy . it is easy to open and close the top . it works well for our purposes .
beautiful color when i got it but it was so rough and scratchy ! it also lost the color after a few washes . too bad , very disappointing .
one block got a small rip in the fabric after very little use , but my 7 month old loves to crinkle them and chew on them .
very easy to install , very secure when installed correctly and is easy to snap in and out of with the infant car seat .
great bottle . my son mostly nurses but does take this bottle when i have to be gone .
the velcro on the side is a great feature . these bibs worked well , we have them a few months later .
not too small not too big , very sturdy . for $ 10 you cannot pass this deal up . you will not be disappointed .
she loves them . you get a lot of bang for your buck with this toy . portable , just the right amount of rattle and easy to clean .
sophie is the best buy ever ! my 5 month old just got his 1st tooth and loves it ! great gift idea
i bought one that leaked after a year , the second one i bought started leaking within a month . i did not change my washing routine .
this product serves its purpose . but i now just use the masher because cleaning the bowl can be a pain because of all the grooves .
works so great ! better then the nose bulb and babies can stand it more than the nose bulb . i bought two for my little man .
this is a very heavy sleep sack , not for use as a light cover in the summer . but great for fall / winter
we are not using small chains anymore , these are more secure , they are not giving any harm to baby , perfect choose .
great material for teething babies to chew on . i would recommended this product to go with your ergo carrier for sure .
we bought this as a replacement for our stroller and it worked great . i would buy this product again if given the chance . thanks
this is so cute ! makes drinking more water fun . my little girl loves it ! i really like the velcro strap attached ! !
affordable , relatively firm and fits our graco cribgraco victoria non drop side 5 in 1 convertible crib whitealmost too perfectly .
this fits my davinci mini crib mattress perfect ! the additional padding is an added bonus ! very soft and snug fit
finger brush worked out great but the toothpaste was nasty . had to buy a separate toothpaste . found this item only 50 % useful .
it was a present for a new mother and her baby girl . i hope she would like as much as my daughter and her baby .
i used this as my gift bag at my sister baby shower and loaded it up with tons of goodies . it was a big hit .
this monitor works well with distance . i am able to move around while baby is sleeping peacefully . i think it is a good deal for the price .
i already bought so many replacement nipples ... no complaint ... ;) i don't know what else i need to write more .
i love this little hamper .. it's simple , cheap , looks cute , easy to assemble , sturdy . can't beat it . i would recommend .
super soft and comfy , item is as described by the seller and fits my changing pad well i have the summer infant contoured changing pad .
these washcloths are soft and perfect for a newborn . i have been happy with all of my aden + anais purchases , and these washcloths are no exception .
the safety 1st swing shut toilet lock works really good it keep the toilette safe from kids . it is good
easy to assemble . very lightweight . cute looking . you can tell its not a " good " piece of furniture but its perfect for the baby's room .
but my babies medicine had a really strong taste and she could tell and wouldn't drink it . worked well and seemed to be good quality .
this fits perfectly on my chicco capri stroller , and holds regular ( smaller sized ) cups and sippies . i would recommend this .
great teething toys . my daughter goes back and forth between these and rings . i put a little cold filtered water on them and she chews away !
matches good with my nuk learner cups . no problem with these bottles whatsoever . cute design n everything . been using them for 8 months now .
this is pretty simple to put in place and not too much of an eyesore as childproofing goes . i'd recommend it .
kids didn't like this form factor . but it really comes down to the kids , my first kid liked them , the second one didn't .
these shields worked great with the medela pump in style pump , much more comfy than the standard 24 mm shields
this is a really cute stuffed toy . its got little pockets and velcro wing type things . its interactive in that manner . my daughter liked it .
these brushes work great for cleaning bottles , sippy cups and the straws in our water bottles !
these guards are really cute but after a few months they started to rip and about half the pack is useless now .
we bought these over 3 months ago and always wash them in the dishwasher . they still do not leak or crack so i approve .
these are great ! they hold about 20 photos and i get lots of compliments on how cute the book is .
we loved the ergo but this new one were the baby can face forward and inward is awesome ! can highly recommend it .
easy to install , cleans well , breathable for baby , glad we purchased it . planning to use it for our 2nd baby
my son is a messy eater . loves fluttering his tongue to share food with the rest of us . these bibs are absorbent and wash well .
they seem to work great , and are for sure medela valves . there are 2 valves in each package you order .
i purchased this for my daughter . she is very pleased with it and uses it often . she says its a life savor .
she loves this guy . stares at him and tries to reach out to him . baby loves it means i love it :)
it fits perfect . good quality sheet , since all it is is a sheet there isn't much more to say about it !
it's sooo convenient to have a clean high chair wherever we travel . it's sooo convenient to have a clean high chair wherever we travel .
i personally thought its cute . my 4 months old is learning how to hold it by himself is making good progress . it does not leak .
i got this as a gift from my sister-in-law and she loves it . she said her daughter plays with it all the time in the car
i wish i had bought 2 of these . they are soft and comfy and fit very well . but with a boy you need at least 2 .
perfect fit and doesn't shrink . now if i could only get someone to change them for me . :) hee hee
granddaughter liked it but didn't love it . i think it's probably very good for teething , but it wasn't one of her favorites .
perfect teething baby toy ! love them and will be buying lots for future baby shower gifts ! baby just loves them !
these are really handy baby wash cloths . they are made of high quality terry cloth and have thus far held us really well .
good buy for the price and it can convert to a rocking chair ! we have this at grandma's for our son and he likes it !
we use it everyday . it cleans easily and fits perfecting on the chair . haven't had any issues with this product .
it seems easier to wash and stays on well . no reason not to get these over the two part shields .
bought as a gift and it was very well received . great color scheme . cute pictures and soft . would recommend for any little one .
my grandbaby loves a ball , these are just big enough for her to cup in her hand . she really enjoys playing with them ..
my 4 month old loves to play with her links ! they are nice to attach to the car seat .
this was packaged well and is exactly as described . at three months , baby didn't have much interest . will retry at 5 months !
my son likes these spoons and they are cheap enough that if we lose one , it is no big deal
this product was easy to install , changing bed sheets was also easy . i would recommend it to others . daughter loved her big girl bed .
this works perfectly on our silestone counter . my husband is impressed too . my little one uses it and enjoys having a meal with us . recommended !
it replaced our rented high chair and serve the purpose well , at home as well as when we travel ! great buy !
for the price this is a great bumper . it is super soft and feeling great on skin . perfect fit for our crib . totally love this product .
not dark enough ink and came a bit dried out and slightly ripped packaging . was not quite what i expected .
it fits ! finally a sturdy potty seat for my awkward toilet . potty training has been much easier now that my wiggly boy can sit without sliding off .
they have held in every messy poop . they will stain a little . they are holding up great with no tearing .
terrible sterilizer ... bottles smell burnt after every use . unit always look dirty inside and out no matter how well you clean .
i searched everywhere for a sheet that would fit an oval bassinet mattress and finally found this one . it's great ! it fits perfect and holds up well .
i use this for our graco pack n play and it fits perfectly . it is extremely soft , i ordered another one !
the gentle rattling makes this a wonderful cause and effect toy for newborns . they can go on wrists or ankles to encourage movement to create the sound !
we love the skip hop set , it is perfect and very practical for day care . highly recommend . the quality and price are just right .
love it sooo nuch its big hold a whole bunch glad i brought it ots well wrth the price cute for boy
these bottles have always leaked for me . it was a good starter set though . it is easy to clean and seems to replicate breastfeeding .
my son loves this little ball so much . it's very colorful and the little ball inside rattles all about which keeps him interested .
my little baby loves this nipples ... i expend two months buying different kind of nipples and bottles and finally ! ! i found the perfect bottle and perfect nipple
this is my first baby and i want him to have the world but cant always afford everything these are a very good price and they wash really well .
i have a baby with big plump cheeks , and unfortunately this pacifier leaves marks on her cheeks because the hard plastic curves a bit .
these are very functional and cute and hold quite a bit . definitely a necessity with boon grass . i bought two !
the soft plastic works well for snatching boogers . they are small enough that the baby will not complain if you are gentle .
i was specifically searching for baby hangers , so was not tricked like many other reviewers . these are very sturdy , yet soft .
these sea munchkin's have become my 21 month old son's friends in the bath ! he names them and says " hi " to them . great products .
i love this diaper pail . it is very well put together and it keeps the smell out of the room .
baby einstein bendy ball is so cute - my granddaughter loves it . it is colorful and very easy for a child to hold . highly recommend .
i love this item for our granddaughter - made bathing her so much easier - looks cute too .
these are the best for new users . my grandson can handle these very well . i love the size and shape .
i just got tired of fighting with the normal dispensers and this thing has been awesome . it would make a great gift for a baby shower .
this was perfect for transitioning my daughter from swaddle to no swaddle . she could bring her hand to her mouth and start to learn to self-soothe .
inconsistent readings and not very user friendly . impossible to get an accurate reading , especially on a small , squirming forehead . purchased something else instead .
i like this pillow wedge as it can be used in different ways , under the belly or back or between the legs .
i wish i knew that these only fit on certain model . i have the medela e0603 - m advanced double pump and these shields don't fit at all .
my husband bought for our baby to carry . he is happy with this and seems the baby also enjoys . love it
my daughter likes brusing her two small teeth . she ' helps ' me by grabbing onto the extra-long handle . great trainer for your baby's new teeth !
we love all these cutters so much i want to see more shapes and fun colors ! these are great for kids of all ages !
these were purchased to go with our crib . ordered now in case not available at later date . once used will update review . they appear solid .
i ordered this after my more pricey version quit holding it's clip . i have been very happy with the purchase and find that the clip holds well .
its a good mirror that allows me to see my little girl and the back seat while i drive ! :d
my 16 month old loves when the water comes down above his head . always a favorite toy during bath time . just wish it held more water .
lots of different colors and textures . my eight month old grand daughter has grown attached to hers . she loves him .
it's a wonderful blanket . it's been washed and comes out nice . my granddaughter loves to snuggle with it when she gets tired and ready for a nap .
even though i thought it was gonne fit my babys crib it didnt but i still put it on and it looks really nice
lots of different textures and sounds . keeps my son entertained in the car and my older daughter plays with it too !
i love this diaperbag , if does not look like one , great space lots of pockets , i have to say i'm in love with this one .
my son isn't teething yet and hasn't really used this toy but i must say i appreciate that it's constructed well and isn't made in china :)
so far i tried it with no good results .. i guess my boy needs to be older because it's hard to accomodate
when i first got this it held my baby firmly but as i've used it it has stretched out a bit and doesn't feel that same as before .
its a great toy . its a bit out grown as he is 18 months but he still plays with it occasionally .
soft , cute , decent price for aden & anais bibs . getting ready for the commencement of a lot of drooling soon !
this cover is so soft , even after multiple washes . very gentle yet versatile changing pad cover . highly recommend this produce
this rattle is very cheap looking , like something that would be at the dollar store . i do not reccommend it .
1,000 , 000 % easier and faster than dealing with diaper pins . if you use cotton prefolds , you must use these . what more can i say ?
so much better than other dispensers , because you can actually dispense formula fast without hassle ! i only wish storage compartments were a little bigger
our baby has taken to this toy and he just loves it . way cute , great colors and variety . fast shipping and great product
scrape baby food off baby's mouth really well . carrots will stain the spoons but after a few washes it comes off . love them !
i use this brush for my medela bottles . it also works on life factory glass bottles and of course avent .
love these bottles . my baby does not spit up or have pain ... only bad thing is that it has so many parts to wash
cheapest option i found , and gets the job done ! very sturdily made and resistant to stains .
compact with head cushion . easy to clean . i got black one with blue color inside though i wish i got a pink one .
the material is good its soft but its pretty thin and not deep enough for thick matress , but it stays on so i kept it for an extra
i like these it because they really keep the diaper pail smelling nice and fresh , love the prize too and it come in six pk
just as described . you can feel assure your child will be safe in this car seat .
decent product and quality is not bad , but the brush is not as soft as i was hoping for . i would return it if i could .
wish the seat cushion was a little tougher on the material of the outside . abrasions start to wear it a way .
best pump on the market . its worth the money . no doubt . even if you don't work its nice to have this on the go .
our babies love these . they get lost easily , so order a few ! they are easy to wash . fun colors too .
material was a little too light for my taste . had to return it and found something elsewhere . loved the color but that was it .
great seating place for children combined with the prince lionheart cover for chair ! my daughter loves this booster seat very comfortable
great pacifiers and these do glow in the dark for a period of time , which made them easier to find .
kit came with all the needed replacement parts for my pump . it's nice they offer the different shirk sizes in the kits .
i buy the woombie for all shower gifts now . everyone loves it . makes it especially easy on husband's who haven't mastered the burrito wrap .
could not have managed without them ! they keep baby cool , yet comfy , and prevent the baby from startling themselves awake .
i tried to use pins just for the sake of trying and it just isn't worth it . get the snappis !
what an excellent baby rattle ! great colors , textures , and sounds . just what i wanted for the new light of my life !
amazing crib , solid and durable wood . looks are pretty good and size wise it's bit bulky for small apartment but overall perfect
have not used yet but was easy to assemble , appears to be sturdy . nice design and carrying case . excited to use .
item came promptly . it's very cute and has such a unique look . we get compliments on it . lots of room for baby and toys .
this mattress is no softer than the pack n play mat . i ended up sending this product back . i was very disappointed .
pillow is very soft and easy to wash and dry . very good size that it till definitely last a few more years .
color is a little darker than imagined but like the lightness of material . stains wipe off really easily , great cover .
i am happy with this purchase , it fits perfectly on my bob stroller and stays super tight ! easy to attach and remove .
this is much better then the backless standard booster seat . when my daughter falls asleep , her head has some support , rather then flop around .
we love the ones we bought for our son so much that i decided his cousin needed a pair too !
these are great wipes , my son finally doesn't have a rash ! they also only pull out one at a time and i rarely use more than two ...
these are awesome and they save me the hassle of switching from " pumping " bottles to my trusted tommee tippee bottles .
i bought this for my grandson / daughter , and they both love it ! i feel that he is much safer now when he takes a bath .
baby loves her new soft cover for her day bed . i likes the material and baby looks so comfortable . it will keep her very comfortable .
you have to have one in your baby nursery stuff , its really easy and fast , also you can control the suction for more comfort for the baby ...
cute and fashionable , you'd never know it's functional . it's soft and fits well . it doesn't bother my 4.5 month old to have it on either .
when i saw this i liked it my son loves turtle so i know his son is going to love it to
while my daughter loved the bottle , it started to get hairline fractures on the bottom and eventually cracked only a month in !
great product if you decide letting your kiddo learn eating on his own . easy to clean - just wipe down !
excellent product . simple to use , does what it says , and you can put it on the door handle when not using it .
it can be very difficult to put on and many gaps . i just bundle her up and don't use this ...
my son can easily hold sophie and likes to chew on her ears , horns and feet . she is a very nice teether . would buy again !
this cover is so much softer than regular covers on my infant's skin . i wish they offered the organic covers in more colors and styles .
very cute . like the cupholder / toy " basket " that is built in to the end of the tub . was easy to blow up .
this is a must have for a baby nursery . material is very soft / comfortable and holds up well to many washes
this diaper is super absorbent . i've tried it several times over night without any leaks . easy to wash and i've also used different inserts .
this is wonderful for winter babies , no more dropping in the parking lot . i now give at all baby showers !
i bought this for our new baby on the way in august ! super cute and big enough to hold cloth diapers and wipes ! love it ! !
this is an easy to use and carry item . we also have the britax stroller which is compatible with this item .
very cute . easy to apply . however it is hard to get it off from the wall to reposition . other than that , great .
we couldn't ask for anything softer . this is an excellent changing pad cover and it holds up very well wash after wash .
this sheet is wonderful . i love that it's organic , it's very soft , and it fits perfectly in the pac n play ! just what i needed !
lovely thing to protecting you child in car seat while you driving or out side on a sun . breath through
i have one in each size . these are so awesome for your lo when it is cold . i wish they made these for adults ! haha
didn't work as described . it's a great idea , probably just needs additional research and engineering to deliver a product that does what it says .
keeps the car seat cool and will also keep it clean . we have dogs and the dog hair gets everywhere , but not in the carseat .
i bought this nipple for using with thickened milk but it didn't work . the nipples collasped easily and baby got really frustrated .
my 11 month old granddaughter loved this . she was fascinated with the rings and the colors . i would recommend this to everyone .
we use it nightly and for all naps . it is a good thickness - not too hot for my son while he sleeps .
good mix of colors , work as expected , pretty good durability . we're thinking we should have bought more from the beginning .
works great with our chicco car seat and is light and folds up very easily !
i've bought prob 20 cups for my toddler and this one has probably held up the best . i'd definitely buy it again and would recommend it .
my infant grandbaby loves this in her bassinet . it puts her asleep . this is freaking awesome . you won't be sorry you tried this .
we love the b-safe car seat and getting an extra base has made using my husbands car even easier than before .
our daughter enjoys this little multi-purpose blocks . they're soft , colorful , and a couple of them have rattles / bells inside . very entertaining .
this sponge is 100 % natural which is wonderful . it absorbs a lot of water and its nice and soft . its naturally resistant to bacteria and durable .
these are adorable bibs . they work very well at protecting my daughter's clothes , and are easy to clean with a damp washcloth .
my 2 year old hasn't been able to figure them out yet , so naturally , we're sold ! he pretty much ignores them now . yay !
breathable and cute ! i gave these to two new mommas to use for a weekend and both enjoyed the swaddlers .
love this pacifier clip . it attaches to pretty much any pacifier out there unlike the ones with the velcro ends . it even holds his sophie teether beautifully .
stays stuck to highchair top , catches food well but my son has a harder time getting food out of the bowl - that should come with time though
easy to put on . we use them on our kitchen drawer and on our dresser drawers . easy to unlock and relock as well .
i've used these bottles with all my kids and i've never had issues with them . they are also a breeze to clean and make bottles with .
we couldn't get these to work any of our cabinets because of the way they were bent . we installed them on our cabinet drawers with no problem though .
super easy to set up , comes assembled for the most part and you just stick it up where you want it .
super cute - it was a gift and was very well received ! went well with the rest of our owl-themed gift for the baby's forest friends themed nursery .
we needed sheets for the porta crib at the daycare . it fits perfectly . so far the sheet has held up well .
my kids love this and so do i . i like that it has a wipeable interior and is spacious for the various things we store in it .
you don't need this . save your money and use a ziploc bag . fits less packages filled up than shown in the picture .
adorable and hold a lot more than a little kid could carry . good amount of pockets . my son likes it .
this is changing pad is great . it goes with our mattress . we are very please with the serta products . buy with confidence .
the organizer is really good , with good size to store 10 to 12 bags of breastmilk.the cover protects the contact with other meals and smells .
product is diversified , well made and very nice colorit serves multiple options and safety factor is welladdressed in the construction .
perfect for teething babies ! so fun & colorful ! i get so many compliments on it . i also have the bracelet . love these items !
i lost this part to my pump and after placing the order i received it the next day at no additional cost ! great service .
these bags smell soooo good . i always look forward to using them when on the go . definitely gets the job done . highly recommend .
very good fit , good quality and well made , color is light and crisp . washes well and stays true to size .
highly recommend these nipple shields for protection of your nipple but also for babies that are between the breast and bottle feeding . it's clears the nipple confusion instantly .
this fits great in our dishwasher . the product takes up much less room than the baskets and is great for sippy cup parts .
used for toys and teething rings ! she didn't take a pacifier but i am so glad i had these on hand for other purposes .
easy to take wherever an is well made by boppy , also has a nice side pocket that works for little odds and ends 1
these do the job . i would recommend to any nursing mom . they are much more comfortable than the paper / disposable ones .
these wipes are ok , they are not very soft . i perfer huggies wipes over these . will never buy them again .
i love this sponge and want more ! my son loves it . i will buy again . it is great . i love it .
a great value . i bought one set and it's lasted me over 6 months . my baby girl had no issues with these
great for use as burp cloths . i don't use them as diapers . but they do work for my needs as burp cloth .
the angle is hangs makes it hard to put things into it . we have a chicco echo stroller .
these bibs are high quality and our 18mo old is crazy about elmo and anything sesame street . they wash well , too .
these are a must for a teething 6 month old ! worth every penny so the ergo and i aren't soaked in drool !
this is a perfect little toy to distract a fussy baby and provide musical entertainment with flashing lights . great for keeping in a travel diaper bag !
these is cute and soft , but a little loose on pad . hopefully with washes it seems nice and fitted on pad .
perfect for toddlers eating on their own but with lots of collateral damage ! stains come clear with oxyclean . great product for messy , saucy food .
i loved the design , is original , many people have told me this really cool , i really recomended , very usefull take it
love this cribawsome price for a great product . the color is beautiful and it's super sturdy.very easy to assemble .
i use this everyday , and it looks so good on my counter . it has a lot of space to put many bottles , spoons , and bowls .
nice to have the handles , but it's a little tipy for our little guy . however , easy to remove and clean .
lo seems to like the free-flow a lot more than the regular pacifiers , they are spit out a lot less often .
bought two of these for my kids convertible toddler cribs . there soft and very cute . once you wash them there even softer .
i purchased this to go with the la baby wooden high chair . it makes the seat more comfy for my grandson , and it wipes clean easily .
these are the best blankets . they just get softer with each wash . my toddler has one and i want another for my older child !
these work wonderfully but i highly recommend buying aftermarket adhesive , as the adhesive strips that come with these does not last long at all .
this thing works great ! it puts baby into lalaland . what more can i say ?
this baby monitor is perfect for the price . the only con is not having a two way audio system . anyway it works and has a good range .
these are great spoons for toddler training . they are easy to hold and food stays in the spoon fairly well.cute and colorful as well .
these liners are so useful especially if you do not have a diaper sprayer . i just wish they didn't bunch up like they do .
my three-month-old son loves these rings … they are so bright and well-made – everything is adorable and the textures are great .
great . you can see the entire inside of the car with this mirror . crystal clear . easy to attach . good product .
makes my car seat look nicer , the only downfall is that it is just cotton so any spills or accidents can still get to the car seat .
very cute , but my son who is 6 months old doesn't seem as interested in it as i thought . maybe when he gets a little older .
i'm happy with this purchase . it is good looking , works well with the stroller and provides enough room to stick a blanket inside as well .
this little guy packs a big punch . lots of features that we use often . good value . would buy again .  .
i bought two and when it worked , it worked great . but somehow they both got a leak a week a apart .
soft and durable great for swaddling . love the fact they're girly without tons of pink . arrived quickly and packaged nicely .
these burp rags are very soft and cute . the only thing i would like different about it is a little bigger as babies can have pretty big throw-ups !
these bibs are of correct size and easy to remove too ... it looks good even after many washing .. worth of money .
these are super strong and work perfectly on our britax b-agile stroller . we've been very happy with them and recommend them for daily use !
just thick enough to be good padding for when the baby takes a spill , but not so think as to be a tripping hazard .
this is ok for baby . hard to put baby in and out of it . keeps baby entertained for little while .
bag is very sturdy beautiful and has so many compartment i love this bag and people always ask me where i got it from ... i highly recommend this bag
pacifiers come with cover , which is great because kids drop stuff and so do parents ! cute colors and stylish designs .
we have lost a few and broken a few . i was sure glad that the membranes could be ordered . very pleased .
i wish i could return it . instead i'm going to try and sell it on a facebook cloth diaper exchange page !
works great , we love them ! used with green mountain prefold diapers and thirsties duo wrap cover with snaps it is a great way to start cloth diapering .
we've only had it for two months so far but we really like it . it's comfortable for the little one and fits nicely in a small suv .
make sure you don't take the wrapper off until you have figured out which way to put it into the pail .
size 2 was very helpful with our baby and eating . however she may be ready for size 3 before 6 months
these blankets are soft and i like the prints and colors . but they do fade quite a bit after just one wash .
i was worried that this would be difficult to use . i am pleasantly impressed with how easy this is to clean and pop the cubes out of .
these are great for my toddler . he can hold his fork so much more easily with the use of these .
the hole in these spouts tend to expand , causing the liquid to go everywhere ... now i have a back-up for when my little one needs it .
just as described . works well , good quality . needs replacing when child is teething and i will replace with same product .
we wanted the microwave as opposed to the electric sterilizer because it was cheaper and more portable . it worked fast and great .
super easy to assemble , matched perfect with other nursery furniture ( of a different brand ) , is sturdy and has lots of storage space !
... and they wash well too . i have some from this company that are on kid # 3 and do not look tired .
i use these as cloth wipes since we cloth diaper . i really like them and i will probably order more .
bought these for several houses and they are perfect for our needs - fit snugly and not easy for a child to remove .
they are ok for regular drooling . my child is a major spiter after taking a bottle . i wish they were a little thicker .
i liked that it supports by baby and keeps her comfortable but specially i like the material is smooth on one side and reversible for hotter days
these are perfect toy bins . the are really cute and a nice size . hold a lot of toys and great for a lot of rooms / spaces .
great stroller ! pros-moved wellnice breakgreat for uneven surfacesheavy dutysingle to doublecons-very heavytakes up whole trunkfoam belly bar fragileover all , i love it !
our baby got out of every other swaddle blanket we tried--the miracle blanket was the only one that could keep him in !
would be a mice product if not battary life . it doesnt last even through the night ! how you supposed to use it ? ? ?
you won't have to worry about strangulation or dirty binky . just need to remember to remove it when the baby sleeps so it won't poke him .
these were really thin and not very absorbent for bathtime . i did end up using them for spit up covers or light blankets when it wasn't cold .
should suit for the baby in coming 6 months . and the color looks like so cuite , i just like it .
wanted something for when my grandchild visits and this is perfect .. not too big and it does not take up a lot of room . nice color too
good product , usefull ! ! ! buy it if you are looking for quality to your life ; soft and easy to use it .
i love this little monkey ! the passy atually come with it and it is permantly attached ! my son lov monkeys they are his favorite ! ! !
didn't work for engorgement but it's comfortable to put those things on after heating them . didn't try cold version yet .
easy to wash , easy to use . bpa free is a good thing.they ' re just spoons .
i like the prints and material . however , they shrank at an odd angle after wash and are no longer rectangular . makes folding them a pain ..
we love this diaper pail . it's really easy to use and it keeps the odor in really well . will purchase again .
very nice product . teethers are as shown in the picture . my baby loves all the different textures on the ring .
last time i had the one with the foot petal to open but this one is still simple and easy to use . love it
it is very comfortable to use , just that for our tropical weather both my girl and me will be soaked in perspiration .
my teething baby tried to eat the little paper slips that go into the circles . she really didn't seem to care for the toy at all .
perfect addition to our pack and play since our little one isn't sleeping through the night and he has out grown his bassinet .
i like this because it was easy to assemble and it adjusts from recline to seated covering ages newborn to two years .
easy to install and easy for adults to remove . have had zero problems with baby removing them so far . good price for the amount recieved .
such a cute pacifier chain , holds up to my son , and stays on his clothing couldn't ask for anything more !
this fabric does the job , it is easy to attach but should be thicker . wish that the color purple was available .
on the go with the formula the rond 1 give 3 compartment i put for 4oz 6oz and 8ozand i love it
got as a gift and love love love them . my 6 month old plays with all the time , very creative make .
i have had it for less than a month and so far i am happy with it .
does what it intends to does , a helpful playtoy for the baba so the pacifier stays on.wish the pictures are better
i love this , it holds a tons of my sons toys and stays on the wall . its nice to have my shower shelf back
i bought this for my medela freestyle so i could leave a plug at work . it works great and is far cheaper than the name brand .
the different sound choices are good , but the projector stopped working after only a couple of months , and pushing the projector button resets the sound .
we've tried several pacifiers , and these are the best for staying put in my daughter's mouth . they're her favorite , too :) .
these are great and even for bath since they have the little holes at the bottom to drain water . my son loves them
these are the only spoons that work well for my two year old . all other spoons are either too tiny or two big .
better than most . we send these off to daycare as they are cheap and we do not care if they get lost . solid bib .
amazing ! work so well ! ! don't bother with any of the others ! we used for granite window ledge , night stands and coffee tables !
purchased this for my nephew's 2nd birthday . the review from his mom was that it was a great bath toy & he still loved it months later .
i bought this because it was the right size for one bottle . but it's thin and doesn't keep cold for very long . few hrs tops .
cute . only complaints is that the crank to wind up the mobile wakes up a baby that youre trying to put to sleep .
100 % awesome product i had never heard of this but friends recommended so we tried it and wow this is a fantastic product
the changing pad liners are very absorbent , washes well and fabric is soft and comfortable ... much better than disposable pads . highly recommend .
it is pretty flimsy but it gets the job done well , so long as you don't move it around much . if you do , it'll fall apart .
it will leak if left on its side but this cup is very cute and works really well . it's the perfect size for little hands and mouths .
this is one of my favorite baby products that i have purchased for my daughter . they are cute , cuddly , and durable .
looks adorable in my kitchen with the boon rack ! i've even recommended it to my girlfriends . it makes my kitchen look so much brighter .
i love it ! it is very cute . it unzips from the bottom for easier diaper changes .
i bought this for my 1 1/2 year old niece and she absolutely loves it ! ! ! it also teaches children to use their motor skills ! !
gave this to my kid at about 8 months . she was nonplussed . she is now over a year , and still isn't into it .
very soft , nice size for a wipe . will purchase more if needed . should work well as washcloths as well . nice product .
solid , nice quality . baby is too small to use it when potty but she figured out to use the stool to reach things !
so happy to find a more environmentally friendly storage bag . seals good and haven't had any issues ! won't be using anything else .
the quality is not the same . thin . scratchy . spent more and get the classic ones . size is smaller too ugh
i actually bought these to replace the hanging toys on our play mat and they are great ! so colorful and interesting !
cannot live without this pillow . it fits around your waist for perfect height for feeding . whomever designed this deserves an award .
sticks to the surface , dishwasher safe , microwave safe and after 2.5 years of almost daily use it is pretty much as new . good buy
it's nice and soft but unfortunately , didn't fit the pad i bought for the changing table .
its a nice way to teach alphabet to your kids . my daughter loves to stick them on the bath tub .
this is a great product . i love these and they are easy for my daughter to use . i will definitely get more !
this is very helpful when drawing a bath for my little one . i always know when the temp is perfect .
this doorway jumper sits funny to one side tilting . i don't love this and wouldn't buy it if i could do it over .
i like this sippy cup but it came in pink and i specifically ordered blue for my son . i was not satified with this product because of this .
this is a nice decorative cover for the tub . it's a nice solid mold and looks fairly durable . recommended for decor .
baby like it a lot . she like to watch herself in the mirror , and also like the monkey with long tail .
good length and size for my big 6 month baby . lightweight cotton sack keeps him comfortable over pajamas during summer months without using a blanket .
so soft love the bunny theme . not really sure how long it will last or hold up under daily use but so far so good .
too big for car seat - works okay to dangle from a swing . doesn't jitter or pull down which was the point for me .
this item came on time and fits just right . i wish the straps to anchor the pad were a little longer . but overall very good .
i bought this for my 6 week old for car rides . i am disappointed in the sound . this device is not loud enough .
my has liked to chew on these spoons since he was 5 months old . i recommend making sure they don't end up in the dishwasher
soft , durable , pretty , and good quality . love this and use them all the time . i will order more for sure as these wear off .
i would have given 5 if there was support for the hip to distribute the weight more even . best value for money
each creature has a different noise maker in it . it's funny to watch our son try and reach through the plastic to grab the clam .
great colors and love the jitter you get when you pull the string 1 just love the lamaze products ! great choice 1
these bottles are great and hence the nipples are perfect . you can see the air going back into the bottle and away from the baby mouth .
comotomo bottles are so wonderful . our baby loves them . plus , the silicone is soft to the touch and super easy to clean .
have been using for about 2 weeks and works great ! was very easy to install also . i installed in about 5 minutes .
this is a simple but perfect tool for the job . good quality , right shape , and it does the trick . buy this brush .
my daughter loved it ! ! ! it was one of the best things i ever got for her
easy to open , easy to attach to pretty much anything , easy to clean , holds two pacifiers and keeps them clean during travel .
this was a bit of a splurge , but i love this product ! it matches all of our other oxo products we love !
make sure to purchase you one of these ... it helps to keep the seat cooler than the car temp so less chance of your little one getting a burn
it's good and your kids will absolutely no be able to open it ... neither will you until you figure it out ... easy to use once you do .
no hard edges , nice colors , easy to grip for mom and dad . some of the best baby spoons out there .
love this wearable blanket ! beautiful print and colors ! love that its not blah looking . soft , roomy and comfy for my baby .
this product really covers the toilet set well . there is no part of the seat exposed even the front cover .
my husband loves his diaper bag , tons of pockets , good organization and comfortable feel .
great quality for the price . no sense in paying a fortune for the small amount of time they use it . my granddaughter loves it .
absolutely love this and so does my son . it's easy to put together and came on time . it's amazing , we love it
my son liked it he thought this snack keeper is a toy but the good thing he can eat from that toy . i absolutely recommand it .
stunk like chemicals ! was able to wash out the smell , didn't shrink , cheaply made but was cheap to buy so you get what you pay for !
it's cute , it's gender neutral , it's a footstool . it arrived on time and just the way i expected . what else could you want ? !
this is great for teething , my little one loved it and still does at almost 15 months old . highly recommend !
deep dish and made in the usa . love it . beautiful pink color . i wish it can use in microwave
i really like the nipple brush . also it's made of sponge , so it doesn't make scratches on the plastic bottles .
my grandson enjoys playing with this table . he loves trying to chase the balls as they go down into the table .
this bibs are great for matching the outfits , and preventing the drool from going through . for eating the baby needs the plastic ones .
this is a well made washcloth . i can tell the difference with other washcloth . very happy with this purchase . must have for mothers
the double-sided tape was not enough to keep it attached to the edges of our raised tile foyer . abandoned it's use within 2 weeks .
easy learning how to use silverware with these ! my nephew is 2 years old and these are easy to buy , and use a few times and throw out
as good as diaper genie brand . no broken bags so far in 3 months using these on toddler size diapers . excellent value .
very poor quality i don't recommend it at all instead by the boon squeeze spoon .. worked pretty well for me ...
these are great stacking cups ! especially for the price ! there are tiny holes in the bottom to allow fluids , etc . escape .
perfect for small spaces - not a lot of space in side compartments - would rather have 3 spaces for diapers but perfect for my needs .
these keep our little one out of our cabinets . they do what they're supposed to .
she has plenty space when she hangs her purse in above device , not only that ! ! ! is very practical as well
it's a really soft and comfortable blanket with cute pattern ! i covered my baby a lot with it during the winter months and it kept him really warm !
these were a perfect fit for my baby's thick mattress . it didn't show gaps on the side at all . will buy again .
this is a very nice medium weight blanket . it was a great price and i am very happy with it .
this is a good product . it certainly makes my cloth diapering experience easier . they really hold diapers in place . i look forward to more colors !
we got the dinosaur , the bee , and the owl set . my daughter loves them and so do i . they're sturdy , resilient and cute .
it was a nice surprise that my little lady enjoyed these simply designed teethers . these are used on a daily basis !
my kid sucks these things like crazy . i tried it , i don't know what all the hype is about , it was boring .
works great protecting your changing pad , but i wish it did not move around so easily .
easy to install and love the colors but baby boy does not seem to be too interested in it , o-k
simple and functional . my toddler can now easily wash his hands without my help and does not get water everywhere ! i wish i had thought of this !
love these ! they stick super good , have never had to reapply them . they block the sun great too . these are definitely a great buy !
the design of the spoon is very good . but it's a little coloration when i use this to scoop fruit paste .
work just as well as the medela tubes that came with the pump . good price and nice to change out tubes every once in a while .
this is well made and is nicely cushioned to hold baby semi upright while being worn in the baby carrier .
very nice spoons , but maybe too flexible sometimes especially if heated . ( ie if sterilize , it changes shape ) it may retain different shapes if bend .
these truly are the most snug and the best swaddles for a newborn ... and they are awfully cute to boot :)
great item . i gave this as a baby shower gift and was told that it was a great item to have when having a new baby .
perfect touch to my little one's first birthday . everyone loved the lady bugs . everything held up great and all but the bib could be used again .
good - does what it should . fun for the kid to play with when not in use . fun colors and creatures .
this works perfectly on our toliet at home and we bought a spare for daycare . works great for our 3 - year old son .
works great , but i'm not convinced the cubes are actually a full ounce . seem smaller than another tray i have with 1 ounce servings .
not very happy . didn't stick well , stay on well , or block the whole window . spend a few more bucks on a better item .
keeps the smell contained and works well in the nursery , aesthetically pleasing . very good price and refill bags are affordable . prefer this over the diaper genie .
cute baby pants with very soft material , easy on baby's skin , not plastic . no leaks yet , so far so good .
they do stick to the table , but the lids are hard to get on . seem like they would warp easily .
this was great for helping my son transition from the nuk bottle to a sippy cup ! it even dripped less than the bottle did
diapers are clean , and no rashes yet . seems like a small bag , but it really stretches . one bag has lasted us three months .
it does pretty amazing for it size .. 100 % safe for your little one it's light enough to put everywhere plus the clamp it's pretty stout ..
my daughter loves them ! she is now almost 11 months and has played with them since she was born ... and isn't tired of them yet !
the baby is due in may and my childcare will begin in july . the design is very cute and i have pre-washed it .
bought this for my little baby , who seems to like it much . very good quality material . can't recommend this nipple enough .
these bowls are great as your child can't pick them up and toss them on the ground as they stick to the table
it's an excellent item for its price . fit perfectly my stroller . i only wish it would have a little more ventilation .
we love our diaper genie . it is a must have and a great shower gift . wouldn't be without it . they really work .
design is good , but the material of it is not very good , it's a little thin 。 3 more words required .
a must have for a spring or summer baby . love the size for swaddling and not too hot . very breathable .
my six month old daughter seems to like this book . i like that it's cloth and can be cleaned easily . she likes the bright colors and textures .
i struggled with the many options out there and finally settled on the sprout cups . i made the right decision . the 2 sizes are working great .
highly recommend use with mattress . bed still remains firm but makes the bed so much more cozy and i wouldn't have a baby mattress without the waterproof cover .
it really keeps my baby's head in a good position in the rocker , especially when she was less than two months old .
i finally got the mattress cover , washed it per the instructions ... and it shrunk ! could barely get it on the mattress . very disappointing .
large mirror.fits backseats in both cars . clear--unlike some of the other baby mirrors that look warped.this was by far the best i saw in the stores .
it hides some of your skin but not the aerola so what's the point ? if your baby lets go then the nipple is exposed too .
used it for more than 4 months and still as good as new . the quality is really good.cheaper if you get this thoughhttp :/ / www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00433oqo6/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8=1789=390957=b00433oqo6=as2=travguid0ca-20
this gate is great . it's well made and very sturdy . easy to operate one handed but the little ones can't open it .
this changing pad cover is really soft and the colors are beautiful . it is a great product . i definitely recommend it
bought this for my baby to match some of his outfits . this brand was the only one i saw that worked with the pacifiers we bought .
great lightweight portable baby booster for home and eating out . easy to clean and take on and off the chair .
my baby lived it carried everywhere with her we would attach it to her stroller and carrier it made her smile and she loved playing with it
the changing pad gets the job done but could be just a tad bit thicker for baby's comfort . the wipes case also falls out easily .
we use these for cleaning toys when we're out and about . it's a very convenient product and i would recommend it for parents of infants and toddlers .
philips avent is the only satisfying pacifier for my baby girl . she does not like any of the other brand pacifiers .
the sticky pads that hold the base onto the side of my dresser didn't stay sticky for long , and my son was able to pull them off .
awesome value as it includes two swaddlers in side , one in each color . easy to use and very soft . impressive gift for your baby !
the baby turtle winds the music and you can hear it play . it's sweet and simple and we love it .
easy to install , perfect color and they keep my daughter from sticking her arms and legs through the slats in her crib .
this gate does not keep enough pressure to stay in place , my toddler can knock it right over w / little effort .
this baby carrier has a nice price , but it's not very supportive , and it generally hurts my back when i carry my baby in it .
my daughter prefers the nipples so we don't use it too much . i think these are way overpriced but oh well ..
i highly recommend this especially for csection . it hold everything together and provides you a more comfortable days post csection
came quickly as expected , quality as expected also ! and works great with my quicksmart portable crib , fits perfectly and seems to be nice and firm !
my nine month old tries to teeth on them but quickly looses interest , so they work great for us so far . they wash great too .
these work great but they are a little costly for underwear . they catch the pee and i like that the patterns can be used for boys or girls .
i love the 3 sprouts line for their cute animals and their sturdy storage pieces . they are good quality for the price .
keeps baby busy and occupied - baby usually hates being in the car seat but is happy as soon as these are within reach
it's super cute but the stitching on the belly came apart within the first week even though my baby barely used it .
these are very good bottles ... easy to clean and assemble ... but not a good a dr . browns at preventing colic ...
theses are nice prefolds but a bit bulky for my liking . while i think they are a good value , they are too large for my petite baby .
i used it twice only , because my son allergic to it . i think is the plastic which he allergic to , so i never use it again .
these bibs are so practical for toddlers . they wipe clean and can be thrown in the wash and are great .
cute enough so my boy like it , still didn't get full advantage of the color identification , but just a matter of time .
great idea in the first place ! its easy to wash and super handy ! i only bought one but need to stock up on a few more !
i like these bottles because they are easy to use and easy to clean . they are the perfect size to throw in a diaper bag as well .
new grandson loves this bouncer ! he's just now beginning to watch the snow but the music and vibration already holds his attention and makes him a happy boy !
these are very hard to get on and off the bottles . making washing and sanitizing them a big pain . ughh .
looks adorable but not opening cuz will be a gift . shipped and arrived quickly as it was supposed to . cute
for some reason i was expecting more . this is nothing more than a plastic pair of tweezers . i have better aim with a qtip
looks perfect except it's too big . doesn't fit into my dr browns or medela standard size bottles . would probably work for wide-neck bottles .
you can put these little guys everywhere to freshen things up . i love them ! i actually put like 3 in the bottom of the diaper pail .
this mirror scratches a little easily but otherwise it is great for my son to carry around and look in and point to the pictures on the opposite side .
this is a horrible dresser . we haven't even had it a year and have to replcae it . the screws come loose and the drawers fall apart .
was not magic for my baby . i wouldn't use in the summer--it is too thick and would be too hot .
so soft and fits the changing pad well , even has cut outs for the changing pad straps . only wish i would have got more than one .
the material could be ticker is more like a plastic material but i do like the color combinations and the bags outside the bag
purchased these to distract / calm our baby who hates being in his car seat .
we and the baby like it . it was easy to install and it is clear enough to see the baby .
i am not sure why , but the baby does really does like this little doll . guess she is really into labels .
this toy has definitely kept my son entertained . the problem is that it does not stick to the tray as stated in the information .
this spout cover looks adorable in our son's bath tub . it is thick rubber and seems like it will hold up for more than one kid .
this is great for a newborn baby . it makes giving a bath so much easier because the baby can hang out in the sling . highly recommended .
good value . although the craftsmanship seem to be a bit questionable , but you get what you pay for . considering it didn't cost that much ...
i love nuk products ... baby is able to drink out of this cup by himself ? .. great beginners cup . i have 3 of these cups ,
i bought these spoons and the munchkin soft tip spoons . these are shallow and are perfect for beginning eaters . i recommend them .
my daughter loves " drinking " the milk and then having it refill.she also learned to say juice due to this .
wipes are small , not very absorbent , and ripped in 1st wash , i actually have been using vivo paper towel , works much better .
i like this pacigrip , it is simple but easy to use and very useful . the purple color is very nice . i am happy with the purchase .
so nice works great ! was pleased to see at my grandsons birth that it was what the hospital used , must have !
i bought this for our son and it is great on his car seat ! worth the money !
we are using this for our baby girl's hamper . i like that the top springs back into place , the padded handles , and the cute colors .
my three month old loves this mobile , especially the baby face image . i ordered other items from this manufacturer because she loves them so much .
it works great and i like how it folds up ... just wish the legs were closer together so it wasn't so big .
i love how convenient it is to use . the sturdy edge allows me to look at baby and allows air flow . great price and value
these bumpers serve their purpose . can be a pain at time to keep in place as they tend to slip and slide everywhere but overall good purchase .
this skirt fits the crib perfectly and is just what i wanted . highly recommend it if you want a pop of red in your nursery .
these are so great for peace of mind ! no chemicals and our kid loves them for naps and bed times .
well made plastic product ... works exactly as described when used properly - and they include plenty of instructions to be able to do so on your own .
i love this . very nice fabric . the design goes great with my noah's ark theme of my nursery . i recommend this product .
we have a small car and this helped the car seat to not touch the front seats . love it !
doesn't form a perfect seal , but is still very helpful for a 1 - year old child . works better than the rinse-cups i've tried .
i like this cup ... it just drives me bananas that it isn't spill proof . but thanks for including the straw cleaner .
my friend was / is happy w / the cradle . it wasn't for me , it was a gift . great product ! great experience at amazon.com .
fits the mattress of my graco pack n ' play , which is all i wanted it to do . seems of sufficient quality for the price .
this bag is adorable , it has done a good job of keeping liquids inside , but is a bit small for the price .
my daughter loves these bottles ! the grip helps her hold it and not get to hot from the glass . they are totally worth the money .
i used these bottles for my son when he was younger and they were great . i will use this same brand for any future babies i have .
this 2 pack allows us to put one in our car , and one in grandmas car . was a good deal
i like to keep lots of these on hand . make sure you pick the colors you want if you are picky .
i haven't noticed any shrinking as i read in other complaints . only some minor fading and relaxing of the elastic after two years of use .
great crib . looks beautiful . it certainly looks like an expensive crib but it's a great price . i am very happy with this purchase .
in this kit we have everiting in a bag , but the quality is low .
this is very compact and light weight . we have already used it twice at home , when we had guests come over - sits well on the chair
love this thing ! it keeps me private and it is super cute . i am always getting complimented by jealous moms .
picked the shirt for my girls school celebration of dr . seuss ' birthday . they are of good quality . would buy again .
i bought these for baby shower gifts the moms were all very happy to recieve them and i've heard back that they work really well ...
this cutlery set is good . fits well in toddlers hands . washes well in dishwasher . fork can stab food without being sharp . happy with purchase .
these are great . exactly what you want in a changing pad - very absorbent , hold up to multiple washings , and soft . i highly recommend these .
these are adorable prints , i actually cut them up to make a larger toddler sized quilt . it turned out beautifully .
i washed this fitted play yard sheet twice and it is already falling apart on the quilted side . very disappointed .
they are priced high but they are worth the money . very soft and thin but still great for any season .
i was expecting it to be a little bigger than a tennis ball , but it has lived through some chewing and even more throwing .
certainly does the job . after six months , i will say it's starting to wear out just a bit . i would recommend it .
u might think u don't need it , but once in your house , u will c how space it save , manage and organize ur bottles
nice gift for a baby shower for people who are often on the go in the summer heat with family .
imho this is really their signature product - lightweight breathable fabric , generously oversized , and multi functional . wish they were cheaper but still totally worth it !
we use these to freeze purees . they are wonderful . top rack dishwasher safe & haven't retained any smells so far . love the lids
with out this item , i could not pump at all since i work out of my car . works great and makes things so convenient !
the product is ok , i prefer the playtex sippy cup , it seems easier for my son to handle .
got this because the kid is transferring to cups.it works , but still spills.worth it ? dont know .
it serves its purpose . i wish there are more compartments at the bottom of the mat for storage . price is reasonable .
the rattle is super cute , soft and plush . i'm confident that baby girl will love it once she is here .
nice sound options . movement is side to side instead of circular which makes it jerky a little as it reaches the outermost positions
was purchased as a gift . heard from our friends that the baby liked the toys and plays with them often .
too small for the bassinet cushion .. was expecting it to cover the entire bassinet pad . for the money i guess it's just " ok " .
it clearly serves the purpose , it fits tight on to the plugs and after 1 month of use , my baby has not even removed one .
if you use dr brown bottles you know you need these and they wear out so its good to have extra , it does its job lol
these bowls are easy to use for my toddler . she doesn't tip them over easily . they are also easy to clean .
fits perfect , so easy to switch the car seat we have from one car to another . easy to install as well
i like the idea of this but it doens't stay unrolled and my daughter still can move it around on the table .
still using this mattress sheet and it has kept its shape and washed well . it's soft and cushy and the baby loves it .
this shelf is perfect . very cute and easy to assemble - comes with the hardware . looks great too ! great addition to any kids rooms .
fits well with some extra space with our umbrella stroller to use while traveling . i like that it is bright red and seems very durable .
the cover is very stiff . my baby had red markings around her legs after wearing this . might work for skinny legs , but not for my baby .
it works best after using some johnson baby oil to soften the stuff inside the nose . work fast as well .
this product is leak-free and helps with gas . she feeds more relaxed and does not throw-up her milk after like she did with other brands .
this adapter works great between our b-safe car seat and our 4 wheel city mini . snaps securely in place and is easy to do .
fantastic for quick expression . i bought it for my sister and misobrino and quite liked it , it's worth doing his job and
i am so happy with this product it is just as good as the name brand and at least half the price . got a great deal :)
after about 6 months , i noticed a crack along the bottom - threw it out . but while we were using it , it was cute and fun .
i think it is very well designed , especially to carry comfortably anywhere , is very strong and i had no problems to install on any table
the cover is soft , easy to clean and has lasted two years and is still going strong with baby number two !
for what it is , it's decent . not fancy , not crappy , but it works as intended . you won't lose if you buy this one .
they get wet but keep the paint on and teeth marks out . and washable is always a must for mommies
my kid hates brushing his teeth but at least this product has a good taste to it that helped the whole nightly process go smoother .
very cute , stable enough not to tip over easily and perfect for little hands . i love it and recommend it .
impossible to fillimpossible to secure covernightmare to cleanoverpricedridiculous productreturned for a refundamazon has awesome customer service and refund policies but stay away from this product
once you figure out how to put it in the car , its easy to set up , use and transfer when needed .
these things are great ! they make diaper changes easy and quick . so much better than using pins . they clean up nice , too !
i got this as a baby shower present . my baby loves this . it's sounds are very soothing , and she loves watching the animals move .
my daughter loves this piano . i know she is awake when i hear her playing it . very great buy for a good price ! ! !
couldn't have asked for a better baby's first halloween costumer ! i'll always keep it in our memory box . fit wonderfully .
for its price it is great and i am using it everyday . it is easy to clean . i use it for bottles and my breast pump accessories
i like freestyle pump , and this thing is good for me when i go to work . it easy to clean and setting up .
just what we needed for our toddler . not bulky . just enough to keep him from rolling over . fits nicely under sheets .
i like this product but be careful to use after three months and please be careful with the thimble like application it can potentionally be a choking hazard
my baby enjoyed playing with it for a little while but got bored easily with it . maybe she will enjoy it in a few more months , hopefully
it looks good and covered the changing pad . not much else needed in that department although it make me type 5 more words
it arrived fast , it was easy to install and easy to use , i can finally feel safe .
great product ! ! ! we ordered two 2 bar extensions and one autoclose gate.we love it ! we have a 48 - inch hallway and it fits perfectly .
i live in a sunny place and this product cuts out so much glare . i love it .
everyone woman i know compliments on my hooter hider ... they forget im breastfeeding or pumping while i wear it , lol .
durable , multi-use tool . the spongy tip is great and keeps the bottles from being damaged if the brush was just all bristle .
okay cup not great ... it leaks most of the time spout is not that good as it was suppose to be .
these are great , they were the only pacifiers my newborn would take . they hold up good and are easy to disinfect .
durable and the kid loves to play with it and the silicone catch plate is nice so as he is learing he doesnt wear half of his meal ;
love these for keeping my kids out of the pantry and the laundry room with the drink fridge ! super easy to install and use .
it was too big and saggy . plus , its really ugly hanging from the corner of a room . i'll have to figure out something else .
arrived pretty quickly and was just as described . fits my daughter's mattress very snugly . i've washed it a few times already and it's holding up very well .
well made quality , however , the shields are a tight fit for my pump in style set up , but it does still work .
i'm a big diy baby food advocate . we ordered this with the pouches and use it all the time , yay .
it's a good size diapering kit . 21 " by 24 " and is padded . the plastic wipes case is a bonus .
really had all the bells and whistles . it really had everything you want for your babies first toy and definitely a good buy
i have both cribs and use this crib cover on both of them . easy to wash and doesn't look tacky like the cheap plastic ones .
they are a good deal , don't hold odors and fit well and give a good amount of growing room . i have bought 2 different sizes .
this is a pretty great design . keeps my small bathroom more organized inside the teeny vintage medicine cabinet . super easy to clean too .
ordered these bottles and am very happy with my purchase . they ar bpa free and today that is a biggie . will definately buy again .
my hubby put it together is less than 2 hours . it's a bit difficult to put together but is really solid once it's up !
still use this with my 2 1/5 year old , fun for the kids to play with and test the water before putting them in .
cute rattle , kind of heavy for my 4 month old , but eventually she will be able to play with it
great price for the silicone tubing , durable , and very easy to use and disinfect if you use the medela microwave disinfection bags
my 5 month old loves it but when i tried to clean it with water , the water got in the rattle part . not very good quality rattle
it's great and just the right amount of extension you need . it's a rubber material and fits fine over our spout we bought two
like it much ! very portable with hook . wish it has locking mechanism so my baby wont turn it off accidentally .
it is very cute , however , it tends to loosen up too easily .
i bought two - one for home , one for sitter . waterproof and easy to wash . the pocket catches everything and the size is perfect .
love this diaper . it looks just like the picture and works really well . alva isn't my favorite pocket diapers but i couldn't pass this one up lol .
this changing pad cover fits securely and is very soft . perfect for the babies room . very delicate to the touch .
love the swaddleme blankets , they are perfect to wrap baby up in inside the house , that way baby is all bundled in a heave blanket and uncomfortable .
my wife and i even the baby enjoy the convertible car sear . recommend it to have you baby will compensate wth a beautiful smile
these are wonderful ! they are very thick , so they don't crack easily if dropped like other plates do . very well made and perfect size for kids !
this didnt come in time . i had to return i got one in stores with a similar design . based on design i like this oroduct .
this was " the " pacifier for my son . we couldn't go anywhere without it , it was his # 1 necessity . no other paci would do .
the spoon has a very good quality , suitable for small children , my kids really like it , my choice is smart.thank you
my son is not a fan of these pacis . they are large for him . ( he is 2 months old ) . he loves the mam pacis .
exactly as depicted ... like the mesh liner that is removable . have been using for approx 4 weeks now and have had no problems .
i think that grins and giggles is the best smelling baby product so far . i highly recommend the milk and honey !
our bottles came with a couple of these , but we needed more for traveling . they arrived quickly in great condition .
these were a perfect barrier when i had to use desitin :( with our cloth diapers . we had no issues flushing them
these are really soft and great for baby . much better deal than the pack they sell in stores as well !
after purchasing these i saw another brand wirh smaller rings in a set this id sort of big for a baby mouth
its bigger than i thought but its super adorable ! i really like the mirror inside . looking forward to seeing my baby play with this !
the colors are fun for the baby . the shape is hard for his mouth size but i think it will become easier as he gets bigger .
it's so beautiful . i love it . and i recommended it to my friends . i think my girl will love it , too .
i should have listened to the other reviews . i had this for three months and have yet to use it .
fits well on the baby jogger . tilts a little forward but not enough for stuff to fall out . folds flat with the strolled
bought this bag for my boy twins toys to take to grandmas . super cute , really durable and well made ! love it !
like the way is set up . easy to install and very safe for kids and for parents step ahead of preventive an accident .
my son loves the lansinoh line of products . these nipples flow just enough for him that he is sucking to hard or getting drowned by milk .
i like this bottle but unfortunetly ive had a hard time finding extra sippy nipples for it .. my son loves trying to feed himself
i bought the whole set and it is adorable , great quality good for boy or girl , defin recommend to friends .
perfect size and easy to clean . silicone spout is soft and cute disney winnie the pooh.baby like it so cute ! !
i love it . it is so cute and comfortable for baby . excellent quality and design . and i got it very quick .
these containers works great and fit in my son's lunch bag , with the right portions of snacks and fruits he needs .
the converter makes it possible to jog with a bob stroller and a chicco carseat safely , knowing that the baby is comfortable .
this projector is ok but with only two pictures and 3 lullablys doesn't have much variety . my son does like it though and we use it regularly
these where nice for the newborn stage but as baby got older i found it to be a waste of money . just use baking soda and essential oils .
sewing controllability status too maligned work spent doing this stuff too , and the remote control ... do not know the intenttoo lazy , but just use unsatisfied .
the sheet fit perfectly on my mini crib mattress . the fabric is very soft and the color is the perfect pale blue .
this bowl is good , but i use a lot , since her daughter was soon discovered how off her , so i can only put them idle .
this is great … it plugs up all types of bath tub drains . it so portable so we bring it with when we travel … .
not so needed in wash dc weather . but this went overseas to europe where the weather is more fuggy and wet and absolutely needed
my grandson has just started holding things and grabbing onto things and this is one of the first things he has held . very durable and soft .
i am on my 2nd child and this helps a lot . the older one chewed all the nipples and these extra parts are necessay.great parts .
love the feel of this sheet and it fits well for the mini crib mattress . you do have to stretch it a little but works well .
it looks great sitting on the kitchen counter and since i only pump once every day , it's sufficient for my bottles and parts .
do not pump without these . they've saved me since returning to work and becoming a slave to my breast pump .
true to size , we're happy with the quality and the sizing . and , it's easy to put on and take off !
my son loves his lion wubbie as we call them ! he uses it as a lovie and a paci ! perfect !
the pacakging was not that good , but the product itself was unharmed.the price / quality is reasonable and i am satisfied with it .
this is exactly as advertised . the material is softer than i expected , but otherwise it has washed well and looks nice . i would purchase it again .
i love this hook ! ! it really helps hold those extra bags when we are shopping . it is very durable and will last forever ! !
covers well for privacy while you are still able to see baby . good quality nursing shawl . fun design .
enough of aden and anais . i love their products ... i have several swaddle blankets and bibs . a great buy . get it !
this is a very cute interactive item , i put this together and easy to do cant wait until grand daughter is big enough to use
very hard ! our baby cried when he fell on it in his crib . we returned this item-definitely not for us . we do not recommend this .
i would not have survived the first few months of motherhood without this . my son loves it and it makes it easy to get work done and shower .
my three month old doesn't like this very much to be honest . the movement isn't enough to keep her enjoying the seat .
wonderful for traveling , by having 3 uses 3 different sizes.very comfortable , functional and safe , easy to use . it's fast . i recommend it 100 % .
i was hoping these would be softer . i bought two of them and they are nice , but not as snugly soft as i hoped .
since before am using this product and it really great to buy this brand . recomended for all to buy it
my baby loves staring at this ! he was 6 weeks when i got it . he is 12weeks now and he still stares at it without fail !
i like it . arrived in time and very covered . i love it it is big and the material is good .
we have used this for the past year and it's still in like new condition ! my daughter plays in it every day . definitely recommend it !
it was fun and easy to put and beautiful to look at . it's simple , classy , and cheap . i like it .
i just got this in the mail yesterday and used it for this morning . it works great ! just as advertised .
the neck support did not support my baby's neck while in the car seat . the baby's head was still tilted .
is really good for the first months very usable when you need pacify your baby on night or day . very recommended
cute bag , the drawstring is awful though . after one wash it stopped working properly . it does hold in moisture though .
this is way better idea than mesh feeder , but it is too easy to open for kids . otherwise i'd love it , because it's easy to clean .
we live in a drafty house and this just didnt cut it and they grow out of it quickly if you get it get early
my little man cannot sleep without this monster ! he calls it his meh . i bought two more just incase anything every happens to it .
my baby is 6 month old.she love it . good product , it's cheaper than other site . that's enough.it ' s easy to grip .
matched my nursery and works well . very happy with this purchase and bought a second to rotate them out for laundry . :)
soft , easy for kids to take on and off , and a great transition for after cloth diapers . cute to boot !
came very dirty . was not happy and when i called to exchange i had to completely reorder and get a credit . , kinda annoying .
but does not meet my expectation . not big enough to cover my baby . and should turn it all the time to keep her out of sun .
that is my son's house , he loves it , and he plays every day in it . thank you very much .
my son was just never thrilled with these , but quality wise they are perfect . i would not buy them again .
i keep it under the pillow and glance at it when baby fusses for easy reference to when he ate last .
i use this daily whether it's keep my kid in one room or the dogs out of another . very useful !
light and compact , perfect for who lives in apartment and travel a lot.my wife loves it.easy to clean
i love these ! i bought two ( one for the changing station , and one for her bassinet ) they're soft and easy to wash .
love these . cute spoons , cute color , the soft tip is great for the baby . he loves to bite on the soft part .
the sheet quality / feel is fine ; however , it's a little too snug for my graco pack and play . the sheet makes the mattress bunch slightly .
works great next to the tub to save our knees when giving our daughter a bath.coordinates well with other skip hop accessories .
it's helpful and nice to have when you change a dirty diaper in public , that way you can be a little more discreet .
our 7 - month old loves this rattle more than other more expensive toys . it is easy to hold , colorful . good toy .
these are great - perfect for hanging purse / diaper bag . i like them much better than the mommy hook since the weight is more evenly distributed .
i absolutely love these bibs ! they seem pricey but totally worth it ! they are so soft and gentle but serve their purpose well !
i use this daily . it does the job . i'm happy . use it with my medela pisa while i pump on the way to work .
very soft and cuddly , perfect for my newborn son . cute design , nice quality . neutral colors , stayed in good condition even after a few washes .
i bought these after reading the reviews & i'm so happy i did . so much better than the medela bags i was using . highly recommend them .
the only thing my 5 month old takes for teething . same for my friend's 1 year old - the only pacifier he'd take .
the size doesn't fit around the sippy cup its too big but would work good for a toy i'm sure
i purchased this tub for a friend but she really loves it so i guess i would recommend .
i don't know if i should have forked out the money for a full sized sophie to experience the magic but this little guy does nothing for my son .
went perfectly with my used breast pump i bought a pump from a friend and had to buy new accessories and these fit perfectly and was really nice ! !
she shakes it around and loves the sound it makes . i like it because it doesn't have any paint on it and isn't made of plastic .
its perfect . it felt like it had great fabric quality . i can't wait for my daughter yo use this on her big day ! ! !
i loved this car seat cover as it kept my daughter very warm . it was easy to zip and unzip and stayed in place no problem .
my husband the dentist was skeptical of pacifiers because of teeth problems , but he is fine with these , and they work great !
this car seat is everything i expected and more . i'm very happy with it and my daughter seems to love it as well .
i got this for my baby's room and it is the perfect size for a baby or child and it is sturdy . recommended .
this step stool works well . used in our church nursery so it is not quite as high as i would have liked .
super soft sheet for my newborn to lay on . i love these ! they've been washed a few times are so far are holding up perfectly .
perfect for warmer weather swaddling . our grandson has never wanted his arms held down . this swaddler allows for a nice tummy swaddle with free arms .
my 9 month old loves them ! colors are cute . it has different designs on the bottom too . i like that the set has so many cups .
i would recommend these for all tvs . they are well put together and rather sturdy . a must have in my opinion .
good quality product . would definitely recommend to a friend . arrived brand new and just as described . good brand and quality .
honestly , the most adorable light switch plate we could have added to our baby's nursery . brings the whole kids line 123 set together . definitely recommend ! !
we love our bb diapers . with the doublers they absorb better than disposable . in fact i hate using disposable diapers now .
i love this product so much i bought 1 for all my friends . i plan on buying 1 for my sister also .
bought two of these for 4 year old and 5 week old as we travel via helicopter , fitted both children and decreased sound
i am pleased with the changing pad cover ... it was very expensive , that is my only complaint . it washes well and remains soft .
our 6 - month old daughter loves gnawing on these ! we haven't frozen them yet but she seems happy with them at room temp .
this crib sheet has a very cute and colorful farm graphic . it is well made and fits the crib nicely .
found these for a great price so i scooped them up and it has a lot of the essentials in one kit .
we love using these with our cloth diapers . so easy to use and a way better alternative to trying to fuss with clothes pins !
love it ! my little guy wasn't ready to go without a harnness and this was a perfect option ! we both feel safe with him in this .
good to have this toy . its looks like very fun . light weight and convertible , easy to assemble - 5 min to be ready )
this doll is so cute for a child's first dolly . iam happy with the quality and the item wasreceived on time .
it does have that small nipple to suddenly a very wide bottle problem .. i switched to breastflow and that worked better for my kid .
perfect length and absorbency . long enough , thin not bulky , and thirsty ! pretty ... if that matters ! wash easily and stay soft ! thanks !
these are great . the kids love them and like to wear them around the house . they say they are very comfortable .
only swaddle that really stays in place , and when they outgrow the leg part you can do just arms , legs out so it lasts a while !
perfect for teething baby . this item is also very colorful and my baby loves playing with it . this product has great quality .
bottles have smell of plastic and ratain milk or formula smell . we have clean them very well . will be using glass bottles
carter's has the most adorable prints and their fitted crib sheets are a life saver when it comes to saving time and energy making up the crib daily .
easy to clean and wipe down . catches everything and love the designs . they are easily adjusted and would recommend to anyone .
the mirror is nice because it is big and you can see baby very clearly but the mirror cracked on ours after 2 weeks ... very disappointed
these are a dream for getting the ammonia smell out of my cloth diapers !
this is a perfect rattle for a little baby ( 3 months ) good quality , beautiful colors , and i recommend this product .
stain easily , but work well and plenty of them . great buy for the price . kind of thin though . gets the job done .
love these bibs , fit my 9 week old well . i put them on her to prevent spit-up and drool from getting on her clothes .
they are okay but they are pretty small and i hate the way they feel . they look really attractive though .
this not only keeps my 13 - month old occupied & happy during bathtime - but its a great pool toy as well ! !
purchased this for my almost 10 month old and it is always missing because my 5 yr old always takes it !
we have used these as diapers and as burp cloths . they work very well for both . will get more . :)
i've tried 2 others but this one is the one ! it's comfortable , easy to use , very sturdy and safe . definitely worth the money .
these are great ! they protect against leaks and spills . i used them several times on my daughter with prefolds . i would highly recommend .
do the job as expected . great to keep in the diaper bag or in the house . really traps the smell .
this is really a time saver . its a lot better than the ones at walmart that's difficult to screw and snap back together .
delivered as promised . not toss away cups . easy to wash and reuse ! still using them and condition is still good . dish washer safe
i haven't used it because my baby isn't born jet , but it looks very good , seems very easy to use and the fabric is nice .
i have 8 , which is more than enough to wash them in the dishwasher . they never gets open or leaks .
this was such a huge help the first few months after the birth of my son . and he still it to this day . awesome !
my daughter loves this blueberry toothpaste . its clear so i know it does not have any artifical dyes and it smells good .
these are our favorite bottles . the baby loves them and is able to hold onto them . the nipples on them work really well .
great simple toy for baby - my six month old enjoys it a lot and the colors are pleasant / has some design sense
we have several fleece versions , so i knew what i was getting when i ordered some lighter warm weather options . perfect .
my 3 m . o . loves to play on this mat , loves the toys . i like the quality of it and it is easy to clean .
the elastic around the top started to separate from the rest of it after a couple months . it wasn't as sturdy as i expected .
these worked great when my son was a newborn , once he got older now they were not enough to catch his spit up .
perfect to feed a small baby . they won't hurt the gums and are long enough . highly recommend !
love the super soft touch , easy to wash with machine.fabric still great after several wash.my baby girl loves lying on it.highly recommend
delivered timely , item as described , wonderfully made of steel no leaks and a great item . i recommend this product and this seller .
very comfortable , and the bag they come with makes it easy for me to keep track of them in the wash .
works with our crib mattress perfectly , fits perfectly and is nice and soft . i was impressed by how warm feeling it was .
even out of the package there was barely a scent , these fresheners do nothing to freshen up my baby's nursery .
our little young toddler friend likes this although she does not seem to be taken with the mirror as much as she is taken with the bugs ! ha !
we use these for food and snacks and they are still in great shape , we have not used them as toss cups .
super thick , wonderful print , great color and washed really well . my son asked if we could keep this sheet on his bed forever !
i love to close my little one up in a cosy sleepsack and know he can't squirm his way out or get cold in the night .
easy to assemble , clean , adjust , use and it's cute ! my son seems very comfortable while in the high chair as well .
this is great for holding all of my daughter's toys - makes our living room look less like a play area and more like a living area again .
wasted so much money in expensive cups that my lil ' one wouldn't enjoy drinking from . i love how they don't have characters also . just plain and clear
i really don't trust this product , it seems much too tight for baby's neck . go with the original or none at all .
we got this for our son's nursery , and we love it . it looks great against the khaki colored wall . i definitely recommend it .
it's soft and is nice fabric and is well-made and is cute . i just wish my daughter would actually use it more .
my son loves playing in his rainforest gym , the lights and sounds and toys keep him engaged and exerting energy which helps with bedtime ...
buying this was ridiculous . over priced items . buying the 3 set of bottles is much more valuable . would not recommend this item .
this holds up well ! ours has been used every day for the past 6 months and it is in great shape ! fits the ottles and nipples perfectly !
easy to assemble , bright and colorful , and the balls are hours of fun
great head support for infants and i love the opening in the center which allows for less pressure to be on the back of your baby's head .
fool proof , good product , keeps formula airtight . never have had a problem with leaking powder . easy to use as well
these kick mats perfectly keep the mud off on those popular spots the kids like to put their feet . being in western washington , very important !
very functional and the color goes well with the theme of the baby's room . i would recommend to friends . love it
we use these for our toddler everytime we eat out . he loves counting the monsters and i love that he can eat freely on a clean surface .
item is too short and does not work for my sons toys or cups to be attached / secured ! wish these were longer !
great idea , and i am happy they are non-toxic etc . but they don't colour that well and tend to melt .
very good quality ! my baby loved it and once i opened the package he grabbed the spoon & fork and didn't want to leave them . :)
great features . hard to find in teal but i did it ! love the hood , reclines easily , good basket.great for the car .
this giraffe is pretty cute ! bought it for the new grand baby and it's soft . his big sister seems to like it ! !
another must have if you plan on having a changing table . what you see is what you get with this .
one of my baby's favorite toys ever since he could hold onto them ( currently 8 1/2 months and still likes them ) .
nice sheet . i used it for a while and it held up . i even use there crib sheets as well and i love them .
a very awkward mechanism to unlock . need to use the cabinet opening as leverage to actually open as there is not enough lee-way to just open freely
these have a slightly domed face , so they are much harder for little ones to pull out of the wall .
a little bulky but fit well in my night time diaper . and i love the colors because they match my night time diapers so it is easy stuffing !
got as a gift for my mom / grandma-to-be , she loved it . pictures are well protected and will not be damaged when in a purse .
this product is beautiful , what color me buy house and again are soft , i hope to buy more soon . perfect
we go to the pool frequently . i put my swimsuit and my 2 year old's both in this . plenty big enough for both .
i like the tip of this spoon.the children are teething and their little mouths are sore . i would recommend this product .
good little potty . he uses it well , it's easy to clean ! he's used it while we eced and now on his own .
my princess is 2 and she still likes it . the only negative thing is that water evaporates with time . after about 1 year of use water disappeared :/
super solid spoon - metal with a silicone spoon coating and a moulded hard plastic handle . case works well too .
hola quisiera compartir con ustedes que son muy lindas las cobijas , excelente material son muy suaves para el bebe las recomiendo
not much to add to this one . it is a toothbrush as described . it is the right size and shape for my 2 year old .
this is easy squeezy spoon , kui my daughter soup and rice paste become very convenienti like it . so , you should buy it
comfortable , secure , and covers enough . i use the straps so i can move around more while pumping . absolutely love this bra .
i loved these . they were a bit bulky so be prepared for that but they are so soft and my son seemed very comfortable in them ,
i bought this for my infant son for his easter basket instead of real chocolate . it is super cute and came in a little carrying case , too .
i think she's just too small for it yet ... she's 6 months and it just seems too big for her still .
nice quality fabric and cute design ! but too small ! if i have a blanket i want it to be big enough to swaddle my baby .
so cute and easy to clean . they're awesome for meal time , or even for babes to play with ( stacking , etc . ) .
my kids love these . i used them to transition them from nighttime bottles to big kid milk cups . worked great .
the motor hums as though it is snagged and the seat moves half an inch . don't buy this thing . now i have to disassemble and return .
my son is pretty much in love with these . he prefers these over the more elaborate toys . worth every penny .
bought for my niece and she love it ! love the design and suitable for 8months babies onwards :) recommended to all .
i like this cover as opposed to bummis ones . the latter caused scratches on my lo's thighs by those velcros . thirsties are soft and perfect for us .
this set is missing adaptor caps . i wish it had come with them as that is a pretty critical part to pump .
i couldnt figure out how to use it without hurting my little one . i eventually bought the nail cutter style .
my review title says it all . i am very happy with this purchase and use it every single day - i am an exclusive pumper .
i have no complaints about this changing pad , it does the job well and is a reasonable price too . the summer infant covers are adorable also .
i haven't actually used these yet but they seem to be high quality and very practical . highly recommend based off of how they look and feel .
i can't stress how thrilled i am at having super cute organic options more available . the recipient squealed with delight over how cute this was .
i bought 2 sets and 2 others without case . i love these silicone spoons . the case is very useful , totally worth the purchase .
i like to keep a few of these with me for changing in public places or changing an extra dirty diaper . just the right size , and leakproof .
the hanging part attached very easily and very easy to use ! there are drainage holes in the bottom to let water out .
horrible bottle don't just buy for how good it looks my baby hated it she hated the nipple with a passion
easy to put on and comfy for the baby . soft and washes well . great for thicker 3 inch port-a-crib mattress .
works great for travel . i thought it would put out less suction power because of it being a car charger , but it doesn't . works perfectly !
coated so that it doesn't hurt his gums and changes colors too . he grew out of them quickly tho bc they are soo small .
no brainer , makes it easy to cut my children's nails.doesn ' t get lost easily . easy to clean . great grip .
we are using it with class bottles and plastic and love it . milk is warm fast and it is easy to use .
i bought this for my son's playard and it is very nice ! soft and so cute with the monkey on it .
my ebf son had no problems switching to these bottles when he finally went to daycare . they are the most like breastfeeding .
easy to twist and use for formula or snacks . make sure it snaps all the way shut , so formula doesn't go into the next compartment .
this is a great crib for the money ! easy to put together and very sturdy , i would highly recommend this for the money !
i got the light blue one . i love it for next to my bed . i use it for my newborn - fits size 1 diapers perfect .
my daughter use this everyday . we changed the nipple with an avent sippy spout . no leaks and she can hold it by her self because its skinny .
hard for my daughter to get her hands in and out of the mouth . the plastic is a little tough .
i bought this and 2 other wubbanubs . it's all i use and they're absolutely fantastic . they wash easily and hold up really well .
works great , exactly the same as the expensive medela one . i've had not problems with it , i'm glad this option is out there !
this base is super easy to install and use with the car seat . we have two - one for each car .
this changing pad cover looks really cute and feels nice and soft ! my husband and i love it , we got so many compliments on it :-)
highly recommend these .. i prefer the cotton ones to help avoid possible allergic reactions but these are great and baby loves them too .
this is the only cup my son will drink out of ... love it ! he hates the nuby and dr . browns cups , but loves this one .
very good color and quality . not made in china - most important thing . the size is enough , doesn't need bigger . like it a lot .
my son loves to play with this and it's great for his gums ! he never wants to let it go !
arrived quickly , in good condition and with all the parts . i think this is an adorable crib and will make a great bed .
bought this toy because i was looking for a small toy with a mirror . you get exactly what you see .
i really liked the quality and looks great on my son . i was very happy with the quality of this item .
there's not too much to say here - it's a sheet and it's cute . and all for a very fair price .
fantastic containers for purees , sauce , broth , etc . these oxo containers are amazing and have become a staple in our home .
impossible for little kids to take out , and very difficult to get out even as an adult .
catches the food , fits well and works as expected . no problems so far and is a must . i recommend this product .
if you plan to use a pack n play , or you are always on the go , you must buy it.very easy to install
i'm pretty sure these are actual medela tubes . feel the same , work the same . cheaper then getting them thru medela directly
i really like this fitted sheet for our graco pack n play . it is very soft and seems durable .
i love the letter really nice material and also beautidul solor for decoration i bought it for my babys room decoration .
i love it ! ! very comfortable and not too bulky for a small room . i love the footstool too . no complaints here .
i bought this for my newborn and it has been great . he is up higher in the carrier now and looks up into my eyes .
my baby uses it to bang on the counter and / or tray . he makes him happy so i like that . enjoy
looked like it was defective or had been exposed to something hot - the colors were " melty " looking . too much hassle to return it .
these are great for giving me the peace of mind when my daughter eats off the table . they are easy to put on the table and to remove .
these are really nice . i use them on my changing table pad and under sheets . they work great and are a good size .
if you don't mind washing them , these work great . because of cost , i like these better then the disposable ones .
say good-bye to safety pins . this is a genius product for cloth diapering . so very quick and hooks on any prefold cloth diaper .
i was enjoying this cute nightlight in my baby's room when it completely stopped working after just 2 months . what a shame and a waste of money .
it is good , it fits well . it looks cute . as we have not test proofed it with actual pee , that is all i can say .
cane out perfect could have probably made 3 plaques ... very easy to do ... plan to do it again once he's older like school age
way too big for my babies mouth.its a good idea but i never ended up using it , my baby didn't like it .
easy to install & necessary if you have small children - great price ! our tv had 1 mount hole not 2 & it still works great
so far works just fine . the car seat doesn't shift . i haven't used the pouch in the front as of yet . but no complaints .
my 5 month old seems to like it . it is light enough for him to hold and the buttons are easily pushed .
the stroller is great for two young kids and the back seat comes off when the older child doesn't want to sit in the seat anymore .
this cover is cute and very soft . we like the print and it looks and works well for us . good purchase !
easily fits over our graco duo . keeps the kids and items stored underneath dry . good product for a good price .
everything about these are perfect ! just what i was looking for ! perfect for first foods .
i have enjoyed this pillow with no problems , i like how it positions my baby for nursing . i would buy this again .
i bought this to my little girl . everybody in the family is happy with the product . very good quality material .
loved it but my baby wasn't a fan of the chair or the tray :(
felt this was false advertising as the photo shows 2 but there was only 1 sold . too expensive for $ 9 .
just your basic basket for sanitizing your babies things . i'm glad i found one for so cheap . it works great
love them and love the smell , just make sure to keep them covered or they will dry out ( like anything )
this swing is so nice and it truly is portable , well made , and it collapses down for storage or for toting around to where ever !
this is a really cute pacifier pod that fits 2 pacifiers . it matches the skip hop changing pad in metro stripe .
i will never complain anything about the products from aden + anais . well ... maybe only the price . great quality bibs !
sateen is a deceptive description . i really thought ti would be silkier . it is soft but doesnt have the cool silky type touch i had hoped for .
order one size up than what you need to order . they fit on the small side . very waterproof though . does exactly what it says
because every kiddo needs rubber duckie in the bath . my son is obsessed with it-and of all the things in the bath this gets a ton of attention .
this could have been a good product if it absorbs liquid a bit quicker . i can say that it does washes well
great pad ! washed well and good size . love that it is organic and was good value .
great toy , all the colours and textures , my baby loves it . i would def . recommend this item to buy .
i like this bath set , it was a cute change from yellow ducks . drawback is the plastic rings deflated days later , but the frogs are durable
i loved the bright colors . the container is of a decent size perfect for kids but the lids don't fit well .
i love this crib sheet . it stays well . it's soft . and it's the perfect color to match my sons superman themed nursery .
we have twins and at 16 months old they still play with this ! great toy , andso reasonable too !
great concept , and love the size and color , but it just won't stayed suctioned to my shower - - which is a smooth surface .
this thermometer is quick and accurate . it is a great deal for the money .
so useful for getting my little one to settle down . it's super soft and the music is actually very beautiful and calming !
thermos foogo leak proof stainless steel food jar is good to keep temprature for 8 to 12 hrs , very helpful .
i love these pads ! they are very soft and thicker than other pads i have so i don't have to worry about leaking through . great product .
slips out of place frequently on leather headrest but does job . two straps are there to help adjust to best location but still slips .
love the diaper pale . it has been amazing to use while on the run . recommend to any one who does cloth diapering .
i love this wrap , it covers well , is a breathable material , and i can see my little one's face while she nurses .
however , it fit on our faucet and stayed on well . looks cute and thick enough to provide the safety that is wanted .
this towel is very soft and functions perfectly ! great to pick up my little guy from the tub and have him covered easily as i hold him .
i can now safely cut baby's nails while she's asleep with these . they are sharp , but safe . i recommend them .
i highly recommend this product .. it's affordable .. it gets the job done ... no odor .. you can literally use the shopping bags as pail liners ...
my 6 month old daughter loves these little bath toys . they keep her occupied in the tub , and they are so cute !
i really like this stroller but is huge ! still don't know if it works or not caused my baby hasn't born yet
perfect for the diaper bag for when we eat out or have a playdate picnic . will buy another set soon
great basic crib , not the best quality , but it was very easy to put together . i tightened all the bolts and still seems a little wobbly .
these are reasonably priced , made in usa , and non-toxic . they are perfect size bowl and i am glad i made the purchase .
super cute and soft ... a good deal for the price and easy to clean i would recommend it to others and my son seems to like it too
great little stool . stable & good grip on both sides . great for toddler teeth brushing & hand washing . love it .
this is a very well built bouncer . we compared several bouncers from different companies and this product topped our list . very easy to install , great quality .
my granddaughter loves this thing ! not too difficult to put together , if you start with patience . well work the work !
the take and toss brand is such a decent quality for such a low price and i love it ! can't beat that .
i have the pump so i got extra and they are solid build and it is good quality .
my baby likes this but i have to watch him because he easily makes himself gag with it . the disc should be higher or adjustable
my baby loves looking at this . she loves the music it plays and can't keep her eyes of the twinkling red lights on the cheeks of the sunflower .
sadly baby seemed to prefer the black and white and green variation we tried at a friend's house . can't win !
thought these rattles were super cute and colorful , but they just don't interest my son . hopefully he changes his mind !
our daycare required us to have these . it does what its supposed to so i really have no complaints . .
warm , cozy , washes well , gender neutral and fits the crib perfectly . very happy with this sheet for our daughter's nursery !
i just needed a simple play yard and it is the perfect and basic one that i can found and purchase
to put it simply this holder does the job : stays clipped to both pacifier and clothes . a good product for the price .
its ok . not my babys favorite but will sometimes play with . also doesn't like chewing on antlers - i think they are a bit too hard .
i love this , i can pump while working or doing other stuff . just throw on the hooter hider over it and you're in business !
super easy installation and they cover the back of the seats in my mercury milan completely . they are a great value and we love them !
just had a baby and this was perfect for the changing table . i would recommend and was also priced very well as compared to other locations .
when i opened and saw only four items i was disappointed . i though there'll be eight or four pairs in there !
very cute ... huge for a newborn ... but my son didnt like this type of nipple . :( i wish they had different nipple shapes !
my son was breaking out of the blankets we were using to swaddle him so the velcro in this product is perfect .
i bought this based on the great reviews but my son wasn't that into it . definitely not worth the price .
wish it wouldn't get so bulky with ereusable wipes but i love it and goes perfect with my 31 bags !
my little girl received this as a gift and it is so adorable ! the teethers are completely appropriate and are great quality .
so nicely made , perfect for baby and love the weight it is not to heavy and not to light , works great !
great price and quality material . fits well and is durable , yet enough cushion . washes well.very satisfied with my purchase !
super cute and comfy kneeler ! makes the awkwardness of bending over the tub a little less awkward . super comfy kneeler !
we bought this blanket to go with our adorable zutano outfit , a cute and soft blanket . love the little owls , people always comment on it .
my son gets a huge kick out of sticking these letters on the wall . once he gets older , we can practice spelling . so much fun .
the bra is very comfortable and highly customizable to get the right fit . i just tried it out and was able to eat dinner while pumping :-d
my daughter loves this sippy she holds it really well and she like sthe colors . i would reccomend this to anyone and everyone .
this bottle warmer is super easy to use and warms up milk in no time . easy to clean , it's always ready to go !
good zippy cup . takes a lot to make it leak . just wish it was insulated as that keeps milk fresh a bit longer .
2 very practical sizes.prettydurable ( org ! ! ! why do they require 20 or more words to write a review ? ! ! )
wonderful wonderful wonderful ! this works like a dream . my son is a year old and it has held up since he started crawling at 4 months !
rockin ' green works well on our clothes and our cloth diapers . it's great for sensitive skin and gets clothes clean .
baby quiets down when getting ready to change , so must be comfortable . easy to take off and put back on .
i love this bug ! especially my daughter bites the antennas =) ) and its not a bug its a future butterfly-the cutterpillar
this cover is super soft and i love it . the colours are quite nice too and i'm glad i bought it .
really freshens things up after a poopy diaper ! i've used with disposables and bumgenius .
i like this brand , it helped us so much with colic and gas.these nipples are great for soup or baby cereals .
well made , sturdy , child resistant ; we love it that we don't have to walk in to the kitchen any more and see the door open
these blocks are really soft so they are safe for babies of all ages . they have cute pictures , bright colors , and different textures .
we use this for used inserts for our cloth diapers when running errands and it has been working great for us
my teething son loves this . it is much more rubbery than it appears in this photo . we attached a leash to keep it within reach .
the product is good but my son don ` t like to sleep on it because he finds it way too small .
these are so cute and helped calm the little guy when we was still eensy weensy .
this is good for a new born baby holds it head in place , even has a removable one for a bigger baby
looks great . bought it because the color matches perfectly with our couch . my daughter loves it . it's also easy to clean which is a huge plus .
perfect for the holding the dispensers with cereal / formula in them and on the go . just pour and mix and done
used this to completely baby proof our living areas . super easy to install and seems to be doing the job .
if you have a baby or know anyone who is having a baby , you must buy these amazing stickers to document their wonderful stages ! !
we love our wubs . i have bought almost all the animals i think . these are the greatest if you are down with pacis
i bought this for my new grandson . it's one of the cutest teethers i've seen and i'm sure it will come in very handy !
we've had it for half a year and it looks unbelievably safe and comfortable . the assemblage was easy and so is the height adjustment .
my wife was excited about this product so i ordered it . but she didn't end up using it . she prefers the swaddle blankets . waste of money !
really like the warming food this way just did not care for the fact it does not come aprat too clean inside the well
does a perfect job of keeping my toddler twins out of the areas they do not belong . stays on doorknob and it's sturdy .
love this blanket . it is very soft and warm and keeps the baby very comfortable . excellent buy ! we are happy with the purchase .
this was a great buy . they are very functional and we love the color . we started using them for pacifiers but the work for little toys too .
must have item so your pacifier doesn't dissapear ! it is great and easy to wash and clips on easily . cute looking too
these are adorable and soft enough to keep baby comfortable as well as entertained in the car ... i bought these in the pink bunny option also !
it is great for teething and he loves the crinkle cloth parts on top . after a year it still looks good .
this is the greatest addition to the baby world ... most mothers of those over 5 are jealous that they did not have this ! !
i got this for a friend she really likes it.the quality and color are very nice . i am thinking of getting one for myself :)
my 6 month old loves this . the colors are great and it fits her grip perfectly . easy to clean . we do not go anywhere without it .
my frient is planning to cloth diaper so i got these for her baby-to-be and i believe he will love them :)
i used this as a topper on a diaper cake i made for a friends baby shower . she loved it .
don't fit the glass bottles . make absolutely sure they fit the products you have home , otherwise is money down the drain .
they literally hold so many bottles and parts that being an exclusive pumper , i cannot live without this stand everyday .
i love , love , love this nursing pillow cover . it's a great color and easy to clean when it gets dirty .
these smell better than the white refills that are not biodegradable and hold up just as well . would order again .
i like that it plays music and is easy to clean . as long as it keeps getting those boogies out of my sons nose , i'm happy .
feels well made . i wish it was a little wider as my 4 year old fits in there kinda tight .
these are great tubes for replacing old ones - i have had to replace tubes a lot since i've used my pump so much
keeps my child entertained for hours ! she really loves this toy . it has many stimulants that keep her busy busy
we can tell a difference when our lo has this on or not . it seems to just kind of calm him down when he shows signs of discomfort .
these are wonderful ! i layer with a wet pad so changes are easy . i just wish they made a 100 % organic cotton .
this is great , baby will have a much more comfortable sleep ! the fit is great and will make the pack and play more useful .
the soft spout on this makes it perfect for transitioning from bottle to sippy cup . my 1 - year-old still uses it occasionally !
this book is great for babies . definitely a great peek a boo book ! one of the best i've seen . highly recommend
the best product ! ! i am a mother of 4 ... this product has simply saved me ! i love it . must buy ! ! !
these are the only pacifiers my baby will take and these came faster then they said , only 3 days ! great service , great product !
my baby boy this kept him safe and secure and i would recommend it babies mine is now 18 months and this is well worth the investment
this is way better than the mattress cover the co-sleeper comes with . it is really soft and fits perfectly , my baby loves it .
haven't used it yet coz the baby sleeps in our bedroom but i love it and the color goes well with the color scheme of the baby's room
fits our changing table and is easily portable around the house , is comfy for baby and will be used for a long , long time .
these tiny pieces are so easy to lose in the sink , it's great to have a pack of replacements around .
so nice , so soft , just like the blankets - - i wish you would make them in twin size for older kids !
froze great . no leaks . easy to store . did what it was supposed to do . cheaper then most others and still good quality .
go out is very convenient , it is in order to facilitate use when they go out , the storage function is like
these are very handy to have for use with the bassinet changing table so it is not cold in the middle of the night .
these are just like any other average infant wash cloth . they are soft and have held up well . i can't complain at all .
totally worth the money . i wish i bought the extra cover to go with it . very comfortable ! would recommend this to anyone :)
this brand is awesome . this bib is great for those meals that are really messy . and my lo can't remove it herself . bonus !
i wanted some replacements for medela pump in style parts . they are exactly that . work great on my pump . no problems .
this set is great - it has all the necessary items to start - bottles , pacifier , etc . works great for new parents .
its slim enough to fit nicely in an avg freezer without taking up alot of room . i also like the way it freezes milk for easy storage .
we love this high chair and it takes up much less space than our old one ! !
before using this my baby was soaking wet from sweat in the summer - with this she is barely damp . totally worth it !
these do the trick . good quality too ! very soft of your baby and you get the perfect amount in the package .
my daughter loves jumping in this--it is her favorite ! it is safe and durable--very well made . a must for active babies .
as described , and it came super quick . i have only used it a few times and make sure and air it out between uses .
great plates , great color , cute design , easy to clean . my daughter loves her " big girl plates " and they are just what we needed !
it is very nice . but haven't begun to use . i hope there can be very effective when used . because it is a good thing
these are nice burp rags but wish they were a little bit wider . they are heavy and long just need to be wider .
my baby loves this mobile . i like that it comes with a remote and three different settings on the mobile . great so far .
this toy is so simple but it is a lot of fun ! baby can stack the pieces in any fashion and they stay together . great first stacker .
unfortunately it didn't work for my newborn . she doesn't like it or any others for that matter . she only took the soothie a few times .
this may be a very simple gadget , but it does it's job well . i would recommend it to anyone ! no complaints .
i got this for my cousin's baby and she loved it . he wore it to his parent's wedding and again to his baptism and everyone loved it !
did not find this useful .. if you have dishwasher i don't really see the point of having one of these ..
just so happens i got a defective one ... burned out after the first week ... bought another one at bbrus and it's been working great .
this toy was not as entertaining as expected . it is useful for other things like teach the different colors and sizes ,
cute ! but really big ! wow , bigger than most for kids . super easy to keep clean , that's my fav part . x
so helpful in calming a colicky baby , when motion is the only answer for soothing them and you've worn out the floor bouncing and rocking .
we got this for our lo's mattress . it protects and keeps the mattress dry if her diaper leaks in the middle of the night
folds nicely and doesn't take up a lot of space in my diaper bag . good size and easy to clean .
grand baby loves this it is sooooo soft to touch ... wish the music lasted longer but it is still loved by mom
they are nice and big for swaddling my baby ! can't go wrong with these ! i also use them to cover public changing tables !
my two year old son loves this sheet . the right size.good quality cotton , soft . will recommend to friends with children . good
love this ! makes mashing fruits and veggies for my baby a breeze . easy to clean and store . highly recommend this product .
this works ok , not super comfortable , but it keeps stuff where it belongs . not like your wearing it out anywhere though .
the food and bottle warmer is very easy to use . it seems to heat evenly and only took minutes to warm a bottle .
joint to the pacifier , helps calm the baby a lot , ... really helps calm the baby a lot and maintain the pacifier clean
these sippy cups are very cute however only use water in them because anything else will leave residue and become moldy . cute color
as others have said , they work on our evenflo glass bottles as well as my medela pump bottles , as well as our ameda bottles for daycare .
we love love love our miracle blanket . this is what baby sleeps in every night . at 1 month old he was sleeping 6 hours a night .
our previous carseat left a little dent on the leather seat .. after we switch the car seat and added this , it saved our leather seat !
adorable story with great pictures . love how big it is and how easy it is for my little guy to interact in it .
these are perfect when your milk supply is not as great . very economical and they come in a mesh bag so they don't get lost in the washer .
my little guy loves these when he is teething in the back . perfect for molar teething . will buy again for next child
too massive , heavy , no space for baby's nose . neither us nor baby like it . not expensive , but still was waste of money
the frame itself is just okay , but the easy to put together footprint and photo for grandparents made it worthwhile .
i should say my 5 month old granddaughter loves it . she has it with her at all times as one of her favorite things .
this is a must if you have to pump regularly . highly recommended . very comfortable and easy to use . allows me to use my hands while pumping .
adorable addition to the thanksgiving wardrobe . this bib is really thick and worked great for my heavy droolers . bright colors .
this is a wonderful idea . it's a rattle , a ball and a stacker in one and my baby loves it . great fun !
great cups . love that the handles are detachable for when the baby grows . truly 100 percent spill proof . love these cups and wish i bought more .
had a hard time finding these and they work great with the new bottles i had , medela has always been a great brand !
this drying rack holds it all--bottles , nipples , pump parts , pacifiers , you name it ! spindles rotate and reservoir catches all the drips . highly recommended .
hola , quiero decirles que el producto me encanto , es muy linda la uso parqa decorar la habitacion de la bebe
its good product its come in original package it comes with all the accesories in good condition and you can use any time
good concept . a beast of a stroller . very wide . heavy . nice quality fabric . i returned this stroller for the bumbleride indie .
keeps our 18 mo old out of the fridge ! our fridge doors are a little uneven but it still works amazing . great purchase .
it works but if your baby like the bottle on the hotter side its not great , it doesn't heat a full bottle to much more than room temperature
it's just what i was looking for . it's big just right for when my almost 4 months old starts rolling .
we purchased this for our bumbleride stroller . it fits great and saved our stroller on the many plane rides we took . it's durable and worth every penny .
this attached easily to the crib , stays in place and the colors are nice and soft.our daughter loves this mobile !
great toy , works well on place flights . occupies child and keeps them happy .
i did like it , just thought it might have looked a little more dressy . i would get the red one instead of blue .
this is one of the only toys my daughter will play with . she has tons of other toys but this is the only one she really took too
perfect for baby bottle nipples and small pump parts ! kept one in the kitchen and one in the diaper bag .
my daughter loves the taste and the brush on her gums very cute and good price would recommend to other moms .
easy application to the corners of the tv media stand ( glass ) - is likely semi-permanent but protects the baby's head and the glass in case of fall .
this book is so sweet . the colors are bright and vibrant and the pages make a nice crunchy sound which the baby loves .
great product allows for full view and very thick plastic , so its very safe keeps wind and rain out . worth the money .
i use this to swaddle and also cover the baby car seat etc . its light and very versatile . also its bigger than most swaddle blankets .
i got these thought they were as big as a regular insert but they're pretty small but have great absorbency though so still worth the money !
i purchased these wraps for my grandson's crib . although he is too young to need them yet , they were a very nice quality !
my little one is 2 months old and she loves it - she smiles every time she sees this little mermaid .
bought this mattress for the crib set i recently purchased , came in great condition . nice and stiff and fits easily in the crib . no complaints .
great starter kit . i purchased this for my sister when i loaned her my pump . it is just what she needed .
provides great infant head support . great for swings and car seats , very soft yet firm , just as described good value
this little bath basket works perfectly , looks good , is sturdy , and the price is right ! love it ! perfect for baby's toys and body washes .
its cute and fits the description and looks just likr the picture . just as promised . great quality as well . baby loves it
we wish it came with bumpers for the corners of the crib ... they have a strong chemical smell . wash before you put them on .
i was unable to unlock these - would have prevented everyone in our house from getting into cabinets ! i sent them back .
this is a good sleepsack . not too heavy , not too light . the baby likes it for naps and at night .
my baby loved teething on this . he was able to comfort both sides of his mouth at the same time .
this cover is so plush and soft plus it has retained its ' quality through multiple washes . it also has amazing color ! worth every penny paid .
this was given as a gift to our son and we love it ! so much that we give it as a gift now ! :)
this has been great for attaching to the car seat . very easy to use and stays in place well . considering getting one for the stroller as well .
25 nipples as promised . great for a diaper bag . each individual wrapped , with " expiration " date . perfect for emergencies . similar brand
this is such a simple item , but it does work . perfect for when you are away from home and you dont have a high chair .
barato e de qualidade . minha filha adora brincar . ela tem 5 meses . com certeza a criana via usar e gostar
it may be premature to say as the baby hasn't arrived but the assembly of this stroller is a piece of cake !
a little expensive compared to other pads but they are worh the money . they are made of a very good material .
my baby kept on gagging on these . the teat is very big ! not impressed with these pacifiers at all . don't buy !
this little bag is exactly as described . it is extremely cute , as well as functional . great for many different things .
does the job perfectly . it took me 5 months to finally buy this , wish i had done so earlier and saved myself all the boiling .
i love these if used as directed they are perfect my infant took right to them the soft nipples are like breast .
i am pleased with this product . it works exactly as expected with my breast pump . a lot of value for the price .
my niece loves this toy . different texture for her craving needs . the colors are beautiful and easy for her to hold . she loves it .
i just got this item recently and we're still trying to get our son get used to it , so far so good
my freezer is not very big but this takes up such a small amount of space . it's great for keeping food organized
this worked great to keep my son from chewing the paint off the railing of his crib . i didn't notice a foul smell as some reviews stated .
i love this pacifier for my sissy babies . it's sparkly pink and has a silicone mouth piece . it comes with a cover , which is nice .
my son is 3 months old and smiled the moment i took the elephant out of the box . he loves to hold and chew on it .
i should have read the measurements ! the picture makes it look large but its actually smaller than her plastic tub .
easy to attach and take off , doesnt damage tinted windows . size is great . wish it would provide more shade as a lot of sunshine still comes thru
use these daily , my 18 month old and 8 year old love ' em ! ! very cute . like the designs and grooves in them .
this bottle brush lasts forever ! i have recommended this to my friends , who have all become converts ! definitely deserves the 5 shiny stars !
doesn't stick great had to glue or hand on shower holder but really holds soo much and doesn't hold in water , great for price
love these adorable cushy straps . they are also reasonably priced . would buy this again .
my 13 mo old really likes these . he doesn't play with them every night , but they are one of our better bath toys .
perfect to help organize all your child's documents . easy to use and has all the right folders . i like having something to consoldiate all important forms .
my husband used it with our 7 month old on a hike . they were both extremely comfortable . in fact , she took her afternoon nap in there .
would highly recommend especially for use in conjunction with ameda pump . these are convenient and easy to use . will plan to use these exclusively for storage .
i think this product is better for a peg prego or quinny stroller - it really doesn't fit well with my chicco .
i've had loads and loads of leaks with these diapers surprisingly . i had high hopes for them since there so popular .
we took this for our toddler on vacation and everyone else took turns using it at different times while traveling .
good product , just my little dude doesn't like this one as much as other teething toys . he does seem to like all the colors though .
dried out a little but they sent me a replacement . i was able to use it again by rewetting it w a little bit of water later on .
if you are thinking to buy a gift these ones are the best on the market i try it on my little ones and its perfect 100 % recommend it
the flat screen tv saver is easy to install and holds our flat screen tv securely to the entertainment cabinet .
my grandson was constantly loosing his pacifier , and this was a great way to hold onto them.the price is good .
these did not hold their shape for longer than one day , although they did provide relief . i prefer soothies for multiday use .
really surprised but this was super flimsy . also the " white noise " feature sounds more like an ocean . ended up returning .
my 6mon loves these balls now ... he started to throw and crawl after them . loves the challenge of trying to hold on to them .
love the mattress cover and i cant complain for the price . it is what is is and i will get a second one as a back up .
i use the santi wash feature on the dishwasher and then put the bottles on here to air dry . very convenient
my son absolutely loves these books and block ! he can sit and play , stare , eat at these books for awhile . they were definitely worth the buy
perfect lil travel toy . my baby just loves this ... i keep it attached to her car seat for traveling and she plays w it the whole time dancing
these sturdy bottles are a great value ! they hold up to daily use ( including sterilization ) and do not leak . love these bottles !
thick and absorbent - great product . purchased for cloth diapering and another for burp clothes . only wash in rockin green detergent which keeps them in great shape .
my baby boy who was eight months when i gave it to him , loves it ! ! ! for the price you can't go wrong .
so cute and really well made ! no blowouts or leaks ! i use with my prefolds ... and they're really adjustable which is nice
the food storage disc is really very good , to solve the food problem processing cannot store . recommended for all babies ma ma
perfect size - not too big or too small . i only wish that they were not disposable . soft and flexible .
this is the only rinse cup that actually keeps the soap and water out of my sons face . the rubber lip is fabulous .
the colors of these burp cloths are vibrant and fun but only one side is absorbent . better products are available .
so soft and beautiful designs . i want one for myself to wrap up in ! its nice and big for easy swaddling !
i used to make fun of this idea but once i got one ohhhhhh man its like my bff in pamper changing my daughter loves it
the changing pad cover fit the changing pad on my graco pack & play with cuddle cove changing area . i definitely recommend this product .
at turns out it the graco click connect series does not fit with city jogger gt as travel system . so i had to return it
my 10 month old is enjoying this teether . definately one of the better teethers on the market . happy mommy . must have .
the blue ' wings ' are too long and my 4 month old was gagging herself on it when she stuck it in her mouth.sassy fail .
this is a nice , soft , warm fleece sleep sack and fits my son nicely . i will continue buying halo sleep sacks .
great lid . our little one has no trouble getting liquid out and can hold the cup on her own . great product .
i bought this for my granddaughter , not only did she love it , so did i . it is well made and adorable .
worked well for us - it kept those two year old twins out of the fridge when i was not looking ! haha
no need for anything fancy ... this works just fine ! we use it every single day for our playtex ventaire bottles . perfect
it's nothing spectacular , but if you don't want your baby chewing and sucking on your carrier these are great ! i recommend ...
looks and feels like a real adult recliner it reclines up and back soft cloth easy to clean tray is removable and easy to clean
what a cool ball colorful and so many different little activities to keep the little one occupied ! a must have
we purchased this leachco cuddle-u - pillow for and our granddaughter and she just loves it .
love this product nice size , colorful with a variety of textured for baby to enjoy , crunchy , rattle and comes with a take along clip .
these crib sheets were an excellent fit . they laundered well and were durable . i would highly recommend them for purchase .
this crib is super pretty , sturdy and the price is great.there were a few dings / chips but nothing drastic or noticeable .
this is a great bedside mobile . my neice uses this with her newborn baby girl and she loves it ! good music , and colorful to look at .
really tiny for what i paid for it but it came with a lovely poem and nice acrylic frame . my daughter-in law liked it .
we are very happy with these bibs for our 3 month old . i would recomend this for 3 month and above as smaller kids would drool underneith it .
the fabric is a bit too thin . i decided to use the wet bag for my pumping accessories . the pacifier pouch is great .
too long . does not fit our davinci porter crib . maybe it will fit other cribs ? but i would not recommend it .
this makes pumping so easy and i can play candy crush and continue to relax while pumping . just wish it was sturdy enough for all day wear .
this thing is great . portable , good volume and the projector calms even the fussiest baby . everyone i have given it to loves it .
i have 2 of these . one for my ford flex one for my honda fit . they are great and my kid loves this chair .
nicely made . its warm and cozy . my daughter loves it . probably going to end up with another one shortly . highly recommend it during winter .
color is more like mustard yellow , but they work well . using for clothes 3m - 2t and work great .
this is a very nice sturdy changing table . i love the color . the shelves are nice to put extra items on .
i was debating about the vitamin d drops for bfing my baby . these are a good option because they only require 1 drop per dose .
these work well but the shipping took a while and there was a strong rubbery / chemical smell after initially opening the package .
these are very leaky and i was a bit disappointed . i prefer the drop ins . also the measurements aren't very acurate
i bought this for my granddaughter and another one for second child well made hours of fun easy to use and love primary colors and designs on it entertaining
this warmer warms our pampers wipes perfectly , however after 2.5 months of use the latch to the pop up lid no longer works .
this paci grip is perfect for holding a soothie binky . totally cute design and the clip stays in place really well .
i wish this worked but it doesn't . just doesn't stay on . it is very cheap . you get what you pay for .
this car is so cute . our son is too young for it yet but i think it'll be a hit .
this item was very reasonably priced , the colors are very nice a nice change from the usual pink or blue for babies
i was worried this would not fit well and in fact it does very well . very happy to have this during the cold winter !
cheapy looking but they work fine , havent had a problem in a couple of months we've had them . the baby has no interest in the outlets .
great for the price . i was looking for small bowls that had a little something to hold onto ... so glad i ordered these
these work great in my jeep . i am able to have one on each side for each child , works good .
bought this for my baby nursery room . color and images are awesome . most of my visitors noticed it . lightweight , durable and great buy ...
i love that this has wheels on it to move around the house easy and it super cute and colorful easy to clean
very good , very like it , is currently not useful , do not know is not as easy to use as described . expect its effects
little long for my 17 month old but covers her and she stays dry and clean . easy on , easy off !
tried the bumgenius along with a few other brands , and it's the best fit and better quality . highly recommend to first time cloth diaper users like myself :)
it's comfy , lite and the chp ( cal highway patrol ) officer who installed it loved it and said it was an excellent choice !
this fit my changing pad and laundered well . the fabric is so soft and comfortable . cute pattern , too .
i love that these have the measurements on them . i ended up getting rid of the tray because i prefer to stack them .
the seat seems fine but my son was not a fan.the penis guard would scratch him.we ended up going with the price lionheart potty seat and its been great !
i am restocking my baby gear for a new grandson expected in a few weeks . this blanket is great and washed beautifully .
item does not lock properly nor does it allow to prop the toilet seat cover up for when men need to pee . i had to return item .
the product is great and serves its purpose . just doesn't feel like it's all worth the money . doesn't seem to have much alternatives either .
these swaddlers were a life saver . they kept my son calm . i even fashioned them into pants , so my baby could wear them in his swing .
these nipples are not bad but still did not slow down my son from eating too fast . my daughter does like them but they are not a favorite .
these were much smaller than expected , but they do seem to be very absorbent . won't be worthwhile except for tiny messes though .
my breast pump was loosing suction , so i replaced the valves and the diaphragms . i immediately noticed a big difference !
this laundry hamper is very spacious . the fabric quality is great , the goat design is cute , and this is a wonderful addition to the nursery .
my daughter loved this bumper jumper . she would play in it until she fell asleep . it is awesome and i would highly recommend it .
my daughter loves this phone . she walks around " talking " on it all the me . it's not too loud , which is great .
great bib for a teething baby ! thick and big enough but not too big . just wish they were a little less expensive so i could purchase more !
love the colors and patterns . the material was a little thinner than i expected but it was still nice and comfortable !
these are a nice size , but unfortunately the fabric is not very soft . i'm going to look for something else to use on my baby .
with these cups , he can turn them upside down and no leaking . unless he really really works at it . i recommend !
was on wish list for baby . parents wanted and they got it . was for baby shower . will shop again when needed
i like these bumpers , they good quality and cute . the colors are bright and stay bright even after washing them multiple times . good purchase .
good price works so well ad much more sanitary.keeps your mil from spilling and thaws easily . can use for multiple babies
these have been worth their weight in gold . they are soft and breathable . our little girl prefers these to any other swaddle pod / sack / etc .
definitely leak proof and easy for the kids to use . it also comes apart easily and can be run through the dishwasher .
love the different textures and colors . easy to attach to anything . my son loves these , works great on introducing textures .
people see this as a silly , but i think these things help a lot to alert others to drive carefully for them and for others
good prefolds , they got better the more i washed them , very absorbent . once i wash , they are no stains that remain .
really practical , my grandson likes it much fun with the face and putting fingers in the slots . very easy to clean and good quality material .
my son liked this style better and now my daughter likes these better than the others too . i only wish i knew which designs / colors we were getting
my son loves it ; and we are very concern in to keep a litle stock in home of " sasha " pacifiers ... simply the best
love this pad . used for every diaper change . actually waterproof . saves our sheets . size is great . don't intend to use in bassinet .
this is a great pack n play . easy to set up and take down for traveling . it's very well made and nice colors .
the zippers on this suck . seriously they can't afford some ykk zippers on these suckers ? i got the halo fleece sleep sack instead
my daughter loves this toy . she will wake up in her crib and start playing with it immediately . definitely a good purchase .
i bought this as a gift for my nephew . not sure if he's worn it yet , but it was super cute anyway .
fits great for classic diaper for not use regular pins . look great and is more safety for your baby . f
our little one thinks this toy is hilarious . it makes a sound as it turns . only issue is that it does not always suction very well .
i really like these crib sheets . who knows if the babies like the sports and bear designs , but hte adults love them !
these stuck on the corners of our custom made sandbox for about a day ! then they fell right off . great for the one day though .
when folding the stroller it pops off . can't find a good place where it will stay put ! when it's there , i like it though !
i love these bottles and liners ! they get rid of half my washing since i don't have to wash bottles . they're a lifesaver
this frog is great , it looks pretty comfy and it's perfect size for my 19 months old daughter . washes easily . great potty .
these are awesome and stay put for my 11 month old . good value too for how many u get . will buy again
i would not suggest this until babies get older , my 12 week old won't take because the nipple is to long for her .
will hold 6 bottles but not much room left for ice packs , does better with 4 bottles and ice packs .
good and practice to clean baby stuff at kitchen and use a different thing to the normal cleaning things at the kitchen
this bowl is awesome . it sticks right to the table and does not move ! it is a little small but i think it is a great bowl .
works great . i bought this one and another one from american baby . i love this one , and so does my baby !
love this - makes your kitchen sink area look so much more festive would def buy the flower too to hold bottle nipples and accoutrements .
this crib skirt is something different from what is usually available . looks nice with the bedding and makes room look cozy .
my baby enjoys these during her bathtime . she likes the holes in the bottom that water flows out of . it's nice that they float as well .
these are a nice size , good looking , and absorbent ! we loved them so much we bought a second pack . we found other cloths too small .
there wider spoons that makes it easier for the little ones to eat cereal or peas ... etcthey are strong little spoons
such a cute add on for a carseat and my baby loves the mirror ! easy to remove and put back on if needed to !
my daughter is amazed with this ball and loves it ... it is probably her favorite toy that she got for christmas ! ! !
fits the 3 inch dream on me mattress nicely . the quilting is just the right thickness and softness . washes well .
love the color and it was much easier to put on than the original cover . very soft and worth the $ $
this product really helps my toddler get to where he wants to go . it is sturdy and nice looking . plus , it folds up .
great value and very practical pack . easy cleanup and simple to use . highly recommended ... * gives playtex a high five - way to go !
i returned these because the arms were unusually long and even when rolled up , they would unrole and frustrate me like crazy .
i have been using this tray for more than 6 months . i put baby fodo in there and freeze it . easy to clean up and store .
good quality . good price . did the job . my baby girl used it thoroughly . i bought more but this time a pack .
my 2 1/2 year old grandson loves his booster seat . it makes a nice transition from highchair to sitting at the table .
my daughter did not reject these like she did the other brand i purchased , therefore , i'm going to stick with this brand .
our little one was a little hesitant to relax in the seat like in his regular infant carrier , but after a few rides he loved it !
loved this jumper . my babies loved to jump around in this and play . it helped strengthing their legs and help them to walk .
item is flimsy but it does the job . size is good and my son used this at his previous daycare during meals .
i absolutely love this ... except it doesn't fit my cell :/ i wish it did though ! it does fit the 1st generation of nokia lumia phones though ..
loved these socks for cruising and early walking stage . designs are gorgeous . value decent . wish i could find them larger as baby has now outgrown them .
i love these . they are soft on the handles and seem to be well made and easy for a two year old to handle .
it is well constructed and it is made with good materials . i am satisfied with this little bag for my 1 year-old .
i love these much better than the pocket diaper . the leg gussets help contain everything in the " poop pocket " . very absorbent & no leaks .
so important helps protect mobile babies so they don't hurt themselves . nicely priced and easy to install product . would buy again
bought these for my daughter to use with my grandson and she says they work great . highly recommend them to others ,
these are ok , the lids have a tendency to pop off in the freezer . i probably wouldn't buy them again .
these were perfect to replace my worn out parts . everything i needed plus extras . highly recommend for medela freestyle pump
works like a charm and very nice looking and soft , , , , , , , , , ,
it serves it's purpose and works for toting bottles and baby food back and forth between home and daycare . i like the top compartment separation .
my baby has great time eating fruits with this feeder . easy to clean and store . is a great way to get your baby used with textured food .
it is a great product but as an adult instead of a child they bunch up under your weight when you sit on it
this will be good for holding purses as well as small shopping bags or a small diaper bag great product
holds plenty and has stayed mounted on our tile wall for the past 5 months with no problem .
this is a nice option to the disposable ones ... easy to wash and comes with its own bag for washing .
i have yet to use this product . i am sure some people find this a helpful product i do not have any use for it
after a couple of washes these sheets shrink and then rip at the seams when you try to put them on . wouldn't recommend .
these are more expensive than other baby wash cloths but they are so soft and wash wonderfully . they will be in our house for years to come .
like this bath kneeler , it's comfortable and does ease the pressure on your knees when kneeling down to give the baby a bath in the tub .
the towels are a good quality and have held up well . the are really pretty too . we love them . l
this is absolutely fantastic . provides back support for very young ones and keeps them contained so they can play safely .
perfect for shaking the formula if you're out and about . nothing leaks out . i use the dr . brown's pitcher at home which is awesome .
i love it we use it all the time and the baby loves it i could not live without it
i love these and i hope that someday soon my daughter will too . right now , she thinks they're great for teething !
a must have item for parents with kids who like to throw things . it keeps us from running around chasing his stuff on crowded dirty floors .
these wipes are gentle to our baby's bottom and stay very moist in the packs . they are worth the money !
much thinner than most washcloths . i use these as a back-up to when we run out of the thicker ones .
one is softer , one is harder ( that's what she said ) … baby loves the soft one right now . can't really go wrong here .
its an interesting idea , but it simply isn't capturing my child's interest . it is cute and well made , but our daughter just isn't interested
just took it out the dryer ! ! ! perfect with the simple human trash can . i use it everyday and would highly recommend !
this mini crib mattress is sufficient , but not of great quality . i only use it for visitors , it's not good enough for longterm use .
what a great chair . different positions come in handy and i love that i can take it wherever . definately recommend .
great walk through baby gate . easy to install and is sturdy to our one year old pulling up on it .
her favorite teethers . daughter immediately took to these . spend the extra $ . those hard rings are too tough on their gums .
this brush does not last more than a month . the xo brush is much better , you will spend a decent amount of money replacing these .
my son loves to chomp on this even more than the ever popular sophie giraffe ( and this is mug less expensive ! ) . great buy .
easy to wipe , clear so that it goes with any decor and it does what it states . keeps carpet and floor clear for our messy little explorers !
happy with these . i wish i would have gotten them when i first started nursing instead of 3 months in .
these are so cute and much easier to keep track of . i have two of these now and highly recommend
the smell does not go away . we washed it , put it outside , sprayed it down with febreeze . nothing works ! it smells like plastic death .
prefer these or nuk . truly doesn't not drip out unlike other cups such as playtex or nuk . i will be buying more
great for support for my newborn and he seemed to like it . only thing i wish was a different fabric - this made him sweat in the summer .
this product requires little if any " fine tuning " out of the box and displays a high fidelity picture with audio even across the house .
pros : easy to use , clean and bring along.cons : the food can't be smashed to very small piece , not for baby who just started solid food .
it's a cute book.probably best for little ones under two because there is only one page.also , it makes a crinkle sound .
its very pretty and soft . cleans very easily , dries very fast . love it ! design is very nice . i have in few colors
i lugged my infant around for weeks in his carrier when i didn't have to ! i love this stroller .
this light is perfect for my daughter's room ! it provides just the right amount of light & she likes to change the colors .
i am doing a picture book online for my little one , so this gives me a place to store all of his little momentos
it's great , but why can't you have the straw inside be stainless steel too ? it stinks that a plastic straw is in there polluting my son's water ...
i picked these up at a local babies-r-us - cheap and perfect for cleaning all the nooks and crannys of kid's cups and bottles .
these are so tiny , but everyone thought they were cute and enjoyed playing the game . ! ! they do break easily due to petite size .
my son love it . he won't eat if he doesn't see it . thank you very much . will buy it again .
for one year to start a good dental hygiene , he loves having his gum massaged , it also gives a refreshing taste .
easy cleaning and perfect for diapers . i will buy a bigger one when lo fetsr older . designs are cute and modern . love the idea
excellent quality , door opens and closes very easily , we are very pleased with this product .
thought they would be bigger ... crib size . however , i like that these can be dried . some crib pads can not .
easy to use , easy to wash , pretty colors and baby enjoys to be fed from any one of them ! score
these are great at keeping the diaper bin fresh . they do such a good job that we forget to empty it until it gets full . no odor leakage
it feels safe ! my children cannot take them off ; it makes u feel your children are safe and that's why is a perfect product !
my little 5 month old loves these and they look great on him too ! a little big , but he'll grow into them .
we keep one in the freezer for baby to chew on when her teeth are bothering her and she loves it . highly recommend .
great ! comfy ! the more you wash the softest it becomes ! fits a standadr mattress perfectly . mommy and baby love it !
these towels are not only cute , but they are super soft . they are perfect for a baby getting out of the tub . i would recommend these !
works in my dishwasher for bottles . can't complain does what it says it will do . i like the bottle top holder .
did not test this item but historically have had trouble with them shrinking in the dryer . air dry us best . otherwise live them .
if i were to buy another mini crib mattress , this would not be the one . it is too thin and very hard .
it is well made , feels sturdy , and perfect for its purpose . definitely worth it for the price if this is what you need .
i bought this to go with the car seat we bought . it's perfect and very handy . i think it was worth the money .
it's a great quality product , a little big for my table but i reccomended 100 % for those people who looks for comfort and safety .
no assembly required , easy to set up just open push mat in and your done nice carrying case it even has a conveinient handle
very hard to suck out liquid . ended up being a waste of money because my toddler found it too hard to use .
i love being able to measure the liquid that i put in this sippy cup . the design has not chipped off either after several washings .
this is a wonderful changing pad . i have had it for a year with absolutely no complaints . highly recommend it !
works just like the base that came with the seat . it is helpful to have an extra base for my husband's car and for the sitter's car .
i use these every day and run them through the dishwasher . they are durable and a good size to put 6 oz of yogurt or 1/2 of avocado .
mold is a no no so drill away ot with a knife cut some x's in there regardless they are squishy adorable . bath time fun !
this did not fit the uppababy g-luxe stroller . so , we are returning this . it also has a strong plastic smell .
very well-made and easy to use . my daughter now doesn't like her feet covered , so i will save this for the next baby !
i like this diaper cover ! love the snaps and sizing . haven't experienced any leaks thus far . fits well and washes well !
i add these to my prefolds and / or to my fitteds to make them more absorbent . they work great ! i would recommend them !
works functionally , but it's very rough on baby's bottom . i only use bumkins now , since they are so much softer .
if you have a small room then this is a must have . very sturdy , doesn't take much space but has a lot of room for the baby .
these are versatile and cheap . i have misplaced many bottle lids , and these have done the trick of replacing them .
this sheet is so soft and comfy ! great buy ! this kind of material is the best , it doesn't come off the matteress or shift or bunch
my toddler loves this spout . i would give it five stars except that the spout has a tendency to implode in the bottle sometimes .
soft to the touch and these were great for my new grandson . these don't scrub his skin . i highly recommend these .
this thing is awesome ! ! my 3 month old son adores the mobile and the music is very soothing ! ! ! love the remote too ! !
these are soo much better than the standard ones that everyone has . these are great burp cloths and great for drooling babies .
it's fast and works perfect . just what i needed to pump 1 day a week without an electrical outlet ..
so far i've only used the stroller link ... it's comfortable and has a nice elasticity , but i wish it was a smidgen longer .
my daughter loves this jumper . she spends quite a bit of time in it during the day . the activities keep her busy for quite a while .
perfect to store those bathtub toys in , great suction as it has not fallen down with a toddler pulling on it and throwing toys at it .
i brought this for my 6 month old granddaughter and sheloves them , they stay on her wrist and she shakes herhands all around .
i've one from munchkin before and it plain sucked . i wish someone told me about this mixer earlier ! it's powerful and works great .
little hands love shaking it . as it rolls they can see the face and chase . would buy as gift for others .
both my 3 - year old and my 1 - year enjoy stacking and pouring with these in the bath tub . happy with them !
this container is almost impossible to open & it seems as though it gets tighter over time ! try any other container & you won't have this problem !
keeps the wetness in and traps bad odors , the print is really cute and it washes well . still looks like new 4 months on .
great idea for new parents plus i love the lights because i can see it in the dark . great product ! worth the money ! !
just bought the product in us web site , and finally found out the original is china , what a joking for me !
this sheet is soft , ideal for baby's skin . i recommend , the sheet was the perfect mattress and i liked it a lot .
these are my favorite brand . both inserts are nice . they are similar to other cd inserts . so sometimes i have interchange inserts .
this is really nice and big , so it definitely protects heads from bumping into the spout . it's easy to put on also .
baby loves reaching for this toy . helps teach them to grab and hold items . great for dexterity . the bright colors catch their attention .
great seat . feel safe having my son in it . easy set up for base - sturdy .
threw it out in a month .. it taps water under it because it had lots of suckers and auctions too the tub ... just disgusting
my daughter absolutely loves this thing . she's 6 months old and is constantly chewing and playing with it . makes so many different noises , it's great !
it just never stayed charged for a reasonable time . i don't know if i did something wrong but it never worked as i expected .
so soft and keeps my carrier clean ! my daughter loves it and so do it ! so glad i bought it .
good for small amounts of diapers . only holds 4-5 diapers per bag . good for a short trip not good for ever day usein the nursery .
i have not tried this yet with the batteries but it was very easy to assemble . also does not take up much space .
great and thick quality . it can be used for both girls and boys . i can't wait to use it for my little boy .
really pretty bedding set , im not to fussed on the comforter being polyester but its only there for show in our crib
good product , usefull ! ! ! buy it if you are looking for quality to your life ; soft and easy to use it . our kids love it
this work really well with the medela symphony breast pump . they are easy to clean and they did their job well .
i like this holder . i have a double citimini stroller which lacks anywhere to put anything ! this works great and is really easy to install .
i ended up returning it , since it didn't fit my window , but it was nicely made & decently priced . i can't really complain .
honestly i can't remember why i bought this funnel ... maybe i thought i could use somehow .. but i haven't got a chance to use it .
high quality materials make me feel better to give to my son to chew on . highly recommend if your child needs something to bit on .
this is a great product , that is totally useful . easy to clean , carry and travel with , i highly recommend it .
my grandbaby loves a ball she can cup in her hand and these are perfect . hard and does not bend when mashed ..
i love the cute design of the monkey and the lightweight fabric . it complimented my jungle themed babies ' room and washes well .
these are perfect ! i suggest everyone get one for your highchair , stroller and car seat ! they've fit every sippy cup we've tried .
the bunny is so soft and the perfect size for little kids . the details on the face make it so cute !
i like how it rests on the table without touching the spoon part to the table . cute colors too . highly recommend .
loved this product , works great for baby to make comfortable and soft and cuddly , great color and easy to clean
great product for parents and children . calms the parents and the child . would recdommend it for others . i love it
easy to mold , easy to handle before it dried , and i painted them with acrylic paint with no problems ! turned out beautiful !
these are almost adult sized and the knife actually works , so they are perfect for an older toddler / pre-schooler . good quality .
my son didn't like the nipples . not the bottles fault . i wish he would have because it's a great system for pumping .
not sure how to review this other than to say it does the job . make sure you are ordering the right one for your pump though .
elegant color and pattern , i bring it around to nurse baby in public place . never give me a trouble.definitely worth buying .
i loved this stroller . my daughter is 3 now and we occasionally still use it on outings when walking long distance .
buying these lets me extend the life of all my son's sippys . these valves make or break the sippy , so glad they were a resonable price .
mirror is good but it does not stand up on its own very well and it keeps on falling over .
love the little animal shaped door jammer . definately protect my little daughter's fingers ( and she loves playing with the doors ) . highly recomended .
my son absolutely loves this . the combination of bright colors , lights and music captures his attention . he can just stare at himself and talk .
i read somewhere online that the thinkbaby and born free sippy conversions were interchangable , but the handles did not fit on my glass born free bottles .
my son loves elephants so i was very happy to find this elephant book bag . it is well made and not too large for a two year old .
this is a nice little potty , however i wish it was a little heavier ; it's way too easy to push around .
does everything i expected it to do . easy to take on and off or just to lift in order to get my son out . perfect !
great table topper set . comes with a bunch . sticks on all four sides and does it's job .
high contrast pictures of this toy attract our baby's attention for a long time . she has lots of fun with it .
thank goodness for these ! great packaging because i go through a lot as they should be changed often . no plastic so they breathe .
this is the perfect size for little hands . the baby loves to grasp it and shake it . great colors that keep baby interested .
works great in the car , very clear . i can see my kiddo easily from the front seat . would recommend to anyone .
used for medela pump in style advanced model , this is a perfect fit . no complaints it works as it should .
these spoons are perfect for an infant just learning to eat . the rubber is soft for her to bite and the size is perfect for their little portions .
this brand of bottles were both of my kids ' favorite bottles and mine . they seemed the easiest to clean of all the bottles we had .
i really like this changing pad . suits our needs . we have the carters super soft changing pad cover and it fits this changing pad well
we use dr brown's bottles , and also medela bottles for pumping . it does exactly what you would expect a drying rack to do !
my boy love the bowl . non slip and the side easy to hold too .
this is a great teether for my daughter , she is able to grasp it easily and she loves the soft rubbery texture .
i have a prince lionheart wipe warmer that fits perfectly on top . the diaper bin has enough space for around 14 size 3 pampers diapers .
it is very brightly colored and will keep my grandson busy once he gets a little older and it was affordable .
very durably but a bit of a pain to use since it's not a sponge .
this is very cute and interactive . i think it is cleverly done and hope as my son gets older he will be more interested in it .
baby loves to grab . we got green . hes just mad because he cant really get it into his mouth to chew on it .
such a life saver :) perfect for babies around 6 mnth at the stage were they want to explore world around them
i keep these in the fridge when i am not using them . they feel oh so good on sore nipples .
the contour of these spoons are comfortable for me to hold while feeding my baby . the scoop easily catches any drips or extra food .
comfy for my kids but is a bit small . also doesn't work as great for boys but works well for my daughter .
my baby is 6 month old.she start to eat solid food .. good product , it's cheaper than other site . that's enough .
my toddler is getting into everything . i put some toys in with him and i know he's safe while i get ready for work . nice space .
first one we got was manufactured wrong and wouldn't click in so it was replaced . this one works as described .
my 7 month old was able to grip this cup easily , & there were no drips ( even when he tosses it around ) !
love this bra . helps with hands free pumping . useful for pumping while at home or work . would highly recommend this item .
these bags work great , take them to the sitter's daily or when we're out and they never leak , or anything . i would highly recommend .
looks great in the photos , but not sure how much those little hooks will hold in weight . only time will tell
love this ! i bought this for my son's bath tub and it works wonders . he loves the fun whale shape and colors .
perfect when you have limited space . solid construction and design . easy to clean and granddaughter seems very comfortable in it .
so far so good hope they hold up the baby loves them i would recomend them to all with new babys
easy to install , easy to use . does what was promised . would buy again .
i loved these swaddlers . they are cute , easy to use , wash nicely , keeps baby swaddled . i had about 6 of them .
perfect for my 1 year old to hold and learn how to feed himself ! also perfect for when i feed him too !
the daycare workers were offended by the book at first but after explaining its usefulness they realized how handy it is becoming .
this storage basket has plenty of room and will fit any tub since it is adjustable . there are slots so everything dries .
love these with my own kids and they are great for my own grandchildren.wash well . nice design . a must for new babies .
this is so soft and our little one absolutely adores all gund products because he likes to touch and snuggle the fabric . highly recommend !
tubing works just like it should in my medela pump . i love the pump and would reccommend it to any breast feeding / pumping mommies out there .
comfortable . the price is high for the plastic piece . it is hard to clean . some stains on the surface are bulldog .
great pillow but i didn't really use it when he was a baby , when he was older i did .
it's the best soft bib i have come across . i bought two of these for my son and also gifted it to 3 friends .
my twins love this mattress . i am glad i got them and we have not had any issues with them going to sleep or sleeping on this mattress
i sent this back , it was so big ! i'm 5 ' 5 and it fits half of my body . it was gynormous for my toddler .
everything we wanted it to be . can be used on our umbrella stroller and bumbleride stroller to keep our 10 month old warm .
its a great idea and we still use it but it barely holds three lids and membranes for my sons nuk sippy cups .
the image is warped and blurry , makes me nauseated to look back in the mirror . also terrible suction . i wouldn't buy it again .
this gets into all the cracks and crannies of my baby's bottles and i also use it to clean my pumping things . i would recommend it .
love nuk bottles ! i wish they were cheaper , but you do get what you pay for ! they are the only bottles my baby likes !
i bought this for a baby girl gift . this is a wonderful blanket and it looks beautiful in the crib . all the carter's products are my favorite .
this is by far my favorite snack contaier yet . it is made well , very sturdy and holds a decent amount . easy to keep clean .
i love this toy ! my son especially likes the crinkly wings and the teether . this is a great one because it really grows with the child .
beautiful rattle from sassy , i bought the phone too . excellent quality , nicely done
was not expecting it to be as durable and sturdy as it is ! ! very nice quality ! i bought 2 - about to buy 2 more ! !
my 2 year old loves turtles . this is a great bath time toy . he plays with it even out of the tub !
very easy to assemble , and the exact size i was looking for . folds down much easier than i thought and 10x better than an umbrella stroller !
thick quilted padding creates softness but does not sacrifice safety ; fits mattress well ; cotton fabric for easy washing and drying .
the lip on this is necessary for boys ! looks nice , cleans well , travels well , stays put . it's perfect for my 3 year old .
my little guy loves this pacifier very much . it's nice because he had hang onto it too . the ducky is super cute !
this thing is adorable as well as useful . the brush is very soft and keeps baby's hair looking kempt . the comb works nicely too . would recommend !
i really like the spoon / fork combination utensil . it's the only one my daughter can eat her oatmeal with . very nice product .
can't beat the price for this seat ! this seat works out great for us since we don't really eat on our dinner table .
something about the wide style of the graco my ride 65 didn't work with this cover . i had to return it .
i bought this on sale and was very impressed by the quality . the jersey material is very soft , but not cheap .
love these for breast milk storage . easy to use for storage and easy with no mess when ready to use . would highly recommend .
the opening was too small so my dad had to pierce a bigger hole . my son hates this sippy unfortunately . will not buy again
these plates are great for my toddler . he uses them daily . they are easy to clean , the bright colors make them fun to use .
my baby loves these blankets . i live in hawaii and they are perfect for the weather . they keep him warm yet and breathable for him
this cup holder never stays on . even with exchanging the parts and size pieces it comes with . i'd rather hold my drink than fight with this .
my granddaughter is starting to teethe so i bought this for her ... she loves it ! so colorful and she plays with it a lot ...
we haven't really used it but we have set it up . i think its really pretty cool . the price was right too !
its nice colorful straw cup . the only issue i have with this product is putting the straw back after removing them for cleaning .
but expensive for what it is , but its a great addition to our daughters seuss themed room yeay ! woo hoo
cheaply made but my 8 month old still plays with 2 of them , the third is ripped . cheap but entertaining .
makes preparing milk bottles and feeding the baby so easy , my husband never complains when it's time for him to get a bottle ready and it's easy to store
love the rubber bottoms . keeps the bowls in place . very nice quality . they have been through the dishwasher many times and still look good .
the soothie is the only pacifier that our baby will take . the pink and purple ones are great and make our little girl look even cuter !
these work great to keep kids out of the plugs and are easy enough to remove by an adult . we use them in our nursery .
just got this in the mail and the store tag that was on it had created a hole in the material .
great , i just loved the baby mute button pacifier ! it arrived in a timley manner in great condition and looked even better than described in the ad .
i like these types of clips with the strap , rather than the ring that only work with certain pacifiers . this worked well with our avent pacifiers .
this product sucks . better off using the old-fashion aspirator you get " free " from the hospital . a pain to clean and air too .
go buy some baby aspirin and bandaids and save yourself the money from this worthless first aid kit . what a waste of money !
love this thing . first time trying one of these with this type of clasp . works great . really cute and very gender neutral !
my granddaughter is only 8 months old and she loves elmo . this was a great item for her and reasonably priced .
good toddler toilet seat . no issues . fits well on long toilet seat . it does come up a little easier then i thought but still no issues .
these have stood up very well in our dishwasher and hold all of our baby's bottles and parts . a must have ! !
my 2 year old eats all by her self , and this helps to keep food from falling out , works very good ! ! ! i love it ...
works great and nice to take along for sleepovers and for changing diaper in a public restroom ! price was good to !
this chair is great for my baby . it's convenient and just the right size . he's comfortable in it and it will grow with him .
it goes well with carter's velour sheets . i bought them in brown and green . i recommend buying it if you are considering it .
i like this toy to shove in a bag because it is relatively quiet even when the volume is all the way up .
the lid is a little tough to get off . i also bought the avent dispenser and like it much better .
it is softer than some of the hard plastic ones and sits snuggly on our toilet . would recommend it for toddlers starting potty training .
bought for our short 3 year old daughter for a bathroom after she had been potty trained and it works as advertised .
the babe loves these bath toys . the texture is pleasing and these don't stink like they've gold moldy water in them . a good buy i'd say !
these worked as advertised and i am still suing the bottles for various things even though i no longer pump .
my son loves this teething blanket and uses it all the time . the edges are all different and the sounds the blanket makes really interest him .
everything perfect , i love it , its an excellent britax price and quality are great ! i love it really ! thanks for all
love these , super cute . i do think it's kind of weird that there are only random extra lower case letters .
loved it and the baby too . it hugs the crib mattress even though the crib is smaller than the standard ones . very satisfied .
so much better then just regular clippers . much safer then the other ones . makes life easy . buy them trust me
works great for my children's bathroom , doesn't slide off ( have shower pull ) , and the kids enjoy washing the whale clean .
it served its purpose , but there are better bath pads out there . i always worried about it mildewing so i threw it away .
my 21 month old can open them . he pushes the green button than pulls with all his might and the lock opens right up .
my son has family pictures in it and he loves it . he look at the pictures every day . he is 16 months . album is well made .
these are okay . i probably won't buy them again . i didn't experience much difference using this product . there has to be something better on the market .
my baby was reluctant to take it at first , but then she loved it . i think that any pacifier after certain age can cause teeth problems eventually .
multiple colors , inexpensive and good for a ton of uses . get at least one set , they'll come in handy i promise .
these do the job and , unlike other inserts i've tried , these still look brand new after washing and don't show any stains .
was looking for a paci holder that would fit the little gumdrop paci's my grandbaby used . this was just the thing . looks great and does the job !
without these , your ameda pump will not work at all . i bought these as back up because these are small parts and easy to lose .
nice sized play mat for an infant . it is cute and colorful and has a variety of fun sensory items on this mat that keeps my baby entertained !
the yin and yang of disposable liners is having to keep buying more . but it beats washing bottles all day long .
this is a top quality changing pad and i highly recommend it . it is well made & very durable plus amazon has it cheaper than retail stores .
a very fun and sturdy toy ! it reminds me of the olds spinning tops of yesteryear i used to play with :)
glad i went ahead and bought the bigger size . i find it much more comfortable and i'm getting more milk
this works exactly like it says . really helpful for me while i introduce my little one to different foods . it is a must have for any mother .
i got these , they do what they say they do . now i just have to wait to see if they help with no breaks .
high quality , durable , and keeps wipes moist .. the weighted top is nice and allows for one handed wipe removal which is sometimes essential !
ill shaped ! ! ! not big enough . came apart at the top seam . overall , not a good buy . would not buy again .
perfect size for my toddler to reach the sink in the bathroom . he also likes the design and it feels very stable . highly recommend .
great product great quality , and goes right over my sons head so it doesnt scratch his neck , i would buy more
this is a great step stool for little ones . it has the ability to remain stable even when she puts it on uneven surfaces . i love it !
tried this a few times when my little guy was going through some painful gas episodes , but nothing ever came out . waste of money for me unfortunately .
this pillow is awesome , super comfy ! ! ! it helped me ( a lot ) to sleep during pregnancy and i still use it !
it's much former than i anticipated , but we solved that with a memory down top from target . still worth it though !
with this and a stool my two year old can reach the water without me having to hold him up .
this is a nice walk about walker for a smaller child . there were lots of reviews that it doesnt move but it glides on my carpet fine .
work as it shouldvery nice little thing to dry your bottles and keep ants away . not suitable for glass bottles .
easy to assemble , doesn't take up a lot of space , fits a decent amount of itmes , and it spins
extremely easy to use and care for ; absorbent ; non-leaking over-night ; grows with child . great color selection . i highly recommend these diapers !
i live in an apartment and play space is a premium , this is great and takes up very little space
product wears out after frequent use but more comfortable than standard fit breastshields . still worth the money to ease the discomfort while pumping . would purchase again .
these work great and they are super cute ! i've used them for both of my sons in their car seats .
love the small brush for washing the baby bottle nipples . don't care to much for the rotary handle on the large brush but the spongy part is nice .
easy to fold , light , and durable after many plane rides and gate checks . i would highly recommend it for the price .
nice cloths , but way over priced . they compare to what you can buy at target for baby cloths . i wouldn't spend the money on here .
light and easy to transport . underneath storage is also very convenient . much better than our massive stroller we got with the first one .
way too firm and bends in the middle when a sheet is put on . had to return it for these reasons .
our baby loves this robe , it's very nice and soft . the color and design were just as pictured . we would definitely recommend this product .
love this ! my son throws all his random toys in the drawers , books in the shelving . we stack puzzles and other toys on top it's great .
great style mirror for tummy time . my daughter likes the little ladybug with the black / white rolly ball rattle on it .
got one of these for a new cousin . our son loved his sassy ring and happily the little cuz loves hers too . =)
not a big fan of it . my daughter wont wear it and if you don't hold on to it when pouring it falls off .
was needing a slightly smaller pad to fit an ikea gulliver changing table and this is it . quite plush and durable .
these stay in and my toddler can't get them out but they are easy to put in and take out for adults . a hard combo to find .
these are such a nice , soft , fuzzy velour . the colors are exactly as pictured - gender neutral and bright but not overwhelming .
super para esos primeros meses de los babys . livianos , no ocupan mucho espacio y son perfectos cuando ellos crecen mas , para darles el agua .
i bought this for my twin girls and was really excited to use it at bath time , it worked for about five minutes and hasnt worked since .
pretty good cup , but at this point he can just drink from a normal plastic one .
i havn't seen it with a wiggly toddler yet , but with my newborn ... she's comfortable , it wipes clean reletivly easily , and baby doesn't go anywhere .
great idea but small for cloth diapering . we make it work though just because there aren't any other better options ...
contains but leaves marks on my baby's legs . they also don't last very long , because after a while they tear .
this was great for potty training and then great for teaching my son to go potty on his own . i would recommend this chair .
need to return and order something bigger . sun still gets in my sons face no matter where i place it .
this is a really nice hamperi purchased it for my future grandson's roomreally like it and looks great in the room
i am very upset about this purchase . i used this bag one time and some of the stitching is already coming undone . boo !
my son didnt seem to like this very much . i thought it would be a good teether but he didnt want it at all .
i was no able to find these in store so i bought them online . i love them . better to replace the valves than the whole cup !
very easy to use . texture variable , just grind longer for a softer texture . easy to clean by hand or dishwasher .
the sack is made from very warm fleece , thicker than i expected . the leg holes are very loose but can be secured with socks .
my 6 month old twin boy just love these . they are smaller than i thought but seem to be just right . they are super soft and bendy .
i love these snappis ! if you watch a video , so easy to use . and they don't make holes in your beautiful , cute dipes !
works great . it isn't too heavy , it folds up small enough to fit into diaper bag . would recommend to friends
i love the separate wet and dry compartments . it washes up well , fits everything i need , and is cute , too .
i bought this as a gift so i'm not sure myself ! but she seemed to like it . the box however came dented and much less than perfect :(
she could stay in here for an hour if i let her . she loves playing in here and jumping around .
great tub , perfect size for my newborn with plenty of room to grow . no complaints here . amazon has the best prices and fast delivery
perfect size , no leakage , soft fabric , cute pattern . what else is there to say ? ( except that i need two more words . )
very nice cleansing lotion . it has a very pleasant smell and cleanses the baby very well without irritating baby's delicate skin .
this is holding up really good my daughter drops it and it hits the hard floor a few times a day ! and still working
very cute jungle theme swing ... takes up quite a bit of room because of leg separation but our baby loves it ...
great liner - helping to save our diapers . feels soft on my son's bottom . protects my diaper from getting stains
these are great nipples they hold up well in the dishwasher and i love the bottles . very happy with this purchase .
these were too small , and did not fit my bosch stove gas handles . =( sad i couldn't use these , but the concept is great .
feels great ! nice and soft and i love that it's organic materials . i purchased another after receiving the first one !
bigger than i thought . very cute , seems a good value for the money . nice bold colors and good size for baby to grab onto .
pros : stays in placefun colorseasy to cleaneasty to stack / storecons : could be a tad larger , such as to fit a sandwitch and chips
great price , great reviews . fits the crib perfectly . was 50 dollars less expensive than at babies r us . standard crib size .
we used this for both of our boys and am glad to say they are now successfully trained . this is a low price , high quality option .
pros : easy to usekeeps the smell outsleek designcons : you have to keep buying those special bags ( but worth it )
better than most of the crap child-proofing products out there that i've bought . makes me feel better about the low windows in my 4 - year-old's room .
my kids loved this ! from when they were 1 month to about 9 months ( and i still find them playing with it occasionally at 1 year ) .
this ring is much too big for an infant to teethe on . totally useless if your child is in the early phases of teething .
avent pacifiers are always very well-made , and my daughter absolutely love them . she won't put pacifiers from other brands in mouth .
my baby is chewing the stick all the time . they're very helpful reaching to the hard to reach places with regular teethers
my son loves this , it is not that exciting personally but he loves the colors and it makes a great little night light .
engages a young mind with its puzzle pieces . works as a seat and tabletop . it's fun to look at , too .
didn't find a skip hop product i didn't like . it is high quality , soft and safe for baby . i would recommend it for sure .
overall works good . no problems using it . make sure to follow the directions and not heat it up too long .
these are very thin and cheap feeling , only good thing is that they are good for diaper bag b / c they don't take up any room .
these are great trays and perfect little cube portions . i have had some baby food frozen in them for 3 months with no sign of freezer burn .
47 x 47 is great for swaddling from newborn to infancygreat quality baby shower giftlightweight , breathable material and easy to swaddlegreat for all seasons
irts breathable , and we like the safety piece of it . , we started using it after our daughter was 7 months old . hope this helps
this jumper is nicely designed , streamline and more durable than other jumpers . i highly recommend this one , despite difficulty getting out of it .
love this product for my baby . use it all the time and they are still looking good despite the weekly washes
they are ok to me . at the same time , i think other washcloths work just as well . i needn't have bought those especially for the baby .
these bibs are super thin and i hate that they make crinkly noises . i ended up not using them at all and just donated them to our daycare .
these toys are fun , but it seems no matter how dry you get them , black mold will eventually form inside .
i love this sheet ! it fits great with our mattress pad and mattress . super soft . nice color ( blue ) ! highly recommend ! !
doesn't work on umbrella stroller . :( otherwise it would probably be useful . good luck with it fitting another stroller to work .
these are fantastic . my son can grip them really well and he is now using utensils like a pro . would definately purchase again .
your baby will chew this without your help when he's teething . it'll calm him down for a while and sometimes it'll even help him go to sleep .
i can see that it would be comfortable but it was easier to bathe without this bulky item ... would not suggest .
love these things they are super nice and the portion size is nice quality is good too i plan on buying more
the spoon always tips and falls out of the baby's bowl ... food goes everywhere . opt for something with a lighter handle .
my wife bought this so she would a have a place to lay down with our daughter when she goes out . she really likes it .
nice and soft , perfect for winter ! it stands well to washing . i just wish there were more designs available in neutral colors .
only gave it this review because it was much bigger than " demi " would suggest and did not fit our stroller .
best thing about it is the music . even my 3 year old wanted to play with it . obviously it was for my 6 month old twins .
love the tranquil turtle ... very soothing . only complaint is that the batteries didn't work . highly recommend .
a little big for my 8lb newborn but she will grow into them ! color and quality are good - a little expensive .
we bought htis for our colicky baby . it didn't do much , but it was a good product in general . just be careful not to overheat .
this does exactly what it was intended to do . though , after many washings , the clip is rusty . guess that's what happens .
easy to assemble , easy to clean . doesn't take up lots of room . we love it and couldn't clean babies feeding items without it .
this bag is durable and fits all sizes of child seats . i would recommend it to anyone , especially if you travel .
my daughter absolutely loves this tub . when time to come out she cries . a must buy . would recommend this product
this 4oz should be slow nipple because it for newborn ! ! ! but the nipple is way too fast . my son almost choke using this !
love how its flexible and could go on different things but i wanted it for carseat and it doesn't fit well on that .
this was a super cute play mat for baby that turns into a fun crawl through tunnel as they grow . would definitely recommend or buy again .
we are using only bowls for now since my baby started solid food ( 4 months old ) . they are good products .
it worked well for a few weeks then the adhesive wore off and quit sticking . now it is just a crappy piece of plastic .
best bibs ever ! big enough , easy to clean , love the waterproof part at the back ... just little bit pricy but i hope it worth it ..
these made the best burp cloths . they're large , very absorbent , and thin enough that they dry quickly . extremely useful to have around .
it is a very pretty calendar . i wish it had stickers for holidays though . it would have been nice to have .
great durable product . i use these for baby wreaths and i have yet to receive any complaints from new parents .
soft and absorbent , not too thick . doesn't leave any lint on your breasts . i still prefer my bamboobies nursing pads .
got this for my little one but it didn't take her long to figure out how to pop it off .
perfect for my pack n play . i'm using this with my dream on me 3 " foam pack n play mattress and it fits perfect !
i like the look of this cute stuff . it hold my boy's head just right in the middle . good little thing to have !
i love jersey sheets . they are soft and warm without being too hot . this sheet stays on the mattress well - even with an active sleeper .
this gate is one of four we needed to baby-proof the house . it fits as described and was easy to install . very good .
i did not get the bottles that are pictured . i got the ones that do not bend . wish i would have got the new design .
i like avent for simple and safe designs .. and these pacifiers and cool looking pretty colors i have 2 more sets of these
both of our girls used these for simple swaddling and middle of the night diaper changes until they were old enough to roll over . can't recommend enough !
i love this stroller base . it is easy to fold and easy to push . it works very well for us and we use it often .
good quality product . airtight & easy to spin the lid to the next section & it grips well . nice color too !
big , easy to wipe down , and seems comfy ! i like that it has the options for the safety belt for when baby gets squirmy !
my wife has this and uses it everyday , she checks her email / does other stuff and she seems pleased with it .
not at all into this product ... plastic cheap looking lining . i dont want that polluting the air quality in my car ,
these seats are cute , easy to clean and seemingly comfortable . very easy to adjust to get a tight fit on the chair . highly recommend !
these leak from the top very badly - much more than the other toss and go cups . do not buy .
was very glad to find a back up battery for my older kodak pocket video camera . haven't opened it yet .
this has been a great starter kit for my daughter - we use all of the bowls and sippy cups for daycare .
bought this liner for our cloth diaper pail . it's perfect ! it doesn't hold odors , it's large , and it's washable . love it !
we like it but our son refuses to use it . looks great in the bathroom but he prefers the weepod seat .
this does it's job . i have to scrub the seat with a magic eraser because a normal wash cloth sometimes will not remove the food .
very cute design for a wet bag and its large enough to fit our pail without having too much extra . works great !
these are very sturdy and made well , but still easy for my son to use . this was a very good deal for a 2 - pack .
my little one simply loves this toy . i totally recommend it . it is great for hand coordination and its fun !
this carrier is great . i use it instead of hauling the carseat into stores and it keeps my son so much happier .
baby likes to be in the stroller , very lightweight , easy to fold and unfold , nice that it reclines . would recommend .
i like it ... i used it going shopping , my son still is learning to walk and help me keep him close .
brand new and in great shape . the product is perfect for teething baby , just as claimed . thanks . nice to do business with you .
i am really not happy with this pump.its super hard to clean , very uncomfy to use and it molded ...
way too large for my son's mouth , not a good teether . love that it is squishy and seems like it would feel nice if it were smaller .
this is great to attach to the car seat . it is a lifesaver when we are shopping . keeps her attention for hours .
bought this for our baby which is due very soon . i think it's very cute and loved that it came with a box to store it in .
ordered for a gift for first grandson . assembly is easy . very sturdy . excellent product and i love that it converts .
perfect for my thin , fine , fragile hair ! and they don't leave kinks in your hair after an all day pony tail . love em .
baby shower gift . love it and super cute . will shop again . shipped quickly and was perfect ! was loved by the parents to be .
good quality , nicely fit in graco travel lite playard . now i will hand it over to my friend's baby together with a crib .
great way to stay organized and see if you have too much of one size ! also adds a style to your closet
i have two of those and hang my purse and bags all the time ! ! ! even my older child holds it when we are in crowded place !
these are made of the " safest " plastic category out there and are the perfect size for my 4 year old .
they are great size for little children hands . they don't tip easily . they are easy to clean . they are good sizes for drinks .
i so in love with this pacifier ! so great ! ! ! i recommended to buy ! you love it . . very easy to use !
works really well . easy to install and move to correct positions . good size and made well . we bought 2 for each car . would recommend .
some kits don't come with all the parts you need . this one includes everything ! love that everything is already sterilized .
done my research and truly happy with my purchase ... my baby too ! believe that this is the best both in price and quality :)
this butterfly is very colorful . it has lots of different items to stimulate sound on it . it has many ways for an infant to hold it .
love how big they are in comparison to some other brands . i would buy all over again i just wish they sold them in larger quantities .
very comfortable . my son moves around the bed a lot but the attached sheet secures very tight at the corners and keeps my son in place .
good toy to grip . it does not make too much sound when shaken but still makes a good noise ! son loves it !
this is a cute swing . but very bulky and takes up a lot of room . very soft and comfy for baby .
a very useful accessory for smashing vegetables and fruits , the design prevents that the food slip while you're pushing them .
we needed a matching booster for our other car and this is great ! the parts wash well , it is adorable and easy to move !
easy to hold . has withstood a few drops . perfect size . no complaints . like oxo line of products . might purchase another .
i ordered this for my daughter . i ordered this color but got a green one instead . i was disappointed . it's an okay zippy cup .
i wouldn't buys these as they are cheap , but they are working until we have the back and side windows tinted .
i have not using this product because my baby is too young i worry about hurting him , but the price is good , i will use it later .
keeps my child's pacifiers in the crib , she hasn't been able to use it to climb out , and she hasn't suffocated in it either .
this item is smaller then expected but very useful . this item is good for mashing small items like bananas . moms will enjoy using this
much needed for our stroller since it did not come with a cup holder.sturdy construction , adjustable clamp , and fits most size cups .
baby does chew on it and like it , but i could hang any teether on my neck too , and the baby would use it
baby did not warm up to these either . i am not a fan of this design . my baby did better with medela bottles .
this is the real deal , works perfectly , fit's like a charm . totally recommend this if your looking for replacement parts .
we used this for a short time and eventually it just collected dust . there's options out there that aren't as clunky if your taking it to go .
these are great for babies and tummy time ! i like the concept but the quality could have been better . maybe it's just the one i got .
very cute spout cover ! my daughter gets a kick out of it and luckily it looks safe enough if she were to hit against it
works to get the job done . nice option for traveling or when putting dirty nappies in a public trash can .
this works great but the main velcro that attaches around the cart handle will not work with every cart type .
have the bedding set and this is perfect . i didn't want to overdo it with one theme but i couldn't pass on this lamp .
this is buy for my husband , let him have a good with children , ha ha , should be very handsome , do a super milk dad
the pink and purple bottles are made in china while the standard color bottles are still made in the us . why make them differently ? ?
we tried all the pacifiers on the market before my son would take one - this one and this one alone .
pump works well and is very high quality . the pump handle could be in a better place , but other than that seems to work great !
these are great . dont leak & are great for storing milk in the fridge . i feel good knowing that they are obviously bpa free .
i never get to use the cleaning bags , but i love to have the extra set of bottles and valves . they are absolutely necessary .
easy to clean , easy to put on . big enough to cover shirt . super cute . i would recommend , i love them .
fred is a great toy ! when ever he is touched , he starts moving forward and barking / whining . my munchkin loves to follow him around !
this bottle warmer works great with the born free bottles . it works fast easy and consistently . definitely worth the money .
great product . well made and versitle . i use it on our bugaboo bee and its a perfect fit .
i just wish it was softer ... my son keeps wanting to take it out and make a lot of mess ! !
still don't use it that much , but when i do she sees to like it and as she gets older she will like more .
i got this for my daughter when she was 5-6 mos old . she immediately took to it and is one of her favorite toys almost 3 months later .
these hooks are awesome . i'm currently using them on my city versa and they are so easy to use and move if needed .
nice looking potty , white insert is removable for easy cleaning . cute color , yellow lining on bottom of potty . and is bpa free ! ! !
the cotton was soft initially , but i was disappointed that it became somewhat rough after washing .
these are a must have for cloth diaper-ers . the fact that they are flushable sold me right away : septic-safe as well .
product is exactly what we were looking for . fits perfect , absolutely no issues . would recommend to anyone looking for replacement caps .
i have given 3 of the bags away as gifts and everyone has loved it ! the quality is good and the size is perfect for kids 1-4 .
the medela nursing pads worked just fine for me , especially for overnight use . i also used them as a backup during the day with the lilz pads .
great bottle brush ! it's easy to keep clean and from becoming moldy like other brushes i've had . i would buy this again and recommend it highly .
this is one of the best baby items for wearing my baby during the cold months .. plus my hands are warm too ! awesome price too !
perfect size for toddler hands . they can be cleaned in the dishwasher . what more could you ask for in kids forks ?
looks good . kids have a hard time getting it off . not fancy , but does what it is supposed to do .
i have used a towel to kneel on that works as good as this . however it is handy and certainly better than nothing .
my son loves this teether it helps soothes his gums when they are in pain . i would recommend to all mothers
i am only giving it 3 stars because there is no celsius . i do not use f here . help if possible
bought two sets for twins . bit pricey , but totally worth the money . clean easy and the snaps are strong to keep babies from pulling them off .
its a little expensive but i think it helps my daughter keep up with her paci . plus it is adorable too !
the curved , elevated edge makes this the perfect plate for toddlers learning to feed themselves . i also rec the oxo fork and spoon !
i love all avent products and this has not disappointed me . i started using them when baby was 3 months and he liked them from the beginning .
excellant absorbency ( you should boil them before use ) and they have lasted through probably hundreds of washes . they are soft for baby , too .
i keep these attached to my son's car seat to occupy him while i'm driving . he loves them and so do i !
he just needed a boost to the table and this did the trick for half the cost of other booster seats . :)
it fits well . it is so cute . it is hard to write a lot about a sheet . what can i say ?
very useful and compact . they can slide a bit though on public toilets . wish it had hand grips for little curious hands . does its job though .
this is a cute cup however it leaks . so i can't use it ... too bad as my son loves it .
i like the ease of use . fit into the diapers easily , switched out easily . laundry machine safe . wished the diapers would have worked out .
for some reason my baby cannot figure this cup out . he is 10 months old and this cup just does not agree with him .
they're a little too big , but they stay on . i haven't found too many bibs for a better price than this , so i'm satisfied .
these work just as well and are just as sturdy as our pricier glass bottles . they attach to a medela pisa pump .
my title pretty much said everything . it's alright . no special feeling about it . i have found better one and love it . try the honeysuckle .
our little one loves it ! it's soft too and easy to clean ! great product at low price ! will definitely buy again !
this seems like the perfect combination of soft and firm . our baby sleeps soundly in this crib , and i don't worry about her safety .
my baby loves this teether . i love that it is a toothbrush too . everybody is happy . it's the best teether ever !
i bought one , liked it . then bought me a second . now i'm buying one as a present . i have not tried another brand .
nice colors but it is to expensive for the quality that have i like it but do not deserve the money you do not have other choice
i would recommend these to anyone with a baby ! they work great and are easy to take apart and clean .
my one year old uses these ! my mom can't believe it , but perfect size for her little hands ! have to keep them clean all the time .
this stuff is amazing . my dd had awful rashes untill we started using this . i highly recommend this for any cloth diaper wiped babies .
beautiful decal and stick well in spite of being textured wall . would buy it again
so far this sippy cup leaks a little bit . my son doesn't use it much , so it's not a big deal .
i love these sippy cups because they really are no spill . my boys love these because they can easily hold them .
not a bad idea to bring this traveler with you when you go out with you toddler . easy to carry and easy to clean .
i ordered this owl pillow to match my daughter's owl themed nursery . it is soft and cuddly and matches well .
love it absolutely love it . very strudy and multifunctional . love the features that you can tailor it to multiple stages of growth . expensive but worth it .
i only got this as a back up - don't recommend , i wish i got a duplicate chenille / comfy one . it's ok . wouldn't buy again .
we love this nest for our baby in our swing or bouncer . supports her head so that the constant back laying does not misshape her head .
we use this as our normal highchair . it is really portable and we take it to friends house and restaurants all the time .
but my kids didn't find it easy to drink from either . i'd say we'd only use these if all other cups are dirty ...
i haven't used these yet , but i don't anticipate any problems since i've been using a similar product . i really like dr . brown's merchandise .
runs a little small very adorable outfit . stays well after washing but i did find that it ran a little small .
it stays clean and stays upright doesnt get funky and cleans bottles perfectly . great product and price . worth every penny
this tubing is made by medela , so of course it is great and works perfectly with my medela pump . it came quickly and well packaged .
the hamper is a good size , has waterproof liner and easily portable with a wide handle . the outer cover is easily washed .
this seat protector has been great at keeping seats looking new and catching snacks the little one has dropped ! easy to clean too .
they dont fit in the first essentials bottle ... they leak . completely pointless waste of money would not reccomend or buy again , i only use nuk now
several bags ripped while either trying to open them or trying to get the easy-connect adapter out of it after using .
leaded after a few months . ugh . just use 3 swim noodles made into a triangle for each side . ut this is good fro traveling .
these are great for dirty diapers . they are always in my nursery on my changing table !
when you lose the valves from your nuk sippy cups like we always do then these are the exact oem replacements that you require !
as a mom on the run and using the safe dr . browns bottles these came in very handy.work perfect . never had any leaks .
we really like this product because it has good quality materials , and keep toys from falling out of the car , carseat and pretty much anywhere else .
looks just like it does in the picture . fits the soft shields i have and i would recommend them to women who need them for their breast pump .
best baby spoons . you can't tell from looking at them but the spoon part is soft flexible silicone so it's easy on baby's gums .
great product , great fabric . it has not faded with the cleaning , and i have to clean it at least twice a week .
no deviation in color . fits perfectly with the original setup . the whole setup is a bit pricey but it's definitely worth it .
this think fell off my car and i almost got into an accident . it doesn't stay on well and isn't safe . i would not recommend this stay away
i liked the buttons on the side . it makes it easy to put on and take off . i reccomend them !
these are so cute , but my baby never liked pacifiers :( i ended up gifting them , but they are just so cute !
i love this product ! i don't make a lot of baby food , so this is great for mashing bananas , for example . i definitely recommend it !
it's breathable as described . clean and suitable with our crib . i think it will be more beautiful if it's colorful .
great as additional pad for diaper bag . pad wipes off easily and has velcro tab to keep folded . fits in laptop sleeve of a backpack nicely .
the velcro on the side can sometimes stick to your shirt . other than that , it's fine . it fits on the foam base .
these door stops work very well . they stop the door with enough space so that little baby fingers don't get caught .
good to purchase it . got one size down and good fit . keep my baby warm and allow him to walk .
nice bag , good price . not as comfortable as i thought it would be , but it did the job while we used it .
another purchase as first time mom that i love ! ! it's so light weight and compact . just easy to use . good value for the price .
i like these bibs instead of the regular ones because it very absorbent and at the same time keeps her warm since it wears like a poncho
great seat . i feel like my kiddo is very safe and comfortable . however , this seat is tricky to install and adjust . but aren't they all ?
these nipples are perfect for breastfed babies taking their first bottles because the flow is slower than most level 1 nipples . highly recommended !
bought these for my newborn's nails ; they didn't work for that purpose at all . i'm really disappointed in every safety 1st product we bought !
the clipper looks very nice it seems that is good quality , i have not used it yet . i am using baby scissors - more comfortable with that .
got this blanket as it was highly recommended and i am grateful for the referral . easy to use and babies are happy .
good price , good quality and so smart to use . they cleans up the mess around your litle babys mouth in no time !
mittens are soft and elastic has right tension . i wish they came in a four pack though . that is my only complaint .
more of a drool bib size but plenty nice but what the heck ? a pumpkin pie piece for thanksgiving ? needs a turkey ! ! !
love this product all the amazing colors and black & white patters ! plus when you pull on it it vibrates and moves !
i like this bib but our baby hasn't . got it for him at six months , still won't wear it at a year - he pulls it off .
we love the 50s style designs , and these are very very soft for catching and wiping up spitup , and they stand up to heavy duty washing .
works perfectly with our britax roundabout carseat . daughter ( 1 1/2 ) can reach it to put in her sippy cup easily .
but the child was not that interested in playing with it . its hard to keep the attention of a child . she likes spashing water more .
it was so heavy i was afraid it would fall off in the middle of the night . ended up going with the dreambaby stove top guard instead .
bad bad bad bad dont buy this product it hearts my kid shoulder and i stop using it from the first day
baby is breastfed . these work well for childcare providers to transfer warmed milk into.great price and easy to use . shipped very fast !
this was a perfect fit to my babies britax car seat ... supports her head perfectly .  .. .. .. .. .. ..
i feel these are more durable that the plastic zip tie looking ones . i also like how i can easily adjust or unhook the straps if needed .
wonderful as a burp cloth . thinner , soft material . love . will be buying more and replacing all others with these .
these hooks work great ! they stay put on the stroller and hold even the heaviest of bags . they are also low profile !
i wasn't expecting the mouse head to be quite so large . it lights fairly well and goes with my bathroom perfectly but it's huge !
i gave it 2 stars because the material is soft to the touch , which i liked , but i never got the complete order !
i like it but i think the material is too thin . it seems it doesn't dry . actually , it looks like a swadler blanket instead .
bright colors and interesting shapes make this a winner , would be nice if the pieces had tiny handles for smaller hands .
the locking harness has been recalled . we received a new one and it still sticks . not safe for baby , buy a different brand
does what it's meant to do ! really helps my daughter out , since her older brother can reach but she couldn't before using this .
really hate that they sent pink and purple cups for my son . if colors vary it should be colors for either gender .
i had to return this night light ; it didn't give off any light and there were some spots without coloring . not a good quality product !
it's great , but the suction wears off after about 10 washes on the top rack of the dishwasher . it was a great starter bowl .
excellent seat ! very happy with its quality , and my 4 year old is safe and comfy in it . i would definitely recommend it !
my daughter loves the nuk pacifiers but i was very unhappy recieving two packages of blue and green pacifiers when i thought i was getting pink and yellow !
great easy portable high chair ! easy to attach to chairs , easy to clean , easy to use !
this is the perfect drying rack . i use it daily and have had no problems . highly recommended . i wouldn't trade it !
read carefully before you purchase , this product is not made by medela . i did not try even using this with my pump and just returned it .
this was a fun game for baby shower . great price great quality . very simple game and lots of fun . a must have
great product ! this matches our other oxo products we love too ! this is perfect for small treats for our little one .
this cover is cute . i've washed it a few times and it hasn't changed shape . it's soft and matches my jungle theme perfectly .
for some reason i expected this to be a little bigger . it isnt terribly small though and the design is very cute
in the end i wish we would have purchased something larger that would cover more of the window , but these are ok .
i love these , they were easy to do and did not take long at all ! turned out very good ! was a reasonable price .
too large , fell off the faucet . also not very soft it is made of hard rubber so not very soft .
so adorable and cute . the way it moves and is flexible is great for babies . i would recommend this . baby enjoys it .
perfect for keeping the baby warm and drybaby ( 10 months old ) had no problem with it at allvery easy to put on and removelooks good !
needed to replace my medela adaptor after i lost mine . worked perfect and had no issues with it . don't lose your adaptor lol
bought the large multi-colored gate system and have this laying in the middle . the baby stays happy and safe ! highly recommend .
i bought this product because i wanted my baby to leave the baby bottle and it did work and is non drip
my baby boy love it ! ! ! when he awakes late at night , he touch the butterfly and fall asleep inmediately for its softness !
i used these with evenflo and medela bottles for storing and freezing pumped breastmilk . they worked great ! i recommend for pumping and storage .
i wish it had a pocket for my phone so i take it with me . the baby loves it . we both walk together now .
we've used these bottles for literally 15 months - the same bottles and the same nipples . they look brand new and are still in excellent condition .
a great night light . my children really love it . my eight year old still likes me to turn it on each night .
born free are the only bottles my son will use.all of the pieces wash easily and are super durable !
these sippy cups are spill proof and easy to clean . i like the fact that they can be thrown from a high chair and not leak .
great quality , colorful and safe . the claw is durable and i've been able to hang the toy off of many things .
perfect . stays put , easy to clean , matches our dark wood table . perfect .
i'd give it zero stars if i could . these offer almost no absorbency . plus they shift around . don't buy . i use mine as coasters .
i used the adaptor for my britax b-safe car seat with my city mini 4 - wheel single stroller . it works as advertised .
very nice item ! we had fun with this at my wife's baby shower . nicely made , high quality !
bought this product for my granddaughters highchair , but her chair is an older model and sadly did not fit it .
my grandson is just starting to teeth and i wanted something that would prevent him from chockinglove these ! i have purchased 6 of them and additional replacement screens
new granddaughter on the way and nursery is owl theme . blanket was adorable and fit in well with theme and love the blanket as well .
nice for gums easy to keep in travel bag also easy to wash , might have been a bit more deep
better for non newborns . glad its not plastic , but is hard for baby to hold in mouth as a newborn .
my little one loves nemo and this style of sippy cup doesn't leak so it's a winner in my book .
i really like this pads size and thickness . it fits the baby mattress perfectly . it is also soft ( after washing ) .
matches the decor in our nursery and so far seems to be good quality . the colors are really beautiful . a little expensive for what it is .
it does what it's supposed to do and fits on my crib with a larger edge . no complaints at all .
loved this as a replacement to a simpler one our dog chewed up . love that the cover is removable & washable . got a great deal online .
i stuck this to my baby's high chair ... she is 13 months now and we still spin it during meal time ! !
every baby should have one of these bibs . my little man loves to chew on everything ... so the hard corner on this bib keeps him very busy .
this system works great . we have been using it for over a year and it is holding up very well .
seemed perfect , but it broke before we could even use it and the chair tipped making it not as safe as i had hoped ! :/
this cup is easy for babies just learning how to drink from a cup . it is easy to hold and manipulate . it was a good purchase .
worked well to power the pump in my car , used for most of a year with no problems . suction was comparable to using the wall outlet .
first the first intro to solide this spoons are the best ever i will recommend them easy to clean and to use
the 2 oz size doens't leak and work so good for me . i don't know why , but the 4 oz size leaks a lot .
this is an adorable toy , but beware - the two halves pull apart and snap together quite forcefully . little fingers and mouths can get pinched .
the product was exactly as described and works great with my medela pump ! i would definitely recommend these as replacement parts or extras !
this straw cup is pretty good . my daughter can easily drink from it and she can easily hold it . it's pretty secure as well .
this one is even better because she loves foofa so much ! i think she thinks she is laying right beside her .
love it ! ! perfect for me or husband to take our baby , the finishings are high quality , size , color compartiments and practicity ... ! ! !
extremely cute.very soft and attractive . baby doesn't get cold when changing his diaper in the middle of the night .
this is great . it grips so well to the top of my make shift changing table .. others i have seen slide around .. love it
this is awesome , it's all my son sleeps in ! we use it as a bassinet and it's fantastic . works great for his reflux too .
baby loves to chew and rattle this toy ! mommy and daddy love that it is actually safe for baby to chew on ! easy to wash , too .
this bra is great ! hands free to take care of baby if he wakes up while i'm pumping and i'm exclusively pumping so i pump a lot ... !
my son loves this toy but the main part won't float upright . not really a big deal , overall a good toy
i wish we had purchased more or a larger package . good product but you can't put it in the dryer .
these jj cole strap covers were bought as a baby gift . the recipient was please with the quality of the product .
we went thru several tummy time mats and this by far was my sons fav - it game highly recommend by friends as well .
these pacifiers are super cute . standard quality normal pacifier underneath - and party in the front . the lips are adorable .
this is a great bottle . we started with the five ounce version which we were also fans of . easy to clean . no complaints .
they are durable and do not feel cheap at all , but unfortunate they are not microwave safe . they are top rack dishwasher safe though ..
i have nothing but good things to say about these ! makes travel and on-the-go feeding much easier ! will buy again .
i hate this product . waste of money . i feel is very unsafe to put my son in this bather . :(
these are super cute . i love the colors and i like them better than just the plain rings because these all have different textures on them .
perfect for bath time and saves your knees from bruising . it may not be wide enough for some people so check the size measurements .
they baby loved thi gym . it is made very well and is sturdy . can handle everything a baby can do to it .
the softest washcloths of all wash clothes i have . great for face , great for a sensitive baby bum - recommended !
fits standard crib mattress . material is very soft . sheet is slightly thin , but this is reasonable given the low price .
my kids liked this so much when they were babies that i've bought it as a gift for others . who knew something so simple would be so fun ?
i've tried a lot of baby brushes and this one is by far the best and softest . we ordered two !
no idea why babies like it so much , but mine loves it . small enough to grab , fun to chew , and adorable to watch . win !
very easy to install keeps my little one safe . will buy another for my other fireplace . i would recommend to anyone with little tots .
my 12 month old was able to open the oven door with the device locked . it doesn't stick very well .
how could you mess this up ! it holds the dirty diaper just fine and locks in most of the smell .
so far it works great with the desk corner . soft and gentle , but my baby always tries to figure out how to pull it off .
worked great for me and was easy to remove and wash ! i would recommend it for long and skinny crib rails
i bought this for my two year old son . it is really comfie for him to sit in and it washes very well . no complaints at all
we love love this ! super soft , easy to wash & come on brown is perfect . bought 2 but i think i'm going to get a third
perfect for introducing solids to a baby - they are soft and the colors nice.no complaints and we use it every day , several times a day .
these stick great and work great for us . i only hope that they come off easy when the time comes .
got these after my son started chewing on the straps . so handy to protect the straps and makes it easy to wash .
i was very happy to find this crib protector as i was unable to find it in stores or other websites .
my baby chews on this all the time , it's awesome for teething and brushes her teeth and gums at the same time !
flimsy , thin material makes these pretty useless as towels . even when washed according to specifications , they started to look worn pretty quickly .
i spend more than an hour trying to get it setup , but had no success . i'll update hopefully when i get it working !
super soft and my baby loves it but after a day or two it gets really loose on the mattress
3 stars because they have good coverage , clean easily and are very maneuverable but - they stained after first use - watermelon .
this product was rec'd on time and packaged well . it is made of soft material , and goes well with the dark crib
nice to cover upholstered chair when using a booster seat . food wipes off and liquid doesn't soak in . i like the color too .
its a very nice product it comes in original package it a high quality product i like to much for my baby and its usefull
this blanket was slightly strange - it worked when my son was very small for a couple of weeks - then the foot area was too short .
love these bibs for my little drooling machine . they're thick and keep little man's clothes dry . i do wish the snaps were break away for safety though .
i gave it one star because it would not attach to my crib ... the instructions also state that it has to hang seven inches above the crib mattress .
love this sippy cup - my 10 month old taught herself how to drink from the straw quickly and it only leaks if left open and on its side .
does exactly what i needed it to do . no surprise with the gate - it's exactly like all of the others . i liked the price .
this is cute and the crinkle noise it makes sets my grand daughter mia giggling . her big brother landon loves to show her the book .
i expected the washcloth to be little bigger . however these are very very small and the material is not that soft either
these are excellent . i bought some cheap ones and they are no where near as nice as these , i love mine
very good and cute soothie . my son picked up on this immediately and easy / soft for him to hold on to it .
adorable little blanket / pouch . very easy to unzip and rezip , with easy infant access.the polka design is subtle .
the size it claims to be is not correct and it isn't stretchy . i ended up sending this product back .
this has been very helpful in cutting down on how much laundry i have to do when my child's diaper leaks overnight !
great storage , gets the job done . the only downside if having to be careful not to squeeze the container too hard or else the top pops off .
i'm not the biggest fan of these . they do their job but they seem to run very small . good product though ... just not for me .
we love all things owlie . this is soft and pretty . makes a cute back support pillow for the glider in our nursery .
lovely fabric , nice for hot weather and the coldwill recommend to friends and family . i use it very often
this set is cheaper in person that it looks online . do not waste your money . the handles broke after the second use for both items .
one of the best toys he has . he loves to chew on it , especially the big star . he chews it and spins it .
this works perfectly for my car . i recommend having one if you will have a seat in the car so it doesn't ruin your seat .
what more can i say ! ! ! my baby isn't fussy about what nipple type he drinks out of . these work well and do the job .
hoping daughter will like the texture . seems like a good concept . if she loves , i will be back to adjust my rating and buy another .
i loves this for our baby when he just started to roll . once he was crawling , this went in storage .
simple , clean lines , and the ability to stack this in any direction . i love this toy , as does my son .
these are fantastic and my little one just loved them . they smell like vanilla and she takes them over any other teether that she has .
great product , no smells . voila :) my baby slept great on vacation , very satisfied . the mattress is small and easily portable .
this works really well . my son loves pulling it up at the end of bath time to say bye bye water .
you should buy this . doesn't matter it is working 100 % or 10 % . baby is priority for safety , no objection . recommended .
softest nicest crib sheet i've ever felt or seen . love it ! creamy off-white color .
i use this every day to dry bottles and lids . the carousel action is a nice touch as we have little counter space .
great . had to buy one for our new jeep we plan to get . baby trend is a must buy . ok
great reviews ! thank you for letting me know i could call medela and get it for free . just did without hassle ! june 17 , 2010
easy to install and works great ! keeps my 13 month old out of rooms i don't want him in . i'm very pleased with this purchase
my 2 yo loves this ! ! ! she was bored with other bath toys , but loves to scoop up whatever she can in the net .
the toy does not stay in the suction base very well , but my son loves to play with it anywhere . great toy .
soft & well made . has held up in the wash so far ( air dried ) . one con - made in china .
the mattress pad cover adds extra cushion to my baby's mini crib mattress . it's soft and doesn't shrink after multiple washes .
good rattle , my baby became interested in rattles after 6 months . she likes this one , it's light , colorful and cute .
awesome must have bra for all nursing moms ! this bra allowed me to pump after each cluster feeding with my newborn !
they are adorable . were given as a gift . you never have too many wash clothes . ali loved them la la
just hard plastic making , and some sound for baby playing , howeverm the edge is not so flat for baby protect .
after boiled it followed the instruction , milk doesn't come out from nipple like someone mentioned in previous review , had to buy from local store
nice and portable ; great for traveling and restaurants . fun colors . easy to clean . so far holding up . would recommend to anyone .
super cute and seems to be well made . the little ears twist with sound . grandbaby seems to enjoy it . great price too . thanks .
soft and love this seat.and safe for infants learning to sit up . granddaughter can sit up and be a part of the family .
i've been using this since january . i store it in my car , in cold and warm temperatures and it has not impacted its performance .
this car seat is nice .. seems very durable and easy to clean . seemed like it was not too difficult to install either . nice car seat !
this bag is just perfect , it has so much space and isnt crazy big . i love this bag and it is very beautiful , so my style !
my baby loves to lay on his changing table when this cover is on . there has been no pilling after many washes .
suepr tierna , delicada este cubre pañal , mi pequeña de 7 meses todavia lo usa porque la talla es super amplia
this helps with mixing when using dr . brown bottles . mixing in a dr . brown bottle can be annoying . this helps .
when they get a bit older the bigger binky ... i just dislike the two piece contruction which allows for liquid to get inside of the nip :/
great product , no static and very clear sound . battery lasts through the day without needing additional charging . overall , highly recommended .
nice and sturdy . keeps things cool for a long time . it hasnt made a spill yet so i am hoping it will stay that way
we have had these for 9 months . nine months . these are still going styrong , perfect and fit our daughter perfectly .
this pillow was a great sleeping aid for the prego . its still gets used for a body pillow . its also great on the couch , lol !
hopefully it will fit the pack and play bassinet , but i know either way i will make use of it .
these dividers are super cute and perfect for any baby boy nursery ! i like that the stickers can be changed out .
expertly made , strong and durable , spacious and able to hold all baby items . the number of pockets is a fantastic feature .
soft and cute , but stained in the wash after the second time washing . i have no idea what could have caused it but ugh , .
holds the pacifier just like its supposed to . i think its better than the other ones out there because it will hold a range of different types .
these work great , wish they where a little longer for not standard shaped drawers ( required some modification for instillation on an antique piece of furniture ) .
excellent.works quickly . effective for a family constantly on the go . perfect to keep bottles warm on very long road trips
these are bright and well made links . and the black and white one has rubber texture on it , which i like .
this spout cover fits securely over my faucet , and looks cute . it does exactly what i expected it to do . i'm very happy with my purchase .
really good price for the function . the image is clear and sound is loud . you can adjust brightness and volume too .
it may be a while before my baby needs this she isnt here yet but i know shell put it to good use
i love having this for my cloth diapers in my diaper bag . no more stinky diapers in random plastic bags .
amazing sanitizer and so easy to use.it says wash the bottom out after every use .. maybe after every week.love it
i love these little strap , it helps keep toys from falling on the dirt floor while we're out , just simple attach it to the stroller .
like i had said in another one of my reviews for these nipples , they are the best and only the best .
i use this on my stroller and it adds it storage to my stroller which is great and stays attach through collapsing and expanding .
love these ! such a soft silicone " basin " for the food---no worries about the baby accidentally jabbing themselves when they move suddenly .
i love these sleep sacks , they are super soft and not as warm as the fleece . great buys , we have two . wash well .
i really wanted this basket to work , but it just kept falling down in the bath . i returned it immediately .
i love this little bowl . food mashes well and great for feeding straight from the bowl . good quality and comes in handy .
i love this product . my son can sleep in his crib with no problems now . i would recommend this product .
these bibs are very easy to clean and have nice coverage . cute patterns . i will absolutely be buying these again .
i was hoping it would get more attention from my son ... unfortunately he is just not fascinated but it . not worth the price , imho
they're soft on little mouths , you can put your finger in the front to help the little one latch on , and they're super easy to clean
it greatly helps reduce the mess my baby creates , the bowl is well constructed and the pint part is durable yet soft rubber .
perfect - exactly what i needed to clean bottle nipples and pump parts . much better than those silicone nipple cleaners that come with most bottle brushes .
it works as expected . its very easy to install . i'm glad to enable to see the little one when needed .
too small . it is harder / denser that the boppy , but this also makes it more rigid , making it a little more difficult to position the baby
attaches easily and securely and alleviates the need to buy another stroller just for infants . don't hesitate to buy one !
perfect for juices and nestum . the variable flow really works . i use it with my first daughter and with my little ones too .
great to use , love this better than normal spoons.so much easier and less mess when feeding.use these on my 9 month old and she has taken to them well
good quality and attention to detail . i bought this for my 2 year old niece and she loves looking at the flamingo .
i love the cup . it is just great for my daughter and for my carpet as well . no leaks and no mess anywhere
great gate . gives a perfect fit to a large , uneven opening like mine . very sturdy . worth the money and saves your sanity :)
simply , these are great . it's always difficult to trim those little nails , but i have had nothing but success with these . they cut beautifully !
this is a cute and soft product for a lovey . unfortunately my son did not take to it , i might introduce it earlier to our next baby .
i wouldn't wear it as a bra all day long , but great for hands free pumping over your bra . it is easily adjustable as well .
i thought it was made in the usa or i would not have bought it . it is a good size for baby to hold and is soft .
love how light this car seat is . it is also comfortable and secure for my son . i would purchase again .
this toy is great . even i like playing with it . it moves into different shapes and is well like by the baby .
i would recommend these . i like that they have snaps rather than velcro and that there are two different sizes to snap together .
this is a good quality mattress . it fits a crib or toddler bed . it seems to be quite comfortable and durable .
i'm loving this . the material is soft and the colors have not faded after several washes . perfect for my son's playard .
love it , love it , love it . you'll need them for your nuk baby bottles . highly recommend this product . you can't have them enough .
cheaper than at a big retailer like target or bru . i like the clear ones because you can see if there is gunk in the pacifier ,
my 7 month old seems to really enjoy the bright colors and textures to this teether . i'm glad we purchased .
is a very good sterilizer it has a lot of space to put more nipples and other bottle feeding tuff .
these are wonderful for bath time , my son loves playing with all of the different ducks and it is great practice to letters
my baby will not go with out love these and they are nice looking too . must have . will and does recommend !
the size of the nipple seemed too small for the likes of my child . the plastic composing the nipple also seemed too inflexible and unnatural .
definitely worth spending a little bit more on ! i also like that it comes in a case ! i use this at home !
i got this for a friend who picked it out for herself after looking at lots of different baby books . it had everything she wanted .
never found a teeing toy i liked before this one . my son loves the brush and the handles make it so he could use it
they are all clear so are very difficult to see if you drop them . they are also a little bulky . i wouldn't buy them again .
i don't use these as much as i thought i would . that being said , they work pretty well . good sticky on each side .
this might be good for a travel seat but it is pretty cheap overall . i wanted something a little more substantial for protection .
my baby loves looking at these rattles because of the contrast . they are the perfect size and not flimsy like other ones out there
this was a beautiful fathers day gift to my husband . he loved it . the frame was beautiful . great for remembering the first year .
they already broken because i pull a little to hard on it ... they doesn't stay either please don't buy it you will be very mad like me !
great product , although a little pricey . my breast-feeding 4 month old is super picky so this is one of many we've tried and getting most success ...
i absolutely love this cover ... it is pretty , great material , and after a couple washes - still looks just as new .
this sheet didn't fit quite as well as i anticipated . i think that next time , i will skip the jersey knit , and just get cotton .
these are great , nice and soft and the color is adorable ! they work perfectly , and the price is right . great gift idea as well !
the color of this product is a little darker in person . more of a carolina blue than a baby blue .
i bought this teether in advance . i'm not sure how well the baby will take to it . i was surprised at how small it actually is .
fits 3 even flow eight ounce glass bottles side by side . this is my favorite bag to take to work for pumping .
this is the only high chair toy that actually stays on the tray ! it keeps my son entertained while i cook and clean !
this product did not work for us i was very disappointed we are using the adiri bottles and it didnt even make the bottle warm i tried every thing .
my son loves it . he is 2 and can turn turtle on and off . cuddles with him before falling asleep . thats worth $ 30 for sure .
we love this sterilizer . it is quick , easy to use , and fits other brands as well . we wouldn't want to sterilize any other way !
love these lap pads . they are super cute and a diaper bag must have . i love having three to stash around the house .
my song loves these . he likes to bang them around because they make a lot of noise and there are several options of how to grasp them .
convenient to have to avoid washing parts in the dishwasher . another person recommended not combining parts with your original so i have done the same .
i love these swaddlers to begin with , mine was not yellow , it was green . so be aware that there is some color differences .
this is my 4 month olds favorite toy . it's so simple yet very entertaining . the different textures are something new in every turn .
the suction cup is solid . even holds up when toys are heavy with water . seems well thought out & made .
these are a must have for babies . i want to sleep with them they are so soft ! the wash great .
my little one loved to be swaddled . when he stopped fitting in the smaller one , this one worked !
our baby was a preemie , and he loves these . they're easier for him to hold than some of the solid teethers .
my son was born at 10 lbs so these we're too small from the start . however , most average sized babies would likely do well with them .
i bought these labels to put on the items my son takes to his daycare . they are really nice and the writing doesn't was off when wet .
can't live without them . these are the best burp cloth / bibs that i have ever used . lots of coverage .
great bowls for first feedings . perfect size and great in the dishwasher ! plus made in usa !
so easy to pin cloth diapers with these . love these day glow neon colors . they are very bright and vibrant .
this works great . its veloury soft , and the designs are good for our motif . we like it and got two designs .
in general snappi are a must have for prefolds and covers . but in this batch i have had 2 break already .
i love that the child can't get food on his sleeves or midsection . a really great idea for when you switch to solids and have a squirmy infant .
bought it as a temporary tub for my daughter while we were away for a few months . used it quite often and had no problems with it .
this case is very poorly made and doesn't really close all the way . it just feels like fabric has been glued to a cheap plastic box .
i love moo moo cow , such a fun thing , and cute , and adorable in a babies mouth . very useful , easy to hold on to
good product for the money . no problems with leaking through to clothes . no problems with washing if velcro is securely fastened .
fell apart within the first week of use . inferior to all other bottle brush brands that i have used . won't be buying again ...
i love this mats , they look very nice in our van and they are made of great quality materials , good design , durable . would highly recommend .
this is a nice quality sleep set . cute design for baby boys . will last through washings - nice gift too !
my daughter also loves this . she's 5.5 months and teething . she loves chewing on sophie . she's soft , squeaks and has a pleasant smell .
they're ok , soft and absorbent . the producer promises they're invisible under clothes - not true . also they don't stay in place .
these tubes fit my medela pump in style advance on the go tote perfectly , i have had no problems at all . great item for a great price .
this are great pacifiers , but better than this are the ones that shine in the night . anyway this are great ones
i used these as burp cloths for my little one . they are more absorbant than the burp cloths that are sold as such .
perfect pacifier for the little ones in your life . they are safe and colorful and stay in the babes mouth .
i love that this is so easy to stick and remove.the design is very cute too.this is worth the price .
not quite as soft or fluffy as some of the muslin swaddlers out there , but not rough , either . a nice lightweight blanket , and very pretty !
this cup was perfect for my almost 3 year old and my 1 year old who is very picky about what she drinks out of .
perfect nose aspirator not sure about the ear feature but it breaks down so it makes it easy to clean .
these are pretty great , i just wish the string ties were a little longer to adjust for different size crib rails .
good battery fits perfectly in the discontinued baby monitor graco model 2794 . makes grandma happy and secured when watching first grandson .
good concept but as others say the actual food cup is small . it only fits a baby carrot .
this is just the right size for the porta crib i boughtwe have a new baby granddaughter coming so it will be at our house when she is here
the price on these bassinet sheets can't be beat , and i'm very happy with the quality .
this is a great crib skirt . nothing fancy but it is very neutral in color and matches most things nicely .
just what we thought . easy to scoop up toys , sticks good to the wall , holds a lot of toys and drains nicely .
perfect for quick temp checks during my daughters bath time . and it's a cute toy for her to kick around in the water .
haven't used it yet , but it looks very sturdy . we don't have a britax carseat , but it looks pretty universal .
this is the easiest way to keep a kiddo out of a room . only downside is you can't close door all the way while it's on .
this will come in handy since i am not using a diaper bag bag but instead just my normal handbags and it fits perfectly !
we were using it at home and to traveleasy to clean , immediately dry , folds , light , warm with water , fits most of the sinks .
extremely convenient . they work perfectly and i dont find them too expective in the long run . convenient for traveling too !
this is a perfect size ... it fits all the pieces of my dr.brown bottles and has extra room for more !
i love these burp cloths ! the design is great and they are so soft my son cuddles with them - must have !
i got this as a second cover to alternate with the cover that my boppy came with . this is such a cute design !
this kneeler is so cute but more importantly , keeps your knees comfy as you are kneeling over the tub to bathe your baby .
this bag has a lot of useful things specially when the baby needs to drink medicine of getting sick all the things are very very good
i got two prints out of it , but it was tight . works just as good as anything else ! !
we have three so my son ( 5 months ) can always have one with him . he's almost obsessed with them !
this product works as advertised for rear-facing seat installation . it provides significantly more leg room for the person in the front seat .
we have now had to lower the bottom since baby is much older and bigger and can stand with assistance and sit on her own .
being different is a good thing ! its strange shape and varied textures interest my 13 month old more than most other teethers .
we ordered these to start potty training , they work well , they are a little on the large size but it could vary based upon diaper style .
these are nice and soft . we love these because they are soft on the babies tender skin . wish they were a little larger though .
perfect ! folds up easily and i take it everywhere . even use it in my own back yard .
these bibs are great for our 8 month old who is now eating purees , it gets messy ! they clean up easily too .
it is cute but to top heavy for a baby to keep in their mouth . bad idea , even if it is a novelty .
only fits old style round toilet seats . this will go on a newer elongated toilet seat , yet it is not a perfect fit .
holds the kid's toy to the stroller when the little punk wants to try and throw it each time . love it !
these burp cloths are the perfect size , not too big and not too small . they are a great material - nice and soft and really cute !
this soft , washable cover fits the changing pad perfectly and little one's skin isn't touching the changing pad's plastic cover .
great for first time moms especially ! what a great device to make life a little easier . a must have for everywhere you go !
this has a bucket type seat so the baby is nice and snug . its bright and colorful and my newborn loves it !
the price is excellent ! the sheets will be fine and oh so soft.love the celery color . i like them and i feel good about the purchase.lilyputs
this is a good toy it has several different mini activities for the babies to do . it doen't however strech .
baby is 7 weeks old and is in love with this mirror ! it's totally worth it ! we use it for tummy time and in his crib .
no spills , easy on the go without mess ! easy care and maintenance ! i plan to buy another in the 6oz size !
great product ! was everything it promised and more and at the price it's a steal ! ! i would definitely recommend this !
this rattle was a big hit with my daughter . it was easier to hold at first than many of her other toys .
love this bra for the breastfeeding mom . it is good quality , sturdy , and i found that it fit me well and i am 38ddd .
these are nice and absorb everything . we use them as rags rather than diapers but i am sure they would do just fine as either .
it's pricy , but very sturdy . to open and close gate is little tricky though . i purchased northyard gate also . i like it better .
my daughter could not focus ... she keeps looking around ... and try to get rid of it ~ ... and i think it is not big enough ~
this doesnt really stay on my lo's head very well , even with adjusting it . i cant complain bc it wasnt very expensive .
cute , it is a typical pop up hamper . we chose this for the nursery . good price . good quality for this style of hamper .
fits my 8 month old great . she seems comfortable using it . its super easy to clean . i like that it is a bright clean white
i think this was a nice try , but our baby did not like this and it was not like the breast at all . waste of money .
these are the best night lullabys to lull babies ( and toddlers ) for nap time and sleep time
the great thing about this toy is the suction cup . it can be attached to anything and baby loves seeing the colors spin .
love this ! very cute , large and lots of space for fitting both lunch and snacks . made of durable plastic with good fitting lid .
my baby used more for a teether than a pacifier . he liked them . i would recommend for use on teething babies .
it looks amazing , and useful , it fit the plastic bottle well but a little small to the glass bottle , anyway it use well .
it is sort of hard to review a letter " k " haha . it is what i expected it to be . looks great up on the wall .
this has been my 4 month old's favorite toy for a couple of weeks now . nice and bright , love the matching exercise .
these spoons seemed to be cheaply made . i wouldn't buy them again . my daughter doesn't like them . there are many nicer infant spoons out there .
i don't know who came up with these but they are awesome . i can't imagine my life without them . thanks !
this spray works in the city area , but when i was in the woods , my legs were attacked despite spraying them all over .
these are so cute and my grand-daughter loves them . she lines them up on the counter and talks to them .
for the price its amazing . toys are so pricey in stores , can't beat the cost . and the product is great for baby .
having used these before it was my first choice , the assembly is easy , inserting the refill is straight forward enough and is simply a great little item .
this is a great product and i highly recommend it . my baby loves this product and he cannot wait to brush his teeth
this rattle is so cute and different . hadto get it for my daughter's baby shower.item was received on time .
the colors and pattern match our nursery theme & the custom quilt i had made wonderfully and the price was great .
my wife is obsessed with owls , and so this was the perfect thing for our daughter's room . it's soft and works well .
super soft and snuggly material and fits on the changing pad perfectly . planning to purchase more since they get peed on by my son on a regular basis .
this was a gift for a friend's daughter that i'm not around much so i don't know if she uses it . i'd buy it for my son though
great product , easy to hold , removable handles , safe for baby ... just wish like all the other reviews that you could select a color
perfect for travel , enough space . nothing to complain about it . if you are looking for a practical and easy diaper bag this one is just good !
this is pricey as far as towels go , but is sized generously and super absorbent . would buy this again once my baby's other towels wear out .
first baby toothbrush he loves to chew on it and it has a nifty case so it does not get dirty .
baby only sleeps with the halo swaddles . nice and comfy and warm for my baby ! highly recommend ! ! and its cotton !
great product - my granddaughter loves the mats and these are very good to finish the play area with . would recommend .
i use this to freeze all my homemade baby food and it works great ! ! easy to pop out each cube ! love it :)
as all other reviewers mentioned : very , very small . if you plan to buy it , just go ahead and buy two . ivery slippery too .
only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that the paci does not detach for cleaning . lo loves it so much ! ! !
if you have any breast pump let alone an ameda pump you need these bottles . love love love how inexpensive they are .
high quality and colorful they get a babies attention but i don't think i would repurchase because i like the plastic connects better .
my daughters love all the angel dear blankies - they are super soft , and durable - they survive many washes without falling apart or fading much .
these pacifiers are great . they have no top or bottom to worry about and have holes for air flow . my daughter loves them !
if you have the small 6 oz zoli bottle , you need to cut the straw shorter . in general it's okay
child loves this product . it makes squeaking noises when you shake it . very cute and the book is soft and safe for baby to put in mouth .
have held up great in the dishwasher and images have not worn off like other brands . will buy them again if i need more .
roller style on / off switch was nearly at the end of the plug . really inconvenient design , which is a shame because otherwise the lamp is cute .
these are great ! they absorb so much and they are my go to insert for day and night time ! i highly recommend these .
i haven't actually tried this product yet , but checked it out and like how it looks . easy for baby to hold onto !
perfect for my pump . i replaced all the tubing and flanges since i am pumping for a new baby . great price for what you get .
love this pack and play , have been using it everyday since the birth of my daughter and now she's 3 months old . just perfect .
my four month old loves to gum this teether . he seems to prefer it over others and chews on the bead like ring and the yellow attached rings .
my only complaint is it is a bit difficult to open . other then that totally cute and works well the snacks don't fall out
these are nice but like most baby toys made to mimick real items the real thing is still more interesting .
my little one loves this toy , he can reach out for it , hold on to it and shake and ring the bell easily .
this is an adorable and durable diaper cover . it's easy to use and washes well . much improved compared to others i've tried .
really adorable bath time toys . i got these bath toys for my niece and nephew . my sister told me they are excited for bath time again !
well worth every penny however i put a 6 month old in it we shall see as she grows if its as awesome as it is now
you get more than what you pay for here . its got solid stitching and holds a considerable amount of stuff . just purchased 2 more .
my 6 month old daughter loves to look at the colours and watch the little balls move . this is one of her favourite rattles .
i didn't want to drill into our cherry cabinets so these fit the bill . however , it is very hard to get the locking portion to stay locked .
i love this car seat cover . it is easy to put on & off and it alsokeeps my daughter very warm in the cold weather .
oh my gosh ... seriously the best bibs ever . my husband calls them a tarp . they keep my baby clean and minimal cleanup .
they work great and give you a few moments to yourself . newborns need to suck and sometimes moms need a break . this is the perfect solution .
just adds to the whole decor of the babies room . very expensive once you purchase the whole ensemble . well worth it for a super duper nephew
we haven't used this cover very long , but it seems to be good quality and fits our little one well .
i bought my daughter this with my zany zinnias be light . too cute ! it is sure to take the hard handling of a busy purse loving toddler !
i love this brush for cleaning bottles . the bristles are soft and do not scratch at all . i also really like that it has the nipple cleaner .
great little toy with lots of activities . we purchased this for our son and it is one of his favority toys . he plays with it every day .
these bottles are qreat to give your infant milk and small amounts of cereal in the flow is slow so your baby cannot drink to fast
large size . more for a toddler who is able to reach by themselves . otherwise you'll be handing everything to your little one .
they're smaller than i thought so they only cover very little surface . i had to get more to keep my daughter safe
didnt fit my cabinets . i am so glad i only bought one to try to make sure it fit before buying for all my cabinets
we had these with our first two boys now 6 years ago . looked forever to find and are excited to use .
this is great as we got the padding for the mattress and now the sheet . so excited for my son and his fiancé ...
i am happy with this purchase . it's very very soft . i washed and dried it in cold water , dried on low . it's excellent .
cute cup , my son liked this cup , however it didn't work out for too long ; he bit the nipple pretty fast .
the changing pad cover looks very nice and i love that it is extra comfy on baby's skin where the terry cloth is . it also cleans up well .
this was the same tubing that came with the original pump . sealed properly , with directions , so i had no concerns about cleanliness of the product .
it does not brown the wipes , it s very easy to maintain and clean , it does the job jus fine !
my son enjoyed sleeping in this sleepsack . it was small enough for him and soft . i would definitely recommend it .
cute ans contemporary . works well with modern decor yet cute for kids . soft and cleans easy . would purchase this again .
love the halo sleep sacks . this fits my almost 6 monther . i like the cotton ones because my apt is always warm
i like the soft fabric . i have washed the cover several times and it holds up very well . i would recommend .
these are very handy when going shopping . saves the hassle of carrying items and pushing the stroller at the same time .
these aren't for adults . the wash cloth is a bit small and perfect for babies . the material is really soft .
you get what you pay for in this case . these sheets will function fine , not sure how long they will last though .
great for holding baby up in the swing ! he was more comfortable and enjoyed swinging with this insert . not too easy to keep clean .
a little pricey for what it is but this product works as advertised and holds on really well to clothing keeping the pacifier from falling so i recommend it !
it is cute and soft . my baby loves staring at this thing . she laughs at it and coos . love it
doesn't brush the teeth well , but it's turned into a nice toy for my 10 month old to chew on !
i already put it on the stroller it's a uppa baby vista it's look so cute too it help from the sun .
so cute and well made . my toddler likes to play with it and throws it around but it's been good for over a year now .
i would not buy this to use in warm weather or if you generally keep your house on the warmer side.the sleepsack itself is great and easy to use .
great deal and super cute ... really soft and great quality . love the prints , simple yet girly . will be buying more
love it ! it is cozy and soft . def keeps the baby warm . easy to put on and take off :) thumb up
there's no need to spend twice as much on a fitted crib sheet . these are great . they're soft , they fit well , and they don't shrink .
loved getting the two pack - one for my little one and one for a friend :) sophie is a favorite of every kiddo i know !
i love this chair but my son doesn't like being so confined and close to the table - he likes to wiggle a lot
my daughter loves this mirror . with the back flap you can stand it up on the ground to any postition .
granddaughter's favorite . it is easy to grip and attach to links and very soothing for her to chew and play with .
it is small when folded and can be fit well in the diaper bag . we always have it with us when use a public restroom . well made .
love this super soft snuggly blanket for my newborn . we've had it for several weeks and it washes well and has held up so far .
i returned these . they are lightweight and not likely to absorb much . i prefer terry backed burp cloths like the ones made by gerber .
our 20 month old granddaughter did not like any of the many potty's we bought , she loves this one and potty training is now underway .
love it ! does what it needs to do and great thing is that it has 3 height adjustments that have been great .
we use this all the time , especially for night feedings . it allows us to feed our baby quickly with already measured out feedings .
a really fantastic baby book - the ink stamp pad is fool proof and the footprint turned out really great on the cover .
as always with a thermometer , rectal is the most accurate and the way to go with children , but this thing is still pretty accurate .
i really like this product . my little daughter enjoys her preheated wipes . no rashes or anything due to no parfumes or anything in the wipes .
this is the only gate i would buy . after researching i decided to buy this gate . so glad i did .
had to return it as our daughter refused to stay inside and felt its like a gail so we had to get a bigger one for the hallway instead .
i purchased this as a gift from a baby registry . they research this item in advance , and they love it .
it's very warm , it kept my daughter warm in cold new york winter and it looks good and it's pleasant to touch .
good deal . bottles are easy to clean . glass bottles are really good as you dont have to deal with bags like with plastic bottles . would recommend !
my baby doesn't really care much for it , but i like it . super cute and easy to use on car seat or swing , etc .
these don't have a filter like the larger ones of the same brand . so toddler's food gets all through the cup . its gross .
its nice and soft , washes well . i recommend to anybody looking for a waterproof crib mattress pad . i wish they would come in different colors :)
i have no complaints for this bra . easy to use and worth the price . makes pumping very easy to do .
i love these pacifier wipes and these big tubs are purfect since our little baby girl likes to throw her pacifier
this toy made all the rides in the car more pleasant for my baby , so i bought it for all my friends with babies .
this drying rack is good if you do not have a lot of space on the counter . i however find that its too small for everything i'm washing ...
the first bag worked great , but all of the ones after that wanted to explode in the microwave after about 70 seconds . you've got to watch them !
these are super soft wipes . i am so glad that i ordered these instead of some of the cheaper ones i looked at . definitely worth it !
very soft and great for babies . i got this for my 17m old . i have no issue with it . very pretty too .
carter's grandma's brag book , blossoma gift for a soon to be grandma .. really cute , size 4x6 .. can't wait for pictures !
this products works good and fine for storage of pacifiers . it would be better if they have more and new designs or types .
nice fabric and color , the question remains is how it will do after a couple of washing sessions ... guess will be writing back soon ! ! !
this is a great wrap , not too heavy but the baby seems very content in it . launders well too . great deal
so much more expensive at stores it works the same if not better than the medela . the chusion things are really great which many other pumps do not have
great product , second one i bought . i love this and will continue to use and buy as a gift for others !
i love this seat ! better than bumpo cuz the leg spaces are much wider . we used it for quite a while
worth every penny . my wife uses it daily for feeding infant . we are very happy with this pillow . sitting position and angle is perfect for infants .
we made one cast at the baby shower and a second one with my husband , so much fun and definitely memorable !
haven't had to put to use yet but looks great with the crib and hopefully it works like it's supposed to .
these look like the babies'r'us terry bibs but the velcro patches are much smaller and they do not hold up to a baby tugging on them .
you know the giraffe i'm talking about ... this is just as good for a fraction of the price . the squeaker is loud though , you were warned !
these are a nice starter pack . friends recommended them , but we haven't used them yet . cute colors and got here fast !
kept our 11 month old entertained on a four hour flight . worth every penny .
my 4 - month old son loves this toy over others . it's easy to grip and chew and it keeps him happy .
my girls love this bath toy so i purchased a set for a friend for her baby . my twins are constantly fighting over them .
this product had a velcro strap . if your child falls it could be dangerous . get a better product with a buckle
i love this little snuggly for my grandson . it helps to keep his head aligned and it is so soft and snuggly .
the philips avent bpa free microwave steam sterilizer is excellent , easy to use and super practical . helps a lot in the busyness of everyday life .
the rattle is fun to shake , and the bold black and white pattern of the soccer balls are visually pleasing to infants .
the product serves its purpose but is not as inconspicuous as expected . we found better looking ones for less money at target .
no problems , exactly what i ordered to go along with my playtex ventaire newborn set . i will eventually be ordering more .
i've tried a few bumgenius - including the 4.0 and the organic cotton one . the freetime's are my favorite . they dry quick and fit well .
these have enough nobs and ridges to feel good on sore gums . they are definitely better than smooth teething rings .
reusable is the way to go . no constant buying , or trying to find thick enough pads . these do not feel wet easily .
fit perfect in my crib . i like it is water resistant so it wont absorb any liquids and it seems comfortable for baby .
i was really on the fence about whether to order this , but it works wonderfully . nice consistent vibration , and lots of sound controls .
this works perfectly as the next size up for my 5 month old . he prefers these nipples over the advent ones
it is exactly what we were looking for ! it is always good to have back up so you have it when you need it !
my son uses these and has no issues . i like that they are wide , it makes it easier to get the formula into them .
i like the color and the softness of the spoons , my son enjoys eating from them and wants to grab it
it's seriously doesn't leak and my daughter loves to drink from it , it's become our go to cup ! definitely recommend for purchase .
i have purchased this for my cloth diaper bin and it is perfect for it . it is leak free and washable ! ! !
easy to clean , sturdy plastic , stable nonskid feet and step . love this so much we have two . would buy again and recommend without reservation .
great little dinosaur bottle . it is one of the best i've found on the market at the moment , boon's bottles all leak . highly recommend .
easy to clean , comes appart to machine wash , not too expensive . bought one for home and one for grandma's house . would recommend .
the 360 degree cup is really good , not their own water control for children that can be very good to prevent water from spilling .
great quality and concept . my 2 year osld loves these cards . my only complaint is that i wish there were more cards included !
this is worth the investment . don't be fooled by other brands of breast pumps because of cost . bought this item and it works wonders .
this product has been great for keeping up with the cradle cap . gentle enough to use every day , we haven't had any issues since we started using it
gate exceeded my expectations . configuration took more time than anticipated . best quality baby gate i've found & worth every penny .
i got this for my nephew and son and they absolutely love this . i highly recommend this for small toddlers .
we use this every day . i love that it covers her entire lap ! might even buy another one . easy to clean , too .
this fit our cradle well . my daughter didn't have any troubles sleeping . we did use a quilted cradle mattress cover .
my baby loves this teether . it gets cold quickly , has interesting shapes on it , and is the perfect size for her ( she's 6 months ) .
love this for christmas gift and is great for babys first handprint . great memories ! will enjoy using this for my newest grand baby
we originally purchased another brand of prefolds , but they were too big for our baby's tiny hiney . these prefolds are perfect and washed up great .
love this cover . my little girl was born in nov and this was awesome to have to cover her up in the cold winter weather .
i was looking for a changing pad that had 4 sides for more protection . it is comfortable and very thick . love it !
great natural organic sustainable teether for a 4 month old , it is a good size and very affordable . my baby loves it !
gave 3 stars because it is as described but my husband and i both felt the mirror was huge and distracting . we returned .
my daughter loves these and they are my favorite bath toys because i don't have to worry about them growing mold or mildew .
the larger size is nice , but these cloths are extremely thin , so they are not practical for the intended use .
these washclothes are very useful in nursing time . they are also very soft , perfect for the baby skin . recommended , i got it twice
strangely , out of all the 4 boxes i purchased , only the unicorn one reals chemical smell out of box . peacock , gorilla and kangaroo are okay .
these sippy cups are good and they cap they come with works really well especially to throw in a diaper bag . they hardly leak .
this is too small to really do much for us but is a great quality compared to many brands we have seen .
hard to pry this little thing from my daughter's slimy hands ! she gnaws it like her life depends on it . small , but effective . love .
my son loves waking up in his crib and seeing the monkeys he goes out to reach for them . highly recommend it .
can't be put into the mouth upside down . both sides are low , so the baby's nose doesn't get blocked like other designs
the cord that we used this for is too thick to fit inside the cover . the cord isn't particularly thick either .
my son prefers the banana looking toothbrush - but all babies are different of course . we still have it in case he outgrows the banana one
kids hate it , too rigid , very high quality though , maybe your kids will like but there is no flex to is at all .
very helpful to have pacifier attached so it doesn't fall in the floor . just remember do not leave on baby in crib for safety reasons !
the quality is great . my seats are protected and my car still looks respectable . it doesn't seem to fully protect the backseat from cat seat indents .
my daughter is 3 months old and she loved this monkey ! it plays a cute little tune and the nose blinks when it is pressed .
does the work , pretty nice features in design that help cleaning and handling , even fits small bottle necks . totally recommended .
these are the best blanketsthese are our baby's loveywe have 12i have to say ... the giraffe is an unfortunate color ! you'll know what i mean !
soft sheets which is a must for new babys would fully recomend this to all with new borns and babys great
this product harder than the other edushape's otherwise it is a nice product . the puzzle pieces are great for little hands .
the buttons are far more interesting than the keys . my 7 month old grandson loves to hit the buttons but is not interested in the keys .
my son is breastfeeding and adapted to these nipples perfectly to sooth without any issues with nipple confusion . very happy mom & baby !
works well and hold up in the washer and dryer . i'd recommend having at least 2 of these for when you need to wash one .
love it ! perfect for my husband to notify when is the right temperature when feeding our 5 months old boy .
accidentally threw out filter that came with it . had tough time locating in store . bru said they didn't have for weeks .
i ordered this for some friends off their registry list and they loved it . no complaints . highly recommend to all .
this little portable potty chair has been a life safer as we have traveled around with our almost 3 year old
be careful to let hang dry and keep away from velcro . stitching can be prone to get snagged but they hold up well otherwise .
got this for my god daughter and have been told she enjoys playing with this during bath time ! it is very cute !
i like the size of these spoons for the first months of solids . the soft tip is great for babies who lie to bite .
amazing bibs . they are soft , good quality , great patterns and look very delicate yet efficient . i have several patterns and love them all .
easy to use ... a little large for baby heads ... but once he's older will be perfect ! worked on my husband and i !
these are so handy and super easy to install . liked so much bought a second set for our other stroller .
these did a good job of keeping the straps from digging into out little guys shoulders and matched the carseat cover as well
we recommend this book , its perfect and baby loves it . love to chew on it also , this book travels with us every where
wish i had gotten something else ... pros : lightweightnice colorcons : no recline at allpricey for what you actually getflimsy basketsun shield is not adequate at all
this is my go-to gift for friends having babies . we also have several dozen ourselves . very soft and versatile , the best baby item out there !
we have 3 of these gates throughout our home and they are perfect for us . they stay in place very well also .
i am not sure how well it works , but my kid likes it . she isn't afraid to use it . it is smaller than you think .
hair sticks to these like no other . our baby didn't find them interesting at all . a sophie giraffe was much better .
great product , very easy to use and there is no risk of hurting the baby . will definitely buy again or for gifts
my husband and i bought this for our 4 month old who is teething like crazy ! she loves this thing to pieces .
it's nice , and it really helps with baths , but it stains from just plain old water . i wish there weren't water spots all over .
size is perfect - holds a lot or a little equally well . suction cups work well . cute to look at also .
one of the best kick and plays i've seen . my baby is only two months old and already loves it . i love that its musical too !
love it ! my son can easily grab it with his lil baby hands . it's flexible enough he can chew on it as well
we needed something to keep water out after our daughter had ear surgery . worked as described . she didn't complain either .
great support and helps from rolling over ... only wish it was a little less of an angle . almost bought two ...
best invention ever . my daughter finds them weird but i like that it holds toys , pacifiers , and bottles if used correctly .
this plastic cover is short and doesn't even cover my daughter's feet . smells like horrible plastic ...
makes traveling easier with an infant . i love being able to go out and know i can easily make a bootle for my twins .
my little dumpling is already too big for the infant size , i can't get the prefolds fastened around her anymore with these .
santa brought these for my 8 month old and he loves them . they are great size and texture . just like pictured .
this is the best product ever ! my son is 9 months and sleeps every night with this sleep sack . love , love , love !
i have two different pottys . this is my granddaughters favorite . it is very easy to empty and clean . i love it .
it's very soft and is a great addition to our little girl's carseat . very soft on both sides . i'm sure it will last a long time .
this does what it's supposed to do , but it's difficult to get up and down . it was also very easy to assemble .
they help me a lot , because my baby bite the belts of the car seat , so she stopped when i put on ...
this bassinet is all you need for new born . easy to carry , safe and secure . i love the rocker idea as well .
fits my dream on me portable crib perfectly and is just the right thickness for my baby . plus , it's a reasonable price !
i purchased the white one with pink dots and it looks bright and cheerful and even more important attaches to babies clothing and holds the pacifier securely .
my wife hated this . device is very cumbersome and it never worked for her . we would not recommend this.cheers
paid good money for this thing and it didn't even last 5 months . total piece of crap and cannot and will not recommend to anyone .
adorable ! roomy enough for my toddler's needs and it seems to be very sturdy . we get compliments on it wherever we take it .
good size .. colorful . .. but just one lullaby and not well functioning when i press the ocean it switches off ... after 2 month s of use
thin plastic outlet covers ... they fit tight enough to prevent little fingers from removing . older little ones might be able to remove them .
we love this book and all of the lamaze soft books as well ! the crinkly pages and big eyes are a favorite !
my son has the turtle and monkey . he loves them both . he longer cares for the pacifier but he still holds onto them to take naps :)
this luvable friends brand makes the softest sheets , towels and changing covers . they are thin but inexpensive and the quality is pretty good .
this set fit my medela tubing perfectly , and was a lot more comfortable than the smaller set that came with my pump . it's also cheaper as well !
needed a replacement tube for my pump and this fit perfectly . i had the older version of the pump and description was perfect .
my baby likes to be slightly covered and having her arms free . in the summer , this was perfect . baby is a large 6 month old . :)
takes forever to warm up . i can boil water or heat water in the microwave faster than the 4 minutes it takes to heat a bottle in this
this is great for uneaten baby food that needs to be stored in the frig . if fits great in the storage case .
will be great for this unpredictable nyc weather . fits all standard strollers . easy to access the baby . good ventilation . good buy
i know it says colors and designs may vary , but i assumed since solid colors are pictured i was going to get solid pacifiers ...
works as expected . i like that it comes with a case so it can be kept relatively clean . i use it to clean breast pump parts too
this product is great because it enables you to do other things while pumping , so you're not confined to the couch . very comfortable as well .
very good product and would have no problems recommending it to other buyers , has no leaks when used with the appropriate bottle
i was pleasantly surprised when i received the cover . it's very cute and colorful . i needed a spare for my boppy pillow and it fits perfectly .
she loved this so much because she could easily hold , grab , and position it . we got a back up in case she lost the first one .
my grand daughter would hardly let her mother get this out of the box before she grabbed it . perfect for a 1 year old .
baby can brush his own teeth without chocking . the handles prevent him from shoving it down his throat . it's perfect for teaching baby how to brush .
got this for our 3 month old , he is 9 months old now and still loves it . it rattles so he loves moving it and shaking it .
this diaper pail keeps the smells in , while allowing you to cut the bags and throw them out whenever you want !
these bags are great , they clean up well and do not smell . only complaint is they are too big ( long ) for bambino pail .
great fabric , great fit , great quality . love it , especially when you mix it with pink . you're gonna love it too .
greatest thing ever invented ! love it . perfect . just like the crib , but portable ! great for the grandparents house . a must-have !
great price , great quality and nice layout of pages . i also like the selection of questions and themes . nice overall .
baby loved these . he chewed on them quite a bit . i like the guard that keeps it from going too far into his mouth .
i have an 8 month old .. i always carry this spoon in the diaper bag . the quality is great and the case makes it perfect !
these are so great , so easy to use , i do my pump parts after every use ! bottles once per week .
needed a new monitor and went by the amazon reviews . we are happy with this purchase and features . nothing fancy , just perfect for our needs ,
nice quality and i love the color . it can be used for both girls and boys . i can't wait to use it for my new born
these work for my pump , the medela freestyle . there are 2 but you will need to purchase spare breast shield separately .
this product is a must have to connect with the medela pump ! works like a charm every time - no leaking . excellent product , would recommend .
we were so tired of washing my baby's binky all day long ! ! ! not anymore ! ! ! thanks for making such a great product ! ! !
this installs quickly on your tub spout . give your kid protection and against an impact to the metal spout . it looks cute and works well . recommend .
this book was just as cute as i thought it would be and i would absolutely purchase it again , i plan to buy more from this collection .
these helped to lessen colic when my baby was 2-3 months . now , that he's older , i've noticed that they also decrease spit-up .
it may be organic but the stuffing was coming out of all the seams and that is not something i want my baby to eat .
cute bright colors and unique . i haven't actually used them yet but i'm excited to when the baby gets here
these were a baby shower gift along with a avent bottle set . they were recommended by three different mothers which is why i purchased them .
seems great ! i'm sure it will last a few years plus . seems comfy for my kiddo too . thank you very much .
we bought this rattle after saw one of our friends home , he liked too but still not one of the his favorite rattle.you may try .
my husband yanked hard enough on the oven door to pop this off . i don't think a baby or toddler could have managed it , though .
very comfy material for baby and cute design for adults to appreciate . fits perfectly on the changing pad and washes well .
used for my sons potty training . helped me good . even now sometimes he uses . great product for the price paid .
easy to install , easy to clean , and cute for the tub ! there isn't anything i don't like about this product .
great price and quality . it's nice to find a set with plenty of spoons and forks that are all plastic .
we love dr . brown's bottle and the bigger nipples are a necessity . these are great and our little girl loves them .
i washed these maybe 4 or 5 times and they fell apart . the velcro is terrible and the plastic curls up if you wash them in hot water .
these are lovely cute , soft , and inexpensive washcloths for baby . use at home or leave some at grandma's for visiting little ones !
this is great . unlike other car seat protectors this is heavy duty and won't cause the car seat to leave marks on your seats through the protector
useful heating pads but useless cold presses . these retain heat well but if you use them for cold presses might as well use frozen maxi pads .
this is a great tub ! i especially like the comfy sling for newborns .
these are great . we've been using them for 4 years to clean out dr . brown bottle pieces as well as any other cup that has a straw .
my toddlers are 3 and and 2 and they needed just a simple seat for the table to eat . this works perfect .
this is a great pacifier that the baby can hold onto a lot better than the standard ones . sometimes he gets particular and will only take the wubbanub .
since most strollers don't come with these anymore i love that this fits practically any stroller so i can just keep reusing it .
awesome for boys , comes with sounds and horn , steering wheel and slots to keep toys . easy to keep clean and washable seat .
this product is very cheaply made . the fabric on the leash started to unravel almost immediately . we don't use this for our newborn .
this toy is a great teether . it doesn't squeak , so that's a huge plus for my sanity . i wash it often to keep it clean .
i thought this toy was very cute , my baby , however didn't play with it too much .
it's sturdy , and easy to open and close the gate . i also purchased kidco gate , but i like this better .
love this great for little one ... he seams to love as a pacifier and i see him grind his gums back and forth
my baby had cradle cap for months and this was the only thing that got rid of it ! definitely worth it .
seems soft enough for baby use and harmless so that could use together with the glass botton for safe feeding .
good but doesnt fit very well on adapters . sometimes comes off when i move or use my pumping bra . i need to shove it in hard .
i hated these . made baby harder to nurse after he ate with them . the bottom leaked . theyre not worth it .
does its job , although a bit tight to remove though . its a pain everytime i have to use the vacuum cleaner .
again i bought as a gift but it looks like a nice product thru the box . i did not open it
she chews on everything , and won't take a standard pacifier , but she loves these ! and they're super cute , i get compliments everywhere i go !
bought two of these and my daughter liked the other one better than this one . they are super cute , though . bright colors .
great price . great item . was a little big on my son when i first got it but it fits him well now at 8 months
i love these ! they don't leak and are easy to put together . these are hard to find but i would buy these again and again .
love the design and function of these , wish they made an organic option and then they'd be the best clip on the market !
soft cotton baby friendly material . my daughter loves princess and this is her fav pillow cover and bed sheet , she loved this .
great quality and fit and holds up nicely , would recommend for those who use pack n play and travel a bit
jj cole original bundleme bunting bag arrived very fast . the color i wanted to match the stroller and carseat was good and it looks comfy .
i was expecting something a little thicker and this is very thin material , also the zipper broke when i put it in the mattress , i was disapponted .
opened the package . put in the batteries . and nothing . no lights no music . no anything . just a nice mirror . will be returning .
this comes in handy on days that we go on our walks around the neighborhood . baby doesn't mind it at all because she can still see through it .
i use the level 4 when i add 2 table spoons of cereals in the bottle for my 8 month old , they work great !
i have purchased this for my daugher . it fits perfectly in her crib and she loves sleeping in her crib .
this freezer tray is pretty easy to use , wash , and not to mention easy to pop out the baby food
well made durable and i love the cushioning . especially for a younger baby or preemie like ours . i wish they had more colors /
we tried 3 different bath tubes for our newborn.using this bath from her 4th week ! perfect shape , highly recommended .
bought this for my granddaughter that is only breastfed . this cup is the only way she will take breast milk other than from her mommy directly .
i use this after every wash . it's super convenient and steam the bottles well . i don't have to worry about mold anymore
this is completely cheap and will always make a wretched noise . it's always fuzzy and doesn't pick up young infant noises .
worked great for about a month . be careful , holes form very quickly !
very cute , good quality . i definitively would recommend that . very cute on my babys room.worth the money i paid for .
very comfortable . shipping delayed but was easy to put together ... less than 5 minutes . glides very smoothly . no noise . great price for this brand
even on maximum volume this machine is so quiet that it is completely useless.ambient noise in the room completely drowned it out . i returned it immediately .
unfortunatly it is very difficult to get the frozen food out of this tray . it makes nice size servings for a baby who is just starting to eat .
this was the best price i found online for these valves and membranes . they come with 4 valves and 6 membranes .
works fine with nuk milk bags , though if you plan on having a large storage supply it may be to small .
this spoon is too small and too shallow , the utilization rate is not , almost useless , but i think just started eating baby food supplement may be used
great product that hold up well over time and keeps the kiddo from getting into things and even prevents pinched fingers .
i use this every day at work . how anyone can pump at work every day and not have one of these is beyond me . love it .
this sheet fits fine and does get softer after each wash i just don't think it's anything special for the price we paid .
cute strap covers . baby keeps trying to bite on the little stuffed animal head part , but these covers are nice and soft .
my daughter is 6 months but isn't crazy about sophie seems like she would rather chew in something with texture
i like it . i like toy with pacifier . toy is very soft and light . the pacifier is soft and good quality .
great price and they keep all my straws clean ! i also use them to clean the tips of nipples where the bottle brush doesn't always get to .
a must have for my daughter after we broke her of a swaddle . gives me peace of mind that she is warm .
heavy duty and looking forward to daughter using this > hope it works as well as it feels when handled . i will update later
i have to say , i love this . easy to use and most of all , its clean .
image quality isn't great , battery life isn't great , range is not as far as it says
not as cute a noise as the infantino chimes . can barely hear them . baby has no interest in these . get the infantino chimes .
we love this product . it works well with our britax stroller which has barely any padding . i would recommend it .
for the price it's a great product ! i i used when i traveled and its ver comfy and perfect .. luv it !
love the way this looks , seems like good quality . now if i can just keep the cats off it all while we wait for baby to come !
this yellows after a month and warps . and note that i do not heat them at all . i just wash with soap and water .
i have washed it many times and it is still as good looking as it did on day one . i love it ! !
i should have listened to the other review . the tray is way to far and my baby has to pull himself to get whatever's on it
my son loves his wubanub . he can grasp it easily . it ' soft . we take it everywhere we go . helps at night .
great organization for my son's room . they help to keep his everyday items well organized and within reach . i use them on his changing table .
wash them like 20 times and you will never need anything but theses wipes ! ! they really get the job done .
this product is a mess ! it was a pain to fill , it leaked everywhere . so irritated ! would not recommend ! blah
i got this to use with my daughter and it truly works well . she stays warm and snuggly . very simple to use and wash .
you cant open with a baby in hand ! you need two hands to open or be a superhero i guess .
it doesn't have everything you need to baby proof and the plugs are a little awkward but it's a great starter kit . it makes a good shower gift .
this was a waste of money . we couldn't get baby to stay still in it .
we use it to give our daughter all sorts of food , esp when we are out . she loves it and so do we .
the mustela bebe baby shampoo 6.76 fl oz ( 200 ml ) it is a good shampoo , very good for the baby
it is a good product and works like it should . it keeps my little boy from playing in or flushing toys down the toilet .
the chair is nice and nicely made , but my son did not like it at all . we used the aquarium swing more than anything .
really cute and fits really well with the grass . holds smaller items so they don't get lost in the grass too .
needed this just wish i wouldve got the pink and purple ones which i will be ordering soon but they arrived really fast
we love sleep sacks . this one is great for winter months but is a little too thick for warmer weather .
this was a gift for my daughter and she loves it . it was easy for her to put on and holds the baby perfectly . thank you so much
baby gift for my grandson who isn't here yet . the parents chose this , i know they all will love it .
i wish they were a little bit sharper like the first pair of baby nail clippers that i have but i am satisfied with my purchase .
this cover does the job . it is plenty warm and easily fit on my babycenter car seat . black is neutral and could be used with either gender .
even though it's too short for my standard size changing table , i've had this for a little over 3 years now and it's held up perfectly .
we don't know the gender of the baby and we don't really have a ' theme ' so this matched just about everything i have .
my little 4 month old sits at dinner with us and plays on this soft , stable and safe seat ! great for kids .
these are nice to have around when you may want to switch out a nipple top for a storage flat top .
great design bought at a great price arrived before time expected and can't wait to give as a baby shower gift
this is great . we love the night light . our 3 month old loves the music . we've come to rely on this
baby rips it right off as soon as i put it on ... end up wasting 2-3 till i just give up
i like the color and design but my baby doesn't . i guess it doesn't work for every one . it's portable and convenience to bring out
this is perfect for baby and lasts a long time . the piano is one of baby's favorite things . highly recommend !
keep food warm when base is filled with warm water.divided compartments and non slip suction on bottom.divided compartments and non-slip suction on bottom . dishwasher safe .
this product is very easy and fun to use . works as promised and it is easy to clean .
spoons are good but the forks don't pick anything up ! i tried feeding my son using the forks and they were pointless !
i never had anything like this for any of my 4 children . my grandson had itfirst and i bought one for my nephew . love it !
i honestly feel so much safer . the cam never freezes and it has amazing features ... its def worth it
good for feeling different textures and learning to grasp . better for a baby that already has grasping down and can use two hands to old something .
not bulky , the stickies work great , but i imagine in time they may not stick ( that's usually the case with most of these cushions ) .
pail keeps smells at bay . foot pedal opens lid . works well with our cloth diapers . only wish it were slightly larger capacity .
matches the nursery with the bedding so perfect . they are pretty big pieces too , which is great ! they are too precious !
i've been using these for years and have yet to have a problem with my children getting into the outlets .
this has been perfect for my 2 year old who is getting her back molars . so many tethers are round and can't get back there
it works for my baby . it is not too heavy and it is the right size for him . i also love that it is bpa free .
our baby loves this for the noise , the movement of the balls and also to chew on . one of her favorite toys right now .
my baby doesn't seem to like it . it's kind of big and hard . but it's looks pretty neat maybe one day it will actually get useful !
so much better than trying to figure out how to swaddle with a blanket . stays put and keeps them warm and snug .
picture shown 4 guitars but in actual fact it was only 2 . the picture is very deceiving into getting 4 guitars but only get 2 instead .
snappies are the perfect closure for our cloth diapering system : prefold , snappi , and a duo wrap . no issues with snapping or breaking .
this is a great crib sheet . it protects the crib mattress and is easy to remove when it's time to wash ! great product for any new parents !
super easy assemble and looks great on my counter top ! i wanted this drying rack for my pump parts and everything fits so perfectly !
stands up well , good quality , great reflection , mounts well on the crib and my baby loves it . she watches it all the time .
you can see your baby perfectly and the mirror it's big so it's perfect the quality is good .. .
this hand-free nursing bra works well . i like that it comes with extra pieces to adjust the sizing and has straps in case you need them .
i really enjoy those pads . they are very useful for many things . i used it for myself as well as for the baby .
many different textures keep my son occupied . easy to clean . wish i could have chosen color , we got pink .. my son doesn't seem to mind .
if this pad had a nonskid backing , it would be perfect . however it doesn't and so we don't use it anymore .
they are great for my baby's homemade food . the pouches are so much more convenient than containers , even if these pouches can't be reused .
great and saves our hardwood floors , very cute and gender neutral ... only taking one star off because it tends to get bunched up .
easy to assemble . looks good . very confortable for my baby . grows with the baby . good price . seems secure enough as not to tip over.recomeded
you will love this and the price is right . looks cute in the babys room boy or girl . washes up nice too .
we have had this set for about a year now and the colors are still vibrant . plus the sheets and case are soooo soft ! !
i thought the trim was more of a yellow but looks a little more tan . but perfect for my daughters sweaters and so forth .
this is extremely soft , just as stated it is velour . will be perfect for warmth in the winter for baby !
my son is 2 and weighs 29lbs . the medium fit great . nice and thin and still managed to contain a blowout . i'm impressed .
it meets all of our needs . it operates with ease like the key fit . easy to get our grandson in and out .
it is the best teether ever . it does the job and my son loves it . every baby should have one .
this gate works great . it keeps my little pooch where she belongs . it was relatively easy to assemble , didn't take much time .
lasts longer than a different brand i bought , but it scratches super easy and is hard to clean . ok for a little while
i really wanted this to work for my baby since it is natural rubber , but it is too difficult for her to get a grip on .
very rough sheets , was disappointed . cute but it was hard for me to use them because i wouldn't even want to sleep on them !
the pads only last a month to two months never three but they are necessary since the wipes warmer is a must !
good price looks cute . washes well and doesn't show spit up stains . fits hoppy pillow perfectly and easy to put on .
great for a preemie . very easy to use , comfortable for baby and easily transitioned from the nipples used in the nicu .
the thing is , luckily our baby is not into pacifiers . he likes them only for a bit and these do the job .
highly recommend buying this in addition to portable crib . mattress that comes with crib it usable but very thin . very pleased
the product overall is good . we have a crib that is arched so you have to cut to properly fit to the crib rail .
for the price , this carrier is perfect . gave it quite the use , but now the lil ' one's way too heavy to carry . would recommend .
great and reliable product . i have used this with both of my kids and wouldn't use another bottle / nipple product ! it is fantastic .
must-have for cloth diapers . they typically last for a month until they break , which i am okay with . much better than using safety pins !
great quality and perfect fit for our toddler to reach our pedestal sink . the price was far less than most for the quality .
returning it now ! the bag ripped and we lost hard earned breast milk .. gurrr . recommend the ameda bottles to store or another storage bag
unfortunately my twin boys never took to pacifiers , however . my dog loves ' em.seriously though , we'll made product with a one piece paci .
this was very ackward for my child to be in and felt it was too small to support her . i sent it back .
this bumper does not fit snuggly enough . there are slight gaps around the portable crib . this item is going back .
soft pages and bright colors ! i washed this right after i purchased it and it came out perfect . i love it and expect to buy others .
this appeared to be a good product , however , the one that was sent to me appeared to be used so i returned it without using it .
works just as expected . strap them on the stroller seat belt , highchair cover , anywhere . no complaints . no suggestions for improvement .
this mirror was easy to install and allows me to see my son while during my long commute to and from work .
looks just like described . but my baby don't like it . it's too big for his mouth . he is 5 month old .
my mom bought this for our son ! it was made with very thick plastic rings and material which is defenetly safe for a baby !
these look really nice . the colors are vibrant and the pictures are nicely printed . i think they make lovely thank you cards for baby notes .
my 21 month old loves rocking on his horse . my husband assembled it and it seems to be of good sturdy construction .
seems not cheaper than the same products in prc , also looks like too small . good quality as well as the others .
this pad was a great deal and so far it gets the job done ! it fits with all standard changing pad covers and secures the baby nicely .
could be a little thicker but i guess since it's for a cradle it's okay . otherwise size is okay for my baby's cradle .
my baby simply adores this toy ! it has so many colors and sounds coming from the crinkly wings and squeaker .
i never used these just because i did not find feasible . it cannot be reused . and the main problem is we cannot warm the milk .
i liked the body rest but not the head reast ... read washing instructions ... the body rest is very soft and comfortable ... nice color .
we like it . it works as advertised and was simple to instal . much nicer than the prison bar option the previous tenants left on our other window .
terrific bag . love the size and the design . i use it year-round ... for summer beach days and winter indoor swim lessons .
a great discrete way to dispose of diapers while on the go . i appreciate the holder and will continue to purchase these refills .
we use these at night for my daughter - they are the only thing that keeps her dry all night long !
it's a good product . they should really cut down on the size as its to big for little mouths to suck , chew on .
my son loves this blanket to snuggle with . it works well all year round and is easy to wash and throw in the dryer .
noticed a crack on the left vertical wooden piece . still seems capable of holding back our 11 month old but i recommend better packaging for shipment .
grandmother comment . like the fish , this got a lot of attention and looked good in the photos . boy toy . would buy again , very sensible .
could be reused and easy to wash . pure cotton touchs comfortable for my wife . the only pity is just 6 pieces .
i really liked this seat and it is seems very comfortable ! ! i bought this seat for my bff's daughter and she fit very nicely in it !
these are a great idea but the closure in the back isn't very strong so my baby just tears them off and throws them n the floor .
i like the easy to use dr . brown bottles . make sure u have the thin brush to clean the tubing . or else bacteria will breed .
extend the life of your avent's product.now , i can continue to use all the avent bottles !
this is a great teether . it is very easy for the little one to stimulate the vibrating action , making it a huge hit !
i used this for my sons potty training . great product for the price paid . it can be used for multi purpose inside the house as well .
so soft and functional - we loved this product for use in the car seat and stroller - a must have !
so far , it has been perfect for our baby items ! lots of room to store assorted items . looks neat and organized !
this book is well-constructed and very colorful . my granddaughter enjoys looking at it and hearing the sounds the book makes when turning the pages .
this bed skirt is perfect for a crib or toddler bed . looks identical to pricier ones from pb kids and the fabric lays very well .
worked well with the jolly jumper ! our grandson was able to see the cause and effect of his own jumping / movement of his feet !
i'm a bit of a neat-freak so i thought i would love these … .. it's a cute idea but not worth the money spent .
sturdy . cute . worked when he was really small and still using at 5 months .
these hold up fantastic in the wash . be advised : they do shrink a small amount in the first initial washes to prep before use .
ended up not using it once i ran out of bag , cant find them locally , so i now use a arm and hammer one
this sheet fit great on our crib mattress and held up in the wash . it's very soft and comfortable . would buy again
i have tried at least 4 other pacis and my daughter only likes this one . i don't know what it is about it , but she loves it .
love this for my daughter . she eats little snacks at home or outside without spilling everything . good box and would buy more
my 2.5 month baby loves this toy ball . it's perfect for the little hands to hold and the colour palette is fun !
i've been using mustela products on both of my children . does not sting the eyes and cleans their hair and scalp very well .
love our moose toys and love our lamaze products well worth the money and is so fun to take along in the stroller !
perfect quality , beautifully designed . it looks nice on my baby . absorption is good . i bought 2 more orders . i recommend it .
my son loves his little moose toy . it's really easy for him to grab and manipulate . good size , nice colors , overall great baby toy !
love the glow in the dark nuks ! they work perfect at night to see and pop back into mouth ;) . .
my daughter likes this more or less but it is pretty cheap and probably not worth $ 9 . it is on a twine of string and is unfinished .
i love these click lock sippy cups . my carpet and i are very happy with these cups . i will contine to only purchase these cups .
perfect for our need and being in a rental house . wish all rental homes would come with these already installed !
great for teaching my little one how to drink out of a cup . the only problem is the handles and bad , not functional . they are too small
i have a nephew that visits often . great because i can attach an additional seat and take my daughter and nephew for a stroll on the same stroller ...
perfect for 3-9 month babies , these are soft and absorbent on both sides with waterproof inner layer . colors don't fade or run in wash .
this backpack is just too cute , it fits my ( big ) 2 1/2 year old very well with room to grow . he loves it .
best pail liner , fits in my ubbi and does a great job . plus , it comes in a lot of adorable colors .
made in korea . easy to grab , so six month old likes it quite a bit , but he also gags himself with it pretty frequently .
this is way too big for our spout and it won't hold air . i wish it was smaller and better made
i like having this around for easy bath time readings cause some times you think its fine , turns out its hot .
this is actually the second one i have purchased . purchased for another vehicle . works great at protecting the seats and matches the car interior perfect !
great plates - deep enough for different foots - stackable - durable - dish washer safe ( top rack ) and look brand new after months of use .
like it a lot . they are great made material . i change this silicone nipples for 4 months . only works for evenflo bottles . highly recommend .
a great set bought for our new grandson . made a great gift and is soft and nice . the color works for both genders .
these are the standard quilted waterproof pads . they are fine and do the job . good size for on the changing pad .
this fitted sheet fits the mattress for my pack n play perfectly . i highly recommend these sheets , in fact i ordered more .
my baby like it , this is a very soft and safety for baby , and no bpa , good , i like it ,
this is so cute and i think will work well at getting my sone use to brushing his teeth every night .
these are my favorite clothe wipes . i have ordered them several times . hold up very well too after many washes .
not too much to review here . it seems to do a good job blocking out the sun and has stayed in place nicely .
i had lots of hopes when i ordered this paci . however , it smells rubber so much that my baby spits it up right away .
i like it .. it holds the toys but i hate that it moves .. that is the only thing i don't like
this was a decent buy . it came just described and was a lot less expensive than the ones in the stores .
my newborn spends more time in her than in his bassinet ! very cute and comfy ... plus the vibrations and music are gentle enough not to startle him .
i use this cooler almost every day . it is nice looking and very good quality .
no one wants to use a nipple shield , but these work and are just as advertised . would recommend buying it if needed
i have spent more money for things and baby could care less . however these are still fascinating after a week !
these are great for when your child is getting molars . easy for our child to hold and use . the safety ring is nice addition to prevent gagging .
need a plug in version . other than that it was ok . we get along ok with out it . good idea
this was a great bag to stuff full of goodies for a daddy to be all other stuffing i also got from amazon prime love love it ! !
this cover is very soft , rich color , launders well without pilling . i liked this so much i got it in brown too .
this bowl is nice for my son . he likes to shove stuff off of his high chair . perfect size and does not slide at all .
i became very happy to get this . the product is produced with good material . i recommend to everyone . buy it
its huge and is not a smooth leather , the color is to dark and does not look nothing like the picture online
a little bulky but cute ! washes well , fit our son well with plenty of room to grow , would buy again !
i bought this iteam without even thinking , the corners of my bathtubs are more like holes so i cant use it you need deep corners for this .
ever since my son turned 3 months old he sits and bounces in this jumper like it's his dream job and he ain't working for the man .
unless you stick these to glass , they don't work on any surface . all they are is an overpriced kids bowl . don't waste your money .
it's adorable & works well but pieces will break off from handle area . could be dangerous once kids got older & started crawling ...
these bibs are so nice . i love how the bottom catches everything and there's less mess in the kitchen and on baby !
our baby is breast feeding , so we wanted a balanced natural feeling pacifier , to keep him happy in between feedings . this one works great .
this is the only toy he plays with in the carseat . keeps him occupied with lights and the music is not annoying .
bought for 1yr old son bc his molars were coming in - it's cute , colorful but my son didn't seem to like it .
this hooks right on the side of my pack and play ! everything i need for changes in one convenient place !
tiny in size ... too small to swaddle a new baby . thin material you can almost see through . save your money and buy better product .
fit perfectly with the medela breast pump i was using and was brand new just like advertisedi looked for hours for this though ! ! !
very useful , does the job . better yet if you leave it in the freezer for awhile before using . very good .
good stuff and fun to play for baby . would recommend to a friend . good thing is you can buy more and expand
the product is reliable , fabric is soft . i love the price too . adjustable ; i would recommend this baby carrier for infants and older kids .
i like these sheets but i find that they are becoming looser with every wash . they are now a little too big .
feels safer than the other standard shape one we have . i would buy this one again . baby likes it pretty well .
this is such a great inexpensive mirror ... so wonderful for tummy time or back time . you can also use it in the crib , too .
love this crib so far ( little one is 3 months old ) looks very nice for a reasonable price . easy to assemble and would buy again
2-3 month old liked it lot , now at 5 months he's really playing with it . dig the old school retro design . like it very much .
this product is complete and certainly fulfills the expectations . this product was requested by my daughter in law . product performs well .
finally ... an organic toy with some color ! my 10 month old loves these ! i think these are of great quality . i would definitely recommend them .
this is very useful for collecting milk on other breast while breastfeeding . comfortable and used all the time . good product .
nice and thick , without that annoying rough feeling that other bibs have . the neck opening is roomy , and the velcro is sturdy .
i loved this gate so much that i bought another one to keep my busy grandbabies out of dangerous areas in my home .
my husband and i love this diaper duty organizer . we also have the wipes warmer too . it's just so handy .
have tried others and like this the best for my hard water . cloth diapering my second child scents are nice they dont stay on cloths rinse out clean
these are better than the original medela tubing i had . the connectors are more secure and seem like they will last a long time .
smaller than expected but baby 4 month old likes it . she chews on both sides . material seems quality . made in china .
i have 5 halo sleepslacks in cotton , velboa & fleece and love them all ! would recommend to anyone . worth every penny .
this paci clip pretty much matches everythings . the fabric is soft and tough . it also washes up wonderfully if needed . great basic clip .
not using much . i will still try some other kinds tho . they might be more practical as they stand up .
so tiny and hard as a rock . inexpensive , but you definitely get what you pay for . not even using . makes me more uncomfortable .
does the job well . wish this was offered in organic cotton like a few of the other straps made by this brand .
these are the best designed holders iv seen or used and the patterns are cute too.easy to clip on and take off .
these bibs rock ! super absorbent , super soft and with the adjustable snaps you can make sure it's snug without choking them .
easy to use and to install . great to have an additional base to switch car seat from one car to another .
from the moment we put this toy on for our daughter , she was laughing & giggling at the light up colors ! such a great purchase !
i didn't like these towels . they are very thin , and my baby felt cold in them . although i give it 2 stars cause i'm a rainforest fan
this is such a sweet little lamb that makes soothing sounds to comfort infants . it's every bit as cute and cuddly as the picture .
wrong pattern they shipped to me and not helping for return back the money ! packing very badly ! the after sales service extremely a nightmare !
this is great for all the little parts and pieces that come along with both bottle feeding and pumping . i use it for every cycle ...
well made , appears comfortable , easy to clean , durable . what else an i say about a mattress made in the usa ! ! !
these are light and airy soft blankets which is very much needed in a warm climate like houston . great quality .
these have saved my clothes on multiple occasions . they're not huge , but fit well in a car seat or high chair or swing .
extra nipples for your first years bottles . double-nipple makes it easier for baby to switch from breast to bottle after the first few weeks .
almost returned this when we saw how simple it is - only 2 slides for the projector . glad we kept it , baby loves it .
it fit well and looks great on our crib ! the color is a very nice chocolate . i would recommend this product .
love this diaper cover ! thirsties are my go-to covers . easy to put on and does a good job of holding in what it's supposed to .
it is super soft and nice . the cover washes really well , i am going to order another in a different pattern .
very nice , big like they described , wonderful for swaddling baby.love the colors.they feel alot better after washing a few times .
the sound machine is great but the protector now makes a horrible screeching sound so we can't use it . sad
my 4 1/2 month old loves to have this on his highchair , he will sit and play while i do the dishes and clean up the kitchen
i like this ... although wasnt sure at first ... it works well and give you extra room for the nipples off the boon grass
these cutters are wonderful ! my daughter loves when we cut her food up with the funbites cutters . looking forward to buying other ones !
these are very cute and cozy for my baby . they are well made and very good for the price ... and cute .
this is a great training potty for toddlers . it's easy to clean and i like the light color . very happy !
a bit hard to use one handed . but worth it for how well it works . keeps the seat very cool even on very hot days .
great keys . the are a big plastic and colorful set . they are tough and easy to wash and the baby likes them .
these aren't medela brand , but they worked perfect with my shoulder bag pump . i liked the case they came with and the extra membranes . great product !
my son ` s legs didn ` t fit comfortably in forward facing position which was our only option since the guy hates not being able to watch around .
easy and inexpensive way to organize closet . holds a lot and hangs with very sturdy velcro . just received it so hasn't been used for very long yet .
excellent product and great price ! perfect for attached toys to kicknplays ... carseats ... etc . my son loves these !
i tried to like it but i didn't ... i ended up returning it and replacing it with dr . brown's and i'm much happier
i loved this outdoor blanket , we use it everywhere and it is so easy to clean and definitely easy to store !
although the price is definitely a little high , this is beautiful and has a pretty ballerina effect . it was the perfect touch to our daughters nursery !
safety , looks , ease of use - what more can you ask ? my granddaughter loves her pink seat in gramma's car !
knobby texture chewy tube green very small , but baby likes to hold it , i usually give it while feed her
it doesn't stay stuck for very long , but i didn't expect it to . the bowl is a great size and i love that the spoon is encased .
