i used this for blending my liquid foundation . they work well . i also used them for applying blush and it looked great .
i just got extensions and i can't wash my hair every day so this is perfect for an extra day and with beautifull , clean and good smelling hair.definetly reccomend
these are very good also well for beginners i do suggest them to any one who is looking for a quality nail .
love these pads . doesn't leave lint or fiber on nail plate.will never us cotton balls for nails again.awesome pads .
stamp transfers to nails perfectly . depth of stamp is not shallow . if to short for your long nails you must stamp twice . line up is easy .
loved how it arrived on time . this is one of the better colognes out there in my opinion if sprayed on the right guy .
not much to say but it does the job . i intend to bleach different types of hair and this product will help me do so .
i love this eyeliner . it goes on smooth and i love the texture . fast shipment . i would recommend this . thank you .
this color is just ok . i thought it would be more shimmery . it is dark brown with a hint of shimmer .
these pink rods are relatively small but they are strong and do the job i needed them to do on smaller hairs near the neckline .
this primer is sooo worth the money ! i have used many kinds before some expensive and some not ... but this is cheap and great stuff !
it's so beautiful and pigmented and wonderful and amazing . stays all day , you only need a tiny bit , and blends beautifully .
they don't stick that well , but i bought them to use more as a guide rather than actual design work .
its a great remover , you should buy it if some cuticles dont botter you . im in a experience fase yet , but i thinks its worth it .
only a tad of this is needed on your blush brush ! goes long , long ways . it's a great range of blush colors .
i was looking for something that wasn't cheap , yet not too out there . there are so many to choose from and i'm glad i found this one .
for all the small details and then some ... these brushes are really wonderful the magic is in the hands of the user !
excellent price for this product . use it before i put on moisturizer . a great combo . i will buy this again .
ahh my favotrie sent in the whole world has arrived . one of the best smells ever . i think i will be ordering more thanks
pretty good toner , has a nice zing to it , and refreshing . smell is nice , chamomile as described , follows up nicely to scrubs .
great lotion . used the whole bottle and got a great base tan . will for sure be ordering again . highly recommend to new tanners !
excellent product ! light but does the job ! my hair is so shiny and healthy ! very inexpensive for the value . will be repurchasing .
since i'm a first time stamper , i still have to practice centering the images in my nails.but konad works well .
this sunscreen has a nice scent to it and is not thick and greasy feeling like some other sunscreens . definitely something i would buy again .
i have been using this for years . i like that it is not oily . i like that i can subcribe and save .
this is one of my favorite colors . i will wear this color any time . i love essie polish because it lasts .
i just love this conditioner . it adds just the perfect amount of zing to the colored hair and in combination with the color care shampoo it's even better .
my doctor recommended this shampoo as i was experiencing hair loss . hair loss has stopped and it leaves hair shiny .
i love his mascara / it dosen't clump goes on easily and separates each lash giving the appearance of longer lashes .
brush is nice and soft but handle came off twice and i had to reglue ... other than that for the price the quality is good !
the pen part of all thirty hat busted or leaked very bad in the pen part cap and the color rubs off easily
i bought this a while back just to try it and i really liked it . liked it so much i ordered it again ,
the color is vivid for sure . unfortunately it's too pink on my hair . my daughter likes it . fortunately it does wash out in 1-2 washes .
i was looking for something close to the new urban decay electric palette and these coolrs are very vibrant and pretty ... really good product for the price .
my bf and i really like this body wash . it leaves our skin soft after a shower . and , it feels creamy and bubbles nicely .
now it's easy to have your very own nail salon at home ! these tools make it possible while easy to use and simple instructions .
great deal-so cheap ! would be triple the price at sally's . work good as any other brand .
didn't really notice any change in my skin . been useing 2 weeks . i will finish product purchase and report again if i think i plan to re-purchase .
bought these for my wife and she is a makeup fanatic she likes high quality items and these were perfect she really enjoyed this item
great price .. high pigment .. wonderful product ! now if i could only buy the time to do my eyes with this make up everyday :)
i also have a clarisonic but i enjoy the face brush also . i can use it past the minute or two from the clarisonic.thanks for a nice product
love it.this product is excellent and make your nails feel hard . i like it very much and plan to use it in the future when needed .
i really like this one . i do feel like it really gets my skin super clean . clears out the clogged pores and does it with natural ingredients .
cute but hard to use , i need lots more practice cutting them even ! probably would not buy something like this again .
it goes on thick and dark and lengthens but it gets a bit clumpy and it is hard to curl
it makes your eyes look amazing ! i put on primer first and the color stays in place until i remove it !
so i bought this as my first time brush and it was really soft to the touch and put my foindation on really well without leaving any streaks
the polish is to shear and it don't work for stamping . i threw it in the trash a waste of money .
smooth and creamy texture . i don't like wimpy creams , this one is just right . have used about one week , like the results so far .
this perm gives great curls even on hard to curl hair . i have had great luck with this line of perms and would rely on no other !
made my hair soft only if i don't rinse it out completely . it seemed like every other good conditioner , nothing special . loved the price !
this really lathers your hair and makes it feel soft . i might just make this one of my regular conditioners .
these are perfect .. just what i ordered .. lots of pretty colors .. i love them and my customers will love them
these are great for nails and blinging out items . small , cute and detailed . would buy again and would recommend.thank you
very nice cream . i have noticed a difference in my dry skin after only 10 days . i will definately use this and other aveeno products again .
this is the perfect balance of nude / pink / gloss . had real staying power and moisturizes well . super nice color and a good value .
i was surprised when i got themthey are very small and skinnyi havent tried them so i dont know how it's gonna work
use this instead of benetint . love the feel of it and it stays on . cheaper than benetint . happy with it
i bought this shampoo because it is hydrate , but it does not . personally for me it is just mediocre shampoo .
i've never used this item or any other rosehip oil , so have nothing to compare it to - but looks to be pure - have just started using it
worked well , kinda stiff almost like a nerf ball , but looks nothing like the picture . didn't really expand either . it's ok
shipping was fast and the color is perfect . and it does actually look like a snowglobe ! i seriously adore it .
doesnt crack easy , nor get tacky , dries quickly but smells like the regular liquid . works well with just about any acrylic powder
love the color . must put multiple coats though . overall i love this brand . will recommend to anyone that loves the natural look
i had no idea you could purchase eyelash adhesive in anything other than the white . this works beautifully - strong too .
been using this for the past few weeks . holds well , but my hair is so soft and touchable . good scent . will buy again .
it stings a bit when i apply it , and doesn't moisturize as well as i hoped . i do like the cruelty free and paraben free , though .
very gentle , and no offensive smelli think of dove as soap but their hair products are gentle and smell almost fragrance free
nice mild body wash . the fragrance isn't overpowering like some of the major brands . small bottle , which makes it easy to handle .
it's a good price tho and works really well the first few months . i noticed my foundation went on smoother after using this on my face .
excellent product ! ! ! strong scent but still smells fresh . i like how light it is and not leaving a heavy buildup on my hair .
this is great for the shower and has the ability to travel with you everywhere . this is also lightweight . try one today .
love it love it ! it goes on smooth and stays that way . great natural look day or night ! i use it with a gloss .
i love it . no sticky or greasy effect . it smells good and seems like it does its job . definitely can recommend it
good value and luv this product , in fact i just bought 2 more bottles .. it helps nourish and restore our hair's moisture
it doesnt stay cold for very long once out of the freezer . also the band that goes around your head is thin and weak .
excellent product , received in excellent conditions higly recommended if u want to buy it go ahead its an original perfume . higly recommended
beautiful pink glitter polish . i love the flakes of pink in it . makes a great topcoat over other pink polishes .
i tried it once but im not sure if i like it or not maybe ill try it again to see the result if its really good or not
works ok . i would like to see it noted what each side is for / does . i don't know ' how ' to use each side .
great accent to have in your 3d nails art collection . they say forever with a dab of super glue . great price , highly recommended .
some conditioners leave hair feeling weighty or gunky . this one leaves hair relatively light and still smooth . that's the goal .
my favourite brush . it's wonderful and it doesn't shed like my mac brush does . will definitely repurchase from seller .
as an african american woman its hard to find blush for my skin tone . this blush you can actually see on my face !
i haven't used them yet . i will in 45 days . these are white all over . i bought them for my teenagers birthday party .
i was pleased with these dotters . they work well for tiny little designs as well as a leopard design . very pleased .
i'm sixty and i love this fun perfume ! it's sweet and flirty and just makes me feel good when i wear it and i get tons of compliments .
i am 70 years old and trying hard to stay young . this serum seems to help my skin a lot and it's so easy . love it .
love this gelish color . really a nude pink looks very elegant . i highly recommend this so pretty.this as a french manicure is gorgeous .
tingles good on scalp . used as part of a receipe for short natural hair that has been hard to grow .
i don't feel i can wear this sunscreen alone because it gives my face a blue / white tint . i like the texture and it's fine under foundation .
feels great on skin , it even works great in the face ! ! ! i have dry skin and it has worked wonderfully .
love the soft and light scent of this lotion . will definitely purchase other scent . good moisturizer also . leaves your skin feeling no to heavy .
i use deva heaven in hair intense moisture treatment on my curly , color-treated hair . i really helps my hair to feel healthy and soft .
i love this product , it cleans my makeup brushes very well ! i have not had any problems with this product at all !
for people that love shimmery purples , this is a must-try nail polish . it's absolutely striking and in different lights , it casts varying shades of color .
this takes too many coats to get a nice color . i started using it as a clear coat . it's ok .
its a little scary with foreign directions . i contacted seller but answers did not help me feel confident to use it so i never have ? ?
wayyyyyy too much alcohol in this toner . i'm going back to real , true , pure rosewater for my skin . this dried out my face .
easy to pick up the design , nice designs . i like them a lot . the edges were clean , not fuzzy.fun to use .
came in early and looked nice didn't look cheap , wonderful , difficult to apply at first but you get the hang of it ! i love them !
does not work do not buy . i only get smudges on my nails the designs suck so now im stuck with a s * * * y prduct .
it could be a bit more thinner but that's my taste . otherwise it's a great brush .
love this shampoo . lathers nicely , washes out cleanly and keeps my hair soft and smooth for blow drying . definitely recommend it .
my wife bougth it and now she don't live without it.she bougth 5 of this in this purchase.she is crazy for this makeup
this product goes on really smooth and make your skin actually feel better than before you put it on . coverage is easy to do
these are just okay . the are too stiff to use for designing nails . maybe i am just not professional enough . :-)
i love this , wipes off every form of make up on my face and leaves my face feeling smooth ! exactly as described ! will be purchasing again !
cheaply made too plastic-y feeling dont look natural not really satisfied with this purchase at all . . . . . .
the formula is nice - goes on smoothly and is opaque with one thick or 2 thin coats . love essie's products .
gorgeous color and covers very well ! great spring and summer color , almost as bright as the picture . got tons of compliments on it !
wonderful foundation powder . gives full coverage . camouflages and hides dark area above my lip . this stuff works . mac is an excellent brand .
great bright red color . i also really like layered with " cake pop "
love the way this smells and makes my hair feel . have been using it for years . i get so many compliments on my hair !
the wife just loves this product and uses it often . i will definitely replace it with the same the next time she needs such .
i love this product ! it goes through my brows effortlessly and it doesn't look weird on my brows . i love it very much !
purchased this as a gift for my mom . this is one of her favorite signature scents . this perfume is a classic . i'll be purchasing this again .
i seriously only use the flat foundation brush . the others i never use . so if that brush came by itself , i would have done that .
just makes my hair greasy . i was hoping it would add thickness to my hair , but no luck . i love shea moisture shampoo though .
love the angle tip of this product helps evenly distribute product . i use to apply conditioners and other hair treatments . good for quick processes also .
you literally only have to rub your finger off once and all the nail polish is off even if you have a lot of layers .
soft not durable , spoole is great but brushes won't last long not good quality . color is beautiful . not for professional use .
amazing color ! amazing quality . you can see swatches of this shade and other trugels on my blog here - http://www.reneebeautygroupe.com/search/label/nails
i love the product , it's wonderful i will more it makes your skin soft and tight told my friend she bought one .
i like this just needed to get used to it its extremely watery you need to wipe the tip of the brush off and than its fine .
i ordered this and was so excited about getting it . when i opened the box it was exactly what i wanted
it works fine but i was expecting an actual nail tool not a tool for engraving in stuff . it's not actually manicure nail file drill
received in mail pretty quickly . made my own clip-ins next day . very sturdy and fit comfortably in my hair . will purchase again .
i love these bows . they are kinda big for you nails , i don't know if i would recommend it for you nails but they are very cute (:
this oil is so subtle . it's not sweet-smelling ; it's not musky in the heavy way most people have experienced musk . it is sublime .
after my shower i use this every night . it does help smooth out the little lumps but don't expect miracles .
this headband looks great with a variety of hair styles . its so pretty on , i'm getting extras for all the girly girls i know .
very good toner for your skin . this bottle will last awhile . it has a rose scent which is not the most pleasant but very reasonable .
i really like this face wash , and it complements the night cream that i use every night . its helping to make my face look smoother .
these nail pens are wonderful ! ! i can do just about any design on my nails that i want ! so smooth and easy to use !
i love palmer's products . they keep your skin so soft and smell great ! they got this to me super quick . i use it all the time .
others have mentioned the fragrance , but i like it . nice hold , and non-toxic ! rated very low on the ewg website .
i bought this for our 16 yr old son who has thick hair and troubles finding a shampoo he likes . he loves this one !
best packaging out of all of the nail art rhinestones i've gotten . the price was great and the rhinestones are beautiful on my nails !
its such a gorgeous color ! its stays on your lips quiet long and it sooo smooth ! :) i just love it ! :)
you will get many hours of nail decorating out of the kit . my daughter and i love to experiment w different styles .
they did not stay in the hair well , and the curl was minimal at best . buyer beware . i would not buy again
i just started doing my own nails and this was exactly what i needed . the quality is great and the nail tips work out perfect .
if you want organic and natural ... dr . bronner - organic citrus bar soap , 5 oz bar soap ... they are a good line of products ! ~
the smell is amazing and it left my body feeling extremely soft i topped it with the tree hut mango lotion ... don't hesitate to buy ! ! !
i see no difference after 4 weeks of use . anyone who uses the yes line , please give me some suggestions for a good alternate .
this mat has saved my counter top as well as that of my daughter , daughter-in-law and god daughter . it protects the marble on the sin from burns .
i have used this many times and really like it . its a pretty color . looking forward to trying others . would definetly recommend the product . thanks !
i have used the perfect 10 for years and it works very good.the golden brown in this kit comes out very good , and it is beautiful .
a really great skin fluid . i like it even more than skin creams because it is lighter on the face and neck
the serum didn't do anything for me . i think that the serum just has a lot of hype behind it .
no tangles and the wide tooth is great . good price and high quality . so smooth would be great for children .
all products are fabulous skin 79 i used bb cream this powder reinforces the concept that i have this fabulous brand is excellent quality
i was very happy with the cleanser andscrub from olay - it did minimizingmy pores around by nose - nowi have soft skin around by nose
the color is a classic red that you can wear all year round . for best results i ended up doing only one coat , color is that god
i love this soap , and it's an excellent price . i would suggest this soap if you have combo skin and break out from time to time .
i like it a lot . i needed fake lashes here and there and these were wowzaaa .. love them for the drama they give . will buy again .
like it very much and my daughter to know we can do many more design with this .. thank you very much for this item .
i love the color of this polish , it is a perfect bright purple , formula was ok , opaque in 2-3 coats .
love great lash mascara and have used it since high school . this formula is my favorite because it comes off easier that waterproof but still stays on .
the experience was just ok . some of the colors were not exactly as pictured . it is ok for the price . you get what you pay for .
not good for eye shadow get real hair brushes for that and not synthetic , but good for blending esp . love the fanned one
this brush has become my new favorite brush . this was my first stippling brush & i have fallen in love with it.makeup goes on smooth
a great purchase . smells wonderful . i love it . best one yet . i would buy this again . a gift would be great with this item .
i don't notice anything when i use this product . not even a hit of highlight . save your money , not worth it !
this color is beautiful . very bright but i wouldn't say so much " neon " , will look good with any skin tone .
it works great and leaves your skin clean and soft . it clears skin and removes makeup easy . i love it better than the clothes .
this is a good cleanser , it lathers up well , removes makeup and is not drying . the price is very reasonable as well .
took forever to get here . its cute but does not stay in place if hair is straight . only wear with curls
this product is like glue , wasnt not the product for me , hard to apply . might work better for someone else , just not for me .
this product is a outstanding for dry , chemically treated hair . a little goes a long way , and it has a lovely scent .
no girl should flat iron her hair without using some sort of flat iron protector ! this product works pretty well for me - i recommend it .
love the look of these over other colors . used the blue first over gold / yellow glitter for st . paddy's day and got green glitter . awesome !
love the color ! its a reddish orange color , perfect for fall . no problems with the color separating like i have with other opi shades .
took a little longer than i expected to receive this but it was worth the wait . i'm happy with them overall .
this product came on time and was in perfect condition . this color is great for a french manicure ! love it !
neriumad night cream didn't work for me , made my face very dry , felt itchy and uncomfortable plus the smell wasn't nice either .
iam growing out my hair and needed something that would hold a crappy haircut . this product is great and i will order larger bottle !
i watched so many youtube videos where artists used this product . i have pale skin and this does not show up on my face at all .
great nail art . every wheel has very colorful pieces . looks great on the nails . good buy for the price . nice
don't expect smooth when you use this polish because if you want the full effect it is going to be bumpy , but gets lots of compliments .
this is good to use after you wash your skin . it will add moisture while toning and keeping gunk out . smells great as well .
this stuff does not work at all , it is like a cold compress to a dead man , no change in zits , pimples , whatsoever .
eh ... didn't do much . it's now in the back of the closet collecting dust .
my grandma loves this product and is excited about the difference she see in just a few days . she will definitely purchase it again .
it's perfect to dipo nail art you cat never mess up and it does come in different sizes love it thank you so much
i saw this as a recommendation on dr . oz . i couldn't tell the difference over my other hair treatment products .
you only need a little bit , it goes a long way . works well on my hair , which is thin and fine .
i love this cream . it goes on nice and keeps my face from being dried out throughout the day . it keeps me looking younger then i look .
i will be getting more of this serum . it really helps your skin to look younger . i use it everyday and will continue to use ..
what can you really say about a wig cap ? it does the job of keeping your hair down so you can get your wig on .
i was a little sad to see some of the eyeshadows were broken but that could have been from the mailman . other than that it was perfect
products are a little smaller than gelish mini but just as good . i'm experimenting with different gels and so far red carpet passes
i don't have any previous experience with this kind of products . this works well for me . is easy to use and looks nice when settles on .
i love doing my own gel polish at home , saves me tons of money and this is the best color ! !
it's light and helps my skin to look great . i recommend it to everyone i know . i especially love it for overnight .
i am extremely satisfied with my rhinestones and my clients are excited to get their nails done with these stones ! ! !
works fine enough , but the smell is so offensive i could barely use it . smells like sulfur ( rotten eggs ) . ewww .
this brush is a good size for acrylic application . it also is light on the wrist & it cleans well . good product for a decent price .
although it smells nice it felt a little gritty to me . i didn't really notice a difference while using this product .
i use this nail nipper as a cuticle clipper . what an improvement over the one from the drugstore i had been using . definitely worth the money !
heats up quick , and produces good results , i am really happy with it . can't wait to use it on my trip
i want more colors to match my work uniforms ... pigment is really intense and easy to apply over a thin layer of hair gel mixed with a lil water
came intact and in good time , colors are good and pigmented , pretty good quality for the price and this is great for beginners
i have eczema all over my arms and its pretty severe . its texture is pretty sticky and it honestly kind of helped but i'm still dry .
all eo lavender products are amazing because there's nothing artificial or perfume-y about them . eo = essential oils and they make all the difference .
didn't realize it would be so strong . tried it once but didn't keep the box so i am stuck with it . wouldn't recommend to any one .
i love this shampoo , it works great on my damaged colored hair . and it is very profitable to order in such a large size .
i like a this concealer for my undereye and i like a flawless look and this does just the trick .
nail soakers are just good for when you have other things to do while waiting for the acrylic to come off .
i only used this product for a few weeks because it made me break out and i didn't really see any improvement in the oily-ness of my skin .
this is one of those things that every girl needs to have in their bag , especially during the summer . it keeps me hydrated all through the day .
it makes makeup go on smoother and does seem to tame lines a bit . i'm not crazy about the smell though . smells kind of toxic .
it's a nice casual and pretty colour . looks good during daytime and for school . a little more tint would be nice though
great smelling , concentrated and powerful dish soap with an addicting scent . you'll never go back to dawn , ajax or palmolive again !
high pigments , wide array of colours . stay on for several hours when used with an eye shadow primer . excellent price for good quality eye shadows
very soft , and it blends the blush nicely on my cheeks , i got the nyx peach blush with it as well .
i love it i been using this and the sleeveless for a couple months i love them dont mind spending the extra couple of bucks for this stuff
the first thickening shampoo that works on my fine hair . i have tried all the expensive brands , and this one is the best by far .
good product . fast shipping and the tools worked great . i used these tools to make polka dots on my nails and they made them perfectly .
thought this would be too dark but after trying it , it is a very pretty color . have enjoyed this shade .
i purchase this product is not for myself , and it's for my boyfriend because he hates to use too many bottles of hair products during the shower ,
this my second purchase love the purity of it . it is hard to get out but i work it out . have anyone tried on their scalp ?
a great color for spring . very feminine but not too girly . goes great with a lot of colors . safely packaged !
great . i always buy this brush even though it'd very expensive . i like to take good care of my hair .
rvcd and arrived on time a very nice lotion leaves my skin soft and looking good i have found all premier products to be well worth it
used every color all together to create a great ombré gradient on my nails . love using each color on its own as well .
they work great . their smooth and are great for practice . i would recommend this to anyone who is going to buy some .
these are not magnetized at all . i tried using it on my mac palette and didn't show any signs of magnet . returned it .
julep sells a better cuticle oil . this does not stay on or help hydrate the cuticle . kind of a waste .
the primer is one of the best i have use , it makes your make-up go on easier and it make your make-up look great
this stuff is awesome everyone in our family has used it and is very happy with the results . it really really works
great for nail art . look just like advertised . big to teeny tiny dot sizes . some are duplicates or so close you cant tell .
i love hempz products ... great for dry skin to soften and heal . also awesome to use after being in the sun .
no complaints . doesn't seem to irritate sensitive skin . does make a bit of the mess of the soap dish , like most other bar soaps .
if you're oily skin , don't worry this thing doesn't give me break out a lot but perfect and great color on me . i love it .
this mascara is great the vibration seems to help it go on better and makes my lashes longer , but it will clump . dont think i will buy again
this was the second order i brought because i loved it very much . it was worth it . an il probably buy more
after only the first treatment my skin feels tighter and smoother . the product has a very pleasant , light fragrance that reminds me of gum drops .
i got this yesterday ... love so cute and exct of what the site prescribe it ... love and i can wait to do my dsegn
my step daughter told me i needed one of these . she was right . it is a must have . blends everything really well .
good hair dryer , the attachments are hard to get on and off if you like to switch them a lot but for the price its not bad .
i've been using this mascara for years and nothing compares . it is just a very good mascara , super black and it enhances your eyelashes beautifully :)
great hand soap . love the eco packaging . good price for soap refill too . matches my burnt red painted kitchen too .
i love this color . it's classy and girly at the same time . it's a good price , too . can't beat that .
red russian is the best of the reds . this is very dark and vampy-like . for goths maybe . try it if you like very dark .
i am taking this product to thailand for friends . it is very popular in thailand and it is very expensive there .
great stuff - don't hesitate - great after washing hair for the super shine - not oily - just a nice shine . moroccan oil great for treated hair .
this is my second bottle of this product and it's hasn't done exactly what i thought it would to my damaged hair but it has improved a little .
great product - it really works ! it is a pure acetone - not like the other stuff i purchased in the past .
i use this a few times a week switching with infinite skin cleansers . this stings a bit more but works well and i will continue to buy
i like this top coat . is very shiny and resistant . i will buy it again once is finished . is also great on top of gel polish
its beautiful and really helpful . i wanna make sure my hair in the correct way . so i need it
diane von furstenberg wrecked her name here by brandishing it all over this fragrance . it is not worth the amount of money i paid .
this is it , when its gone its gone , there is no roller it is like a one week supply for the money it should last longer .
these are a nice solution for in between facials . they definitely clear up my nose a little , but not all the way .
i got he right color and can just use it when im in a hurry instead of doing the full process my make up routine .
love it . perfect for under brow or toning down dark colors . its super shimmery so if you want matte stay away from this one .
something strange about the smell it bugs me . feels good on my skin but i just can't get past the smell .
i bought this to go with some other different essential oils and it mixes well but the cassia isn't as good as the regular .
great quality for cost . they are thick - do not fall apart - and i've purchased this item multiple times and will continue to in the future .
nice amount oh tips ... but hard to see the number of each nail . but i like the product especially the price .
i love all the yardley products ; this smells very good if you like lavender ; i also use the body lotion and body wash to go with it .
these were a steal ! i cant believe how many brushes you get for the price and they are nice brushes !
i usually use the extreme snap from redken and use this one for a change . i prefer the redken , makes my hair softer .
this is a quality treatment system that really works . haven't had any complaints about it . natural remedies and ingredients work great !
im impressed with this soap , it leaves my skin refreshed , clean and smooth , it smells wonderful and nothing works as fast to repair damaged skin .
i thought these would be easier for soaking off my gels but i'm going to have to find how to pour the acetone in these without spilling .
caress has always been one of my favorite brands.this soap has a great fragrance to it and i really like it.the 6 pack lasts a long time.great product .
they nails are very flimsey . are not stiff and still like the ones you would see as a nail salon .
my friend and i permed her nieces hair and it came out very nice . had no problems and just followed the directions .
this color is very pretty and it lasts the only problem is it's a little to metallic for my taste even under eyeshadow .
received this today and it is wonderful so soft and lovely ! i would say , buy this is you also will enjoy it !
this is a very good hydrating clenaser and it works very good on my face , and this is odorless which is very good .
this product really helps with skin issues , especially during the summer months . it works really well for acne issues and keeps your skin in good shape .
awesome brush and how the heck do you beat this price ? really soft , but not too mushy . applies foundation beautifully . would absolutely recommend .
this is a great nail color for any occasion . it is a nice shimmer neutral that should look nice on any skin tone .
this is a great product i use it al the time works perfectly how it is suppose to . no creasing .
i bought this for cowashes . i wanted a cheap conditioner for this job . i am natural and it does the good . i love the smell too .
i am impressed at week 2.5 smoother supple skin with some fadeing of age spots ... hope for more by week 4 ! worth the price .
it's a light sunscreen which is good for everyday coverage.blends into skin easily . a drugstore bestbuythe package is good for preserving the active ingredients
it smells really nice and lasts only if i spray on clothing . it doesn't last on my skin chemistry for very long if sprayed on skin .
pretty color but not on me . i usually mix it with a nude lip gloss . it's too orange for me .
do not like . it did not remove the damage like the commercial said it would do . will not recommend . not a good product for me .
this product has a nice clean scent to it , and does a decent job cleaning . it is good as a take-along product to the gym .
i love the color . polish stays on , does not crack or peel . my manicure stays fresh for more than a week .
i love gelish products , because the appearance of my nails is always perfect , without the damage that acrylic nails can cause.harmony gelish soak off pink smoothies 01408
good product for a lite chemical peel , dont expect a big difference but is a good product . 50 % would have been a lil better choice
from the first time i used this i have loved it . my skin feels so nice soft and tight . would buy again
i first heard about this cause of ellen degeneres . she raves about it and i am also am loving it
i really like this eyeliner , it's very black and sexy . i love maybelline's gel liner ! it's so cheap and works great . definitely recommended by me !
benefit never fails me . i love this under eye concealer because it doesn't crease , and it is creamy . just right for someone with aging skin .
i bought this utem because of the reviews of eliminating flea bites which my 2 yr old son still seems to be getting fleas bites but not as many
i haven't had the chance to use these yet but i look very forward to using them . i cannot wait !
the crackle polish is easy and fun to apply and looks great . i have always been wanting a crackle nail polish and was very happy with this
the stamper works great but the scraper thing is metal and i hate it . a credit card works just as good though , if not better .
i will not use anything else as a makeup remover but this ! ! it's so gentle and leaves my face / eyes feeling refreshed !
i love this product ! i mainly use it , but once a week i use the low poo . they're a great combination
these are one of the best nail platesto own . love them . nice looking packagd well and super fun to use . will be buying more
these are cute but some are a little bigger than i thought , but some are usable on what i need but they are very cute
i uses this protein hair conditioner and it left my hair feeling strong . i a little goes a long way , i will purchase again .
i really don't think this is much better than using water . i don't think it was worth buying . i good rinse with water is just as good .
this is absolutly the best needle to do sew-in with , i do not stick myself or the client at all .. lol
these delicious smelling soaps are perfect for guests . they come packaged in an adorable box that would make them a great gift too .
i've used this product for years and i really like it . the price is reasonable , too and i do recommend it .
they are firm i hate it when they are soft and tend to start to peel off or crack , and a great deal
tiny bottle , works well . a couple of drops will do all of your wrinkle lines . i use this before i use my microneedle roller .
different colors to choose from . my daughter in law likes these eye liners and it will help her with her career as a makeup artist .
bigger than i expected , but these jewels are great for shining up your manicure , and are easy to apply with some top coat .
recommended by my dermatologist , seems to work great . used it on vacation and did not get sunburned . wrinkles seem to be going away
i havent try it yet bit i think this product is worth it hope i enjoy using this and well see
i love this color ! it looks like a mermaids tail . beautiful and sparkly . it goes on smoothly and stays on well
give a nice matte finish . i wanted it to put a matte design over normal polish for a textured look ... kinda works .
dries hair super fast . i love all the settings available to use . a really quality dryer for the value . glad i bought it .
i love this bronzer / blush combo ! it looks great on and very natural . goes on very easily and gives you a nice , subtle glow .
these look very natural when trimmed properly . the price makes these lashes irresistible . they come in a super cute box too : 3
i thought it was a shimmery translucent . well , no , not really . so this is not for high melanin skin . great for white women though .
everything came just as expected . the flat irons were a gift for my mom and she was impressed . i would definitely order from this company again .
the only thing missing from this set is a flat-top brush , but this is an excellent kit . the brushes are very soft and excellent for applying makeup !
silver vip status has larger " sparkles " that enhance any color as a top coat - larger than any other glitter cnd shellac before . love it !
even though it don't come with instruction you can just go on youtube to learn how to use it and it work fine .
they advertise loss of weight . never did it for me . these products arenot what they say they are . my suggestion move away from the table .
i did not like this product . it made my hair hard and brittle , did not do anything for my hair .
i've tried all brands of gel nail polish , and shellac's brand is the least destructive to the nail , lasts the longest and is the easiest to remove .
i use this moisturizer after my daily shower . winter flakey skin is a thing of the past for me . quick delivery .
every kind of brush you will ever need , the eye liner brush is unbelievable ! they are so soft ... there isn't any reason you won't love these !
i was disappointed after all of the good reviews i read . i just didn't find that this made any difference in my hair at all .
love these , use them for homemade facial cleansers , toners , air fresher , etc .
these work great for what i use them , the only complaint is that it's quite difficult to clean them . they get the job done though .
these wipes are great for refreshing oily skin . i have combination skin and these really help with my oily t-zone
our daughter got a kick out of these . her and her friends had a blast with these . they were great no problems at all with product
i purchased a similar eyeliner in a sharpening pencil and i wanted a retractable . i like the way this looks .
i love this perfume smells so good ! ! ! smelt it on a customer at work and have been loyal ever since ! must try !
i wish they did not have the half moon cut . at this price they are a good buy , not great .
this item is very cheap for me it didn't last long so i would not be buying this again at all
i think this is excellent though . as light weight as squalane ( not squalene ) and slightly smell good . also use it on hair
helped holding my hot rollers in place but wish they were a tad bigger . overall pleased with the purchase and good price .
smells fresh . not too strong which can make peoples sinuses act up . nice price for this perfume . i would buy again .
it a cute gold to put over another color , it is very light do you do need two coats maybe 3 , but good and last long ! !
exactly as described ! love the different sizes and the ease of applying to my nails . will be buying another set soon .
these work just as well as the expensive brushes and seem to last a bit longer . i love the cost effectiveness of these brushes over any other nonoems .
these are nice to add to nail routine , so nice to have a little something extra for partying ! real nice .
i love the way it make my skin feel and look . this is now a apart of my regular rountin . ordering more soon
didn't use this product because the color was not a match for me . can't comment on anything else about it
i order this stuff every 3 months . everyone in home uses this . its amazing for your face . will always continue to buy this product .
i haven't start using the product yet , but it arrived so fast so i think i'll rate it 5 stars . i'll modify my review after using it .
this is my favorite color for summer .. it look just like the pic and i will definitely be purchasing this color again .
as always opi doesn't dissapoint . excellent quality and packing arrived in top condition . brand new . the brush is the new one thick and softer .
last for atleast five to seven days . make any polish high end or low end almost gel , like . only top coat i will ever buy
this was a nicely made cap , with a pretty design , plus it covers the hair well , and lasts a long time .
very nice . i love it and it feels good on my body . who doesn't love good lotion ? ? ? . i recommend it .
i straightened my wig and it killed it , but this made it look so much better . it also worked for tangles . i would definitely recommend it .
i like many products of neutrogena , this sunscreen is sheer , and protect very well , i run with them and i'm very happy with the protection .
the designs stamp really well plate is backed with paper and covered with plastic film to prevent scratching in transit
its thick and creamy .. so far so good . i don't notice any great difference yet . but no bad differences . think it needs time ! ! !
i did not like the texture . no result with in 3 weeks of using this . made me oily . will not buy again .
they cut good seem to be really sharp not too bad on leaving a smooth edge . a length guide would be nice
thought it would be better--wore out fast . i would recommend spending a little more for a better and longer lasting brush .
excellent quality and fast ship.my husband loves it ! he loves how roomy it is and giw soft the leather is .
nice color , coats real well . a little to thin for stamping but great for other designs with silver . easy application and no mess
i bought for my mom and she asked me to order second one . she loves it on face , hands , body .
nice color , but a bit on the boring side . looks a bit dull . but the product stays on all day long .
if you're looking for something inexpensive to gift someone , this would be a great gift . who wouldn't like a makeup kit for a present ?
this product rates ' okay ' for me - i was hoping it would create a better look then it does , however , it's certainly acceptable .
i just bought this at walmart and i like it . i can tell i'll have to replace it every couple months though .
i love this face wash ! it has a great scent and is made up of organic , natural ingredients ! would recommend to anyone !
simple yet nice packaging . have been using these non stop since arrival . great for the price . i would reccommend this product .
very small . not enough for the money paid . one jar won't even fill all ten of my finger nails . very sad
love these things they are the best my skin stays so smooth can't go without them . one of rocs best products . i would recommend for sure .
great summer color . i saw it on someone and had to have it . did my toes and fingers both with it and got complements not the color .
this product caused injury to my nose please i beg you all don't use it it was such a nightmare !
great product ! i use it when i flat iron my hair . going to be ordering more soon ! very reasonably priced !
this is great as a body wash and hand soap . it smells great and makes skin really soft . will definitely purchase again .
love these brushes are pricey for me but will buy one or two at a time till i get them all ...
didn't do anything . i'll stick with my pantene gel . just made my hair heavy and limp . i like their other products though .
i love this bronzer . i use it all over my face since i have brown skin . it gives me the sunkissed glow . would definitely recommend this .
i am vvery glad for the variety of these brushes and i also love the fact they are not weak brushes great price great brushes worth the buy !
staple product , that is all i can say . keep buying it , so it must be a great product for my hair .
when i bought this , i had never used shany products before . i absolutely love this palette and the colors blend so well ! ! !
love this purple ! it's a little thin , but two or three coats should do the trick ! great seller !
i absolutely love this lotion ! makes skin smooth and soft without felling greasy . the lemon sugar smells lemony , with a hint of citronella.will definitely buy again .
not too big of a fan but for the money they were ok . i have had a couple of them just have the bristles come off .
i have had this drill for about two years , it does not have much power , you will not be able to do acrylic nails with this .
i like this take along brush set . having a kit , helps me to stay organized and keeps me from losing the brushes . love it !
nice samples . the colors are all all very red-dish but they are lovely , especially the liquid sand . i did not like the pink that much .
was what i expected from the product . love the colors . it was sent on or before time . great price also
my skin looks better after just a few days use , but the smell is so bad , i can only use this product at night .
this is my very favorite top coat in the world . i will never buy a different top coat . love it !
nice container , does what it says it will do , thanks amazon nice price ! this i understand is a favorite among movie set makeup artists !
its ok i really can't rave about this product i use it every once in a while sometimes it feels a little sticky
an all time favorite of mine . just a little goes a long way . i never get tired of the scent and it works for all occasions .
i have been searching for a great plum color and have found it ! ! ! two coats is great but 3 coats is even prettier !
i love this blush it looks and feels great on me . i will buy more of this soon . i wish there was more colors .
the brush is a bit big for my eye , but it did what it was suppose to . i would definitely buy this product again
they need some clipping & polishing , but with the right glue they stay on for about a week & look great . you can't beat the price .
if you re a elizabeth arden fan then you must purchase this scent . its very inexpensive and it leaves you smelling fantastic .
so far so good , they were as described and seem to do the job well , appear pretty sturdy to me
this blush was very wet and did not work well with my skin tone . i would not recommend this at all .
i recently got many ance . after i use this product , my face generated more oil , which made my ance even serious .
very good , not too oily and smell good .. i love this cleansing cream for cleanse at night . i will definitevely recommend to friends .
this is my fifth fragrance from ph and i think it is my favorite .. long lasting fresh sexy ... value for money
i thought this color would be a bit warmer and as my skin has peachy tones it clashes . i would recommend this for people with very fair skin .
this is a great conditioner with a very bad pump on the bottle that stops pumping when there is still a lot of product left in the bottle .
this gets too hot and does not even curl . i do not like it . guess ill be using my old one .
love the plates . great image quality and stamp fab . they have some great images on these plates . highly recommend getting these plates . you wont be disapointed
after reading a review how good this and gentle this rose water was , i used it and love it and my husband too .
it definitely toned down the brassines in my hair . i put it on wet hair and sat under my hair steamer for 5 minutes and voila , perfect !
this lotion is good stuff it really moisturizes and it smells good .. what more can u ask for
fun party lashes but i don't plan on buying them again . i don't love all the colors and they are a little too wild for me
i have good skin however i did see an improvement after using this for a couple of weeks . love it and would recommend to others to try :)
this color is great . it is just what it says it is a high sparkle chrome . it has good coverage ... not transparent .
makeas me feel like jelly when i get out of the tub . i generally use this fir my aching back . love the aroma as well .
i love this product . its a bright yellow , goes on nice and smooth . didn't chip or anything . only need one or two coats .
i think i got it the next day , . and perfectly wrapped ... and what a beautiful color for either feet or hands .
this just stinks . i got no compliments wearing it . it's too sweet and a foul funny primary scent . i wouldn't even use it as air freshened .
love this little sponge . really good for concealers and covering up blemishes . leaves a flawless finish and i am very happy with the results .
this is great for the price . even though it says kids it works just as good as the expensive stuff .
makes my hair feel healthy but leaves no greasy residue and does not contain alcohol . also the smell is clean and fresh.price is very reasonable for quality of product
i dont use it much because i rather use lipsticks like the tube ones but this is nicely pigmented so i def recommend
i go to an aveda salon and was exposed to this tonic there . just a few pumps and i noticed a difference !
i purchased this based on another users review . love it . works amazingly well with gelish polish ( that's all i use it for ) . fantastic !
i'm impressed ! the condition of my skin is improving . i'm going to continue using it and see how much my shin improves over time .
love it ! makes my collection look super organized and pretty ! i would recommend this product to everyone especially if you have a nail polish fetish .
i love this product , but one of the little containers was open so it spilt everywhere :( but other than that it was great !
this set works well , my daughter likes it she can now do her own hair instead of asking me to do it ever morning .
i havent used it yet . make be in the future . felt like powder . good stuff for nail decoration . very pretty
i put this cream under my eyes every morning ! it smoothes out my wrinkles and my puffiness is gone . i love the smell also !
the product contains very little content . expensive . cannot tell it did anything for my skin . switched to a different brand .
ive now go a tool for anything and everything that i would want to do to my face . love it .
the color is hot and vibrant with a touch of pearl look . definitely one of my favourites . color in the picture reflects pretty close the true color .
this is like the fifth bottle i buy .. and i really like it , it smells amazing and its 100 % original
works great for less important stuff like manicure gradients where you can keep fixing stuff , but i wouldn't use it for facial makeup .
i used it for over 8 weeks never missing a day . it also made my eyes burn at times . i am now using latisse .
one use and my skins looks better . i will not do without it anymore . very little burning , very little redness on my face .
this mascara is the best i've ever used , it makes your lashes longer , bolder and outstanding ! i just love it !
this product is best used on feet-totally helps with odor and sweat . plus its all natural-no harmful chemicals or metals .
i've been using this product for years ! it covers the grey well and leaves my hair very soft and shiney .
love bare minerals . i will never use another brand of mineral make up again ! it does a wonderful job ! awesome !
perfect summer color ! china glaze seriously never ceases to amaze me ! same great quality , awesome vibrant color-it's made me so spoiled about nail polish !
i have reordered this product because i do very well with it . it provides good moisturization and does not cause breakouts.better than some higher priced products .
these are wonderful for nail art , card making any craft really . for the box and 1/10 th the number of gems beauty stores charge 15.00 !
wife uses it daily since christmas and works great she loves it . the company appears to make wonderful products for skin
this mascara is amazing , makes your lashes so long and with a lot of volume .. i got another one for backup because i cant live without it
i like the small size of this set for traveling and it works well too . probably this works best for medium length hair .
it smells pretty good does a good job with fading so i'll be ordering more i'm almost out and it last a long time to ..
olay regenerist daily regenerationg serum works great on my skin . i have been using this product for over 2 years and i would recommend it . thank you .
i use this and have found it has given me great results with the other l'oreal products that i use for my skin care .
i absolutely love this fragrance on my wife . problem is it doesn't last , otherwise this would be a 5 star handsdown .
bought two 6 packs of this and it smells great . i like the price as well , just hate that it's an add on item .
get this ladies ; especially if you are a diy queen on a budget . this is the only line i own - never disappointed with the outcome !
i like this eyeliner it is very rich the only thing i do not like about it is that it seems a little greasy on my make up brush
it does add some volume not enough to make me very satisfied . fair price not a bad product a natural product so that is a plus .
it makes my face look natural with light coverage ( use with concealer ) it hypoallergenic which i love and doesn't feel oily .. boots are really good products
love this product . it just perfect to stuff into your bag or luggage . just love that i can bring this on my vacation or day trips .
this is a pretty barrette with a strong clasp . it could be used in a lot of different ways . i'm adding it to my gift giving stash .
very good , good price , beautiful , it came in a very pretty case , and they work perfectly like professional expensive ones
these definitely make the dots perfect on your nails without a doubt ! easy to work with and the selection of size is perfect .
replaced from the serum that was taken off the market and i don't really care for this stuff . can't believe matrix would replace it with this stuff .
i love this because it is so easy to use , great for my hand size and very strong and durable .
this made my face feel soooo good . my skin feels smooth . i have used it every day since i received it . i really love it .
a great set of brushes with 4 different tips for a variety of uses and eco friendly , definitely can't beat these . very high quality .
it is reasonably priced , but i did not noticed any significant difference . i preferred the paul mitchell system much better .
this pencil goes on very smoothly and stays on . my eyes tend to tear alot and this does not smudge at all . a great find !
delivery was fast and i do like the brushes , cute and inexpensive set of brushes ! i like the size of them so they are easy to travel with
this is an excellent product , taking a bath is made more enjoyable with this product and i would recommend this to any friend or family member . thank you
this stuff broke my face out . maybe my skin is too sensitive or something , but this stuff didn't work at all for me .
this one is great for travelling without a doubt.sometimes it feels too light when i try to blowdry my hair but i oouldn't really complain .
as did my daughter . it prevented burns in the hot florida sun . definitely worth the money and using rather than the competition !
these are so cheap , yet really well made , they can work for nail art or even makeup application . can't go wrong .
not the best i expected them to be softer and more absorbent but it's okayish i guess , id buy a different sponge if it were offered .
great product and great service ! i have purchased this product previously and love the lasting color . was delighted to see it at such a good price !
i have tried several different wipes for my face , and normally i am sensative to these prodcuts and break out , but this one i did not .
i tried this on my daughters nails and it worked out very well . i used the standard nail glue and it stayed on pretty well .
i purchased this brush because it is gentle and it really is gentle.best back brush i have tried .
i'mall about multi-tasking in the shower & this preoduct helps get rid of the dry flaky skin on my legs in the winter ... it's a keeper !
i love all the colors in this makeup kit . it's fun experimenting with different shade to get a different look .
not what i expected . the picture is really deceiving . expected more because the picture actually looks like more . you get what you pay for
not good for a purse - way too big and bulky - maybe ok for traveling but not practical for everyday use
amazing color , true coral , i love this lipgloss that i bought 2 or more . it so perfect for a light coral lip ...
great color . full coverage 2 layers , applied great . there is a little shimmer on bottle that does not show up on hand at all
i love oil of olay products . i use it nightly and will continue to buy olay products . been using olay products for years
they leave my hair looking professionally done . while the curl doesn't last--for some reason , it leaves my hair looking softer ...
i always get compliments when i wear this ! nice to have it back in my rotation ! thank you very much !
loved it i just wish it was water proof . it doesn't really last all day but i like the color
i love both the moroccanoil light and the regular formula . they calm and soften my thick coarse , wavy hair without making it look greasy .
it cuts very well just be careful because you have to cut it in a position to get your ideal look
great product . refreshing smell . my wife love it on me . switching from irish spring moisture blast to this product . will buy again .
after months of use , i can say it works and it doesn't hurt . and it comes in a nice case that holds the alcohol between uses .
protects well and leaves no greasy feeling on the skin . doesn't irritate my eyes like most sun screens do . will definitely purchase again .
whether wet or dry , this brush is great for detanglling hair painlessly . i use it instead of conditioner many times , after a shower .
this purifying mask really does reduce the look and size of pores . skin look more even toned and beautiful ! ! love this stuff .
perfect gift for my daughter who loves doing her nails so she doesn't have to spend a fortune at the salon .
a large selection at a great price . the brushes are nice and have all sizes you might need for different makeup applications .
i am so happy with this ! alot for my money's worth and i won't run out of jewels for a long time !
i love this set . i think it's great and get your money's worth . one of the better deals for the necessary top and base coats
bare escentuals mineral veil stands above anything i've ever used for my combination skin . it really takes the shine out of my t-zone and lasts all day .
i bought it for my husband who was always complaining about not having a good cream without fragrance and when he got this one , he was happy with !
does the job , different sizes on tips make for an easy application . looks a bit lighter blue than what it seems in the picture .
i found this very hard to get off . the color is beautiful . long wearing . the only down side is trying to get it off
great product ! doesn't usually ever smear ! it comes just as seen in the pictures and is very easy to take off .
works great and very pigmented . love it . i'm a make up artist and the way it contours and highlights my clients faces is amazing
love the pigmented color ... very nice . i put on a few coats and have been wearing it for 3 weeks . it will not chip !
bought it for my niece . she liked it and it was pretty . i recommend it . not like the other hair band i bought .
lemon freshness i used this in oil burners and in my homemade soy candles and this worked very well smells real lemons
i love the formula , color and the size . it is definitely a better deal than any of the shellac colors .
beautiful barbie pink color . 3 coats needed to achieve true color . compliments any skin color . no shimmer , just opaque crème pink .
great colors . buy a top coat lasting wear if you want it to last more than a day . very bold
goes on smooth and relieves sunburn pain . i try to avoid sunburns but when mistakes happen , it's nice to have this around .
works well between washes.spray at scalp where oil collects and rub hand through . style as usual . still use thermal protectant if you are flat ironing
very creamy , foams well , nice smell . i order this with subscribe and save , and it's a good value . highly recommended .
this nail stamper and polish scraper work amazingly , iv'e had this for a while and it hasen't broken or anything it's worth buying
dissappointed . my face did not feel really cleansed after using this product . the scrubber helped a little , but only where i used it
i love this product but it cost so much for so little . i think it works great on dry skin and really helps my face look nice .
i have very long lashes and this just didn't work for me . i keep it as a back up only .
this brand of argan oil works really well . it smells good and keeps my hair soft and looking healthy . good buy .
perfect bling for the christmas or st patty's day bling . i love the glitter . the product came as expected but took a while to ship .
and the color is great ! i also purchased it in plum & chocolate . it sure beats a pencil liner & perfectly defines your lips !
wonderfully understated color . classy and easy to dress up or down . applies smoothly and doesn't chip . i love this color !
again , you will not be disappointed . this product can sit on the shelves with mac , fashion fair , etc . i promise you .
it is cooling and refreshes my face after a wash . my pores seem significantly smaller . will be purchasing this product again .
first off 38 $ for this .. omg i swear its like nothing in the little thingy n i tought it was cream not powder >:( ugh
i have all of sam ( pixiwoo from youtube ) brushes and love them they are soft and had no problem with shedding . great brushes for the price !
as always opi delivers an absolutely gorgeous color . i've had several people ask me what i'm wearing . one of my all time faves .
being a redhead with hazel eyes really helps bring out the blue in my eyes . i also use it as lip liner .
a little thick . works nicely with a gloss over the top . nice nude . not pink or peach , just medium tan .
beautiful bright colors . easy enough to work with . pleased and ready to use on my nails . only wish they came in larger sizes
i don't find it a great conditioner but it's wonderful to put on under your mascara - - very good in that regard
the real deal ! this is not a fake as some other reviews may have stated . it is perfect and my favorite brush for my clarisonic mia .
havent get this , .. take for ever for the order ? i cant wait to see it . and i hope i like it
bought as gift for my cousin - - who thrives on it . she has lovely silky straight hair that lies too flat .
love these so much that i will be ordering the larger size and will be ordering extras for my friends .
works great ! ever get that irritated patch around your eyes ? this was the only thing that got rid of my dry flaky irritated patches . overnight !
this is by far my favorite product ! ! it smoothes my face out , and corrects my tone . my favorite product i have ever bought ! !
yes ladies , this is the best top coat ever ! it is very thick and it dries very , very fast ! i highly recommend !
they are scuncis ! exactly what you would expect it to be . i gave this as a a gift . she likes them .
if you want a glowing face , this is it ! i have tried a lot of products , but i am happiest with this one .
unlike the picture , it is very bright yellow ( cheap jewelry color ) gold . hard and broke while trying to put it on
i thought the faint coffee smell was soothing ... but it didn't do anything to my dark eye circles . don't waste your money !
tinkle hair cutterbasically helped ' hide ' the mistakes of the haircut i gave my 2yr old ... after about 6 uses , blade was dull & it was garbage
the price has risen 2x since i bought it as subscribe and save.well packaged and the anti bacterial is essential vs using any other type
the heads work well , but i wish i could get a little stiffer bristle . seems to do exactly what olay says it will do .
this product exceeded my expectations . colors show up really nice and for the price im very pleased . it can definitely be compared to more expensive brands .
this product work perfect take off the gel polish but the trueis if you use foil and cotton or some pad work ok too
just the thing i needed . i'm so glad i bought these . they make shaping my eyebrows much easier . i recommend these .
i knew it before ! the smell is citric ! perfect for the summer.and is good for men and women to wear it
this scent smells great and lasts a good little while . my man loves it and so do i . i think you will enjoy it also
this product a very handy product . it can be used anywhere in the house and works excellently as promoted . iuse it daily .
this product make my skin feel clean , soft and smooth . doesn't make my skin feel tight or anything a great product . thanks olay
this stuff is awesome . smells like a more mature , adult version of abercrombie & fitch's fierce . can't go wrong here .
i absolutely love their lipsticks ! ! i have purchased numerous colors ! reasonably priced ! very good bargain . i think there are colors for everyone's taste .
the replenishing mist pomegrante has proven to be very effective on my hair . my hair is getting a new luster , since i have started using this mist .
i love , love shiny nails and this does the trick . gets thick quickly otherwise i would have given it 5 stars .
i've used this for years and will for many more to come ! it keeps my hair strong , moist , and managable .
the dotting tools are nice for detailing you nails it just takes some practice not to have blobs or smears
there is so many different designs and all of them is so cute ! i think it'll look great on anyone's nails .
it smells nasty and it just burns the skin and sinus not good for soap or candles . i won't be buying this again .
it's a little soft for what i like in a foundation brush , but it does the job . it is easy to clean which is nice too .
i love this stuff . so much so that i've started stockpiling my favorite colors in case they stop making them .
these products have really made a difference in my hair . since using them my hair is stronger , thicker and it's growing .
great brush and good structure to the brush , however i found that the product was oddly orange when on my skin . could not wear .
i have tried other brands of minoxidil over the heard and this brand has worked well for me . i will keep buying .
this is the best conditioner . i love its smell and how soft it makes my hair . it leaves my hair feeling great .
color looked orange , smelled funny , but worst part was it stung and irritated my sensitive skin . i would not purchase if you have sensitive skin .
very disappointing , it makes my hair greasy and gross . i do not recommend it , but i do like curls rock , try that instead .
the color liquid is extremely watery ... spills over all over the place . needs very thin and multiple layers to look nice
this body wash gets the job done i really can't say much more then other reviews have already said i would buy again .
ordered this for my daughter , she really likes it , says blends very well and even , that it works really great !
i love the scent ; i bought it for use as a facial toner , but it's strong enough to use as a perfume splash .
i like the way it works overnight . my skin is looking real good . i will continue using this to hopefully see better results .
the designs on this are great and we've used them multiple times . thank you for this great product . highly recommend .
really nice eyeliner for the money . i use it on my waterline and lid . it lasts longer on my lid than water line .
i started to use black soap thinking that it would help clear up my scars from child hood but nope it didn't work nothing does ..
this is a nice smooth-flowing cream which leaves my skin feeling cool and refreshed . it does have a kind of medicinal fragrance which is a bit off-putting .
will be buying more of these when i run out ! they come in all different sizes . really do love ! :)
bought three jars of this stuff . one for each grandchild and for dry hands . what a nice product . very happy . would definitely buy again .
does what aveeno does , cleans without drying or irritating skin and is fragrance free as well . recommend this product for sensitive skin .
wonderful product . i was wearing my hair natural before deciding to thermal recondition . i could not live without this product . but good luck finding it now !
always have this one after a clay mask session . helps to retain and to add moisture.about to order another one . good mask for the price
this product is wonderful for hot oil treatments . it also makes drying your hair easy and efficient . overall it's a good product
it's a pearly white . pretty , covers beautifully , two coats only , and the gelcolor is zapped in 30 seconds , so love that .
great lotion , use it every morning . will be buying more and with a coupon and s & s its way cheaper than walmart !
another great scent by axe . this works great , it didn ’ t leave skin dry , no issues with sensitivity . go axe yourself !
feels great on your face , but was making me break out . not recommended if you have sensitive skin , but otherwise i loved the product .
i love this conditioner . it is very light and clean smelling . it does not weigh down my hair and gives my hair body .
not heavy at ll ... makes skin soft and keeps on my makeup all day ! great product wish only that bottle was bigger for price .
great contour powder ! perfect color ! quality product ! i would say the best contour powder out there . this brand is pricy but worth it .
i absolutely love this masque ! i have really oily skin and the masque keeps my pores clean and my skin looks much better .
great product ! noticed a huge difference in my nails especially in less than 3 weeks ! seems very promising . will defiantly reorder again
these were a gift to my daughter for christmas . she is having so much fun making different designs on her nails !
now that mine has arrived ill do lots of designs with it thank you very much . just perfect great colors .
i really hate that i ordered this product . looks great but the next day it cracks and just looks horrible . i wont be buying this product anymore .
all bows arrived in the case shown above and the amount in the description is the amount of bows that arrived . very happy with this product .
love it , it's a different smell from want i usually wear , but i like it
this is a popular item for my friends in thailand . the seller had a great price on parfum and good selection
this product was great , it is exactly the product i was looking for for the price i was looking for ...
could not get them to work well for me so i gave them away the person i gave them to love them
love it but i can't use it , my hair is too thin :( it just doesn't look right on me .
i expected it to be more pinkish but it turned out a bit orangey . other than that it's a great buy .
i bought the orange concealer for dark circles under my eyes ... didn't like the consistency kinda cakey and didn't give much coverage ... thought it a waste of money
i own so many potions for curly hair . this was new to me and i do really like it ! ! definitely my new favorite !
i thought i bought the corrector - but my mistake - i do use it occassionally not on a regular basis like the correcot which i love .
this works very well with my makeup . works so well i bought a set for my mother .
thank-you sodial for not letting me down . it was what i had ordered , and as advertised exactly what i needed .
mascara products for close to 40 years and absolutely love their mascara . normally i've purchased big lash but this is my all time favorite now !
love the color and lasts me for weeks ! if you like shimmery then this is the nail polish for you !
makes wonder is my forehead acne . i try this , my forehead laugh at it , no response week one .
this is a facial scub and mask in one . i do like it , smells good and will burn a bit if you have any open skin areas .
i am an adult with sensitive skin and this is the only " sensitive " sunscreen that has worked for me . i love it !
opi is always my favorite brand when it comes to nail polish . it's worth the extra few dollars . i love this color :)
i used the entire bottle as directed and never saw improvement . it works just as good as any over the counter cheap brank
this is a handy little cup to have when doing gel nails . it makes cleaning the brushes i got much easier and doesnt create a mess .
its not greasy but moisturizing . smells ok not the best but it works.love all essie products . would recommend to anyone with thick cuticles
this stayed on all day without fading . i love the tip to this pen , it makes it easy to make perfect lines .
this is terrible . doesn't transfer just a mess . almost too watery for stamping . why would konad make a nail polish for stamping that is so wet ?
this adds moisture to your hair in an amazing way . it feels like you must have bought it at the salon .
i did not experience any benefits and seems to dry the skin a lot .
i have not used these brushes yet , i have not found the time , but i'm so excited to see what i can do now with my nails .
i don't know if it holds up since i've only used it once . i would have preferred a variety of sizes .
this are perfect on but when i wear my sun glasses it get smashed and it doesn't do well . i just can't wear them with sunglasses .
i love the smell it last all day and i wish it wasnt so pricy but i love it . thanks
a lot of gemstones for hours of fun nail designing . it is well worth the price for as many gemstones as you get .
they are really small & so i couldn't use them for sewing but they will come in handy for other things
these plates were far better than other stamping plates that i have used.they arrived sooner than expected , iwill be ordering again from cheeky .
the keys brand is really great for sensitive skin . it's pricey but worth it .
man this thing hurts . i want to love it , but i must have sensitive skin or something . it feels like it scractches me all the time .
i am a lady that uses this everyday.it makes me feel so confident.you ' d never know i had a wide part .
i've bought this from a mk worker and miss placed it , so i bought this one , cheaper price same product .
this is a wonderful brush . i have to give spornette kudo's for an awesome product . i'm a cosmetologist and my clients love it .
used other face wipes but by far love these . leaves face not only clean but feeling softer and not dried out .
great for undereye concealer . very soft and dense . fits perfectly under the eyes and doesn't make concealer look cakes no matter how much concealer you use .
i'd rather make my own vitamin c serum than wasting money on this . feels like diluted lime water . doesnt make my skin smooth or fairer .
it's almost unavailable to make your hairs stay in place with this stuff ! ! waste of money ! i do not recommend it to anyone .
my face gets very dark after two uses ! no harsh smell , very gentle , and really works ! plus anti aging benefits !
it is good for when you need to use those hard rollers for the different look that you need , it feels like the ones at the salon .
this is great for this times i can't get a manicure . it helps me keep my nails looking great and healthy . would not use anything else .
a little thick and leaves a white residue , but stays on and covers well . i like that it is organic and has fewer harsh chemicals . '
it was much cheaper than the other brand and seems just as good . it arrived just in time for my manicure .
i really couldn't get these colors to work on my complexion . i'm pretty fair and to me didn't show up too good .
theyre cheap and theyre good , i recommend if you wear them every now and then not good for everyday use
these are all the same shape and size . very , very small rhinestones . the color selection is good but i'm not sure i would order these again
yes , this is what i wanted but i was expecting them to catch the light or have a lot of sparkle . i just wasn't that impressed .
makes my hair soft and silky but kind of greasy at the same time . i only apply to the bottom ends of my hair .
these brushes are fluffy and soft . i haven't noticed any shedding whatsoever . a lot of makeup brushes irritate my skin , but not these !
some brushes were super soft , and some were too stiff to use correctly . chemical smell of the brush roll goes away after a couple days of exposure .
love it ! ! ! will order more when i get the money ! ! !
i like the quality of this product and i'm having fun expirimenting with all the colors . might go for one of the other color palettes soon
took forever to come - a month . it is a bit strange really but - you can practice on it or use it for a display .
this works ok , it is a little hard to get smoothly through your hair and sometimes keeps your hair a little white .
good design and it is very high quality . i followed the instruction to wash it and it still looks the same . i expect this to last long
i bought this for my wife , she loves this fragrance , so she is very pleased using this product . very good .
i have really thin eyebrows and this make them so much fully and pretty i love this product i will buy again
i love its bubbles ~ it is very soft and comfortable . but there is a problem with the bottle . the cleaner always comes out automatically .
it takes time for this to work . i will have to update this later . i have high hopes for it .
love this product . it does all that it is supposed to do: - )
the brushes are nice and i really like the carrying case . the smaller brushes hold up better than the big ones .
just put a little eye primer down and this stays all day . lovely color almost gray but with a bronze shimmer over top .
if you are starting to bald in the lash area this helps a lot , just don't stress it and get it !
this colour is sooooo flattering , huge amount of product that's creamy and pigmented . a must have for anyone not just those on a budget
this is some good deodorant . it goes on really smooth , smells good , lasts a long time ... i don't know what else you would want .
clarisonic is one of the best beauty brands i have found so far . i would recommend this product to any women .
helps my makeup stay on . nicely priced compared to urban decay . i would buy it over ud because it's functional without breaking the bank .
i wish someone would send me instructions on use . i just cannot figure out it will be good to have for grand kids .
beautiful and works great . these brushes are nice and soft . they look great and are well organized . would be a great gift .
it was ok didn't really do much doesn't work with the tip of the item . won't buy this again a waste of money
this day cream is thick just like the more expensive creams . i use l'oreal's other dark spot correcting products and like to use products in the same line .
these are cute , they are tiny but really cute , unfortunately they burned my eyes so i gave it to my daughter she liked it
i love using this and it helps to keep my face free of dirty pores . just what i was looking for when i purchased these .
this is like snake oil i would not recommend this to anyone and i am pretty sure it is does not work at all
i haven't really noticed anything diffrent other than my hair gets a greasy texture , it states i'll help damaged hair not yet !
works great and has not given me any problems . very cheap and worth it if you consistently use pencils for your eyes , brows , etc .
i need to try this some more before coming up with a better review other then it doesn't hurt and doesn't hinder extension .
i love sigma brushes ! so high end but for a considerably low price ! must have ! great shader brush for your every day kit !
i like this lotion ... it's not greasy and does a good job of moisturizing my skin . it's a huge bottle so it should last a while . :)
it works good on my red dyed hair . it makes it soft and bouncy and it feels less dry and i live in a dry place .
this is my favorite color lipstick - it adds a little color , but its not overwhelming . i highly recommend this color .
its wonderful and just like the much more expensive wen product that is advertised on television . i use it regularly and amazon has a great price .
love these brushes .. they are so soft and blend really well .. i'm happy with my purchase and recommended them to my sister in law .
great price but smaller than what i expected but its cool . i can use these and will order again in the future .
it is a nice size and a well made brush ! i love it . very wonderful . great price as well . would buy again .
my wife live it , however the color is not the spected , i mean it not looks like in the picture is littler more dark but no much
glycerine is sticky . mixed with water and essential oils and i love it . it doesn't make my hair feel oily .
very nice color , very shimmery . it's a light tan / gold that goes on smooth and lasts . four stars because it is a very thin paint .
i love the color and the shine this polish offers.it is easily mutated wit the magnet and no problem with other company's magnets
quality product with fast shipment to cut my hair .. i am not a professional and these worked well after watching a video on utube
lscasselthe magnification is great for these old eyes to pluck eyebrows , you can hold it in your hand ... great
sleek professional looking trolley . rolls along with handle for easy transportation . drawers lock and has enough room to stow all products .
i have clients at the salon with eczema , and dry scalp - this shampoo is relieving to them.also in-valuable for clients who have had keratin treatments .
i just love this lip pencil . this color is very flattering as well . i just wished it stayed on longer .
it is new to me . that is nice . i will try it someday . i hope it is work for it .. have nice a day .
i choose this rating because the product was just what i wanted and expected . i love the product , and would recommend it to my friends .
i use it for the back bottom of my hair and it works well . it is simple to use and handy .
~ a great deal and super fast shipping . it's amazing how fast it heats up . and it gets very hot on high .
this basecoat goes on easily and dries fast . it protects my nails and keeps the nails from drying out . recommend .
i love , love , love this case . it is sturdy and opens easily . oh yeas , the stones . they are good too lol .
wow this is so awesome , what a great idea to put makeup a little suit case ! plus all of shanys make up is great !
beautiful brushes , great bag-sturdy brushes , not too much sheddingi love the case too ! i recommend this set for sure . a + + +
love this color . and all colors i've gotten from china glaze . they make very good quality products . i'm very happy .
takes very little to attach the lashes . let them sit for a few seconds before applying them to your eyelids and they seem to work best .
this wig is very pretty . not pictured but still very nice . i like the stitches on it . very good ! only problem is the length .
i was looking for an olive green and this was really close , maybe a slight bit off of what i had pictured but still a beautiful color
i love this makeup and will never buy anything else ever ! it goes on so smooth and light . great color .
i used to apply my concealer with my finger before i fount this brush . sets the concealer great with no streaks !
its a great value but i wasnt thrilled with the ease of use . wish it came with better detailed instructions and better decription of how to use .
use it as an overnight treatment , wash it out in the morning and i have smooth shiny hair love it ! !
i love how it makes any of your polishes into a matte polish ... a great look that you can really play aroubd with !
the stamper & scraper does a real good job , i just had to learn how to use it the right way .
the first wax rhinestone picker pencil was broken but they sent me a new one the very next day . awesome ! ! !
my first vasani and i'm not disappointed ! the color is true magenta-wine , like the texture and leaves a nice stain.love this !
love this cream . have tried others that are more expensive and have more recommendations but this one surpasses all of those .
i love these sponges and forgot i had purchased them , for they came 4 months after i made the purchase . glad they were worth the wait
nice colors my daughter is crazy about the nail polish . i bought a lot with different colors . lots of fun ! !
i bought this with hopes to improve my roseacea as acne , but i haven't really seen any change in my skin tone or quality at all .
these cotton rounds have a softer side and a more textured sides , both are great . i use the rounds to remove nail polish and apply toner .
great for short hair , does not get static electricity , was was a little higher price then i wanted to pay but was worth it .
overall , good hair dryer that runs hotter than others we have had . no negatives ! + s3 heat levels 2 speeds-snoneoverall , would recommend .
much like the green nail lacquer , i didn't plan on purchasing this one either , however i'm game .
this is such a pretty neutral shade of lipstick . couldn't find it in my store and was thrilled amazon had it !
she loves it and also if you use with the rinse it is a repellent for fleas for our dogs so we get both for the price of one ,
loved the color first time tryin nyx butter lip stick color is nice in fun size . i have never used any lip stick wit butter
i have used this for several weeks and find that i have gotten the same results from less expensive brands .
does not leave a chemical smell or feel . leaves hairs separated . a bit crispy , might require cream or oil thereafter .
very fast shipping ! this brush works great for lower lashes line . i love all of my sigma brushes , very well made and do great jobs .
it's a perfect summer shade . reminds me of pool every time i look at my nails . lasts a long time like all essie nail polishes .
i just had to order this one because these kind of remind me of those samoan tattoos for some reason . love the details in every image .
i use the silky rose blush almost everyday . i seem to always come back to this brand of blush but mostly the silky rose color .
i love pantene ... especially the smell . this works okay however , i tried paul mitchell and it was better ... good price though .
a nice mild hold that smells great . it's not stiff but can be rubbed out if you tend to run your hands through your hair .
i've used this product about three times now , and i have not seen any difference in the feel or moisture of my hair .
love all things ' olay " ... this cream is especially good on my neck and décolleté area , but a great night cream , full face as well .
i bought this pair of shears to trim split ends . they are very sharp , easy to handle and compact . good value .
i love that this particular brush head is very soothing on my sensitive skin . my skin always feels so clean and smooth after using !
love it smell great and is soft for you hair , the hair will look shiny and soft and is easy to wash off .
really does work in 30 seconds.the only product i know that actually works well enough for me not to need to cut the cuticles away
really like these they are nice and heavy not cheaply made at all .. love them and glad that i bought them
my eyelids swelled and my eyelashes fell out . it is not for everyone . sent it back to amazon for refund .
this isn't hcg . it didn't really work . the weight i lost was through diet and exercise . i did not lose a pound a day .
this is the best full coverage foundation for scars , acne , any really hard to conceal skin flaws . this is magic in a bottle .
my daughter has dry patchy skin and this is really helping seal some moisture in . a little product goes a long way . great product .
this product is excellent and stays all day ! ! i buy it because i saw videos in youtube like missglamorazzi , she used and i love it
i used this moisturizer after tanning each day before a vacation . the moisturizer smelled good and kept my skin soft . it definitely prolonged my tan .
this is a great cover , non shiny power however if you use to much you will look fake or pancakey . i love this
for many years and really like it , it's soft , " kind " to skin , and very soapy :) if you know what i mean .
nothing unique about it , but it definitely works . it's solid and the rubber handle helps with holding it . good product overall !
great size , all of my makeup fit perfectly . people get so jealous and what to know where i got it freom !
i realize this is not a salon quality product , but i don't think this works at all - not even a little bit .
this product would definitely be used for a summer sheer use or for a bronze use , ok wish it was more dramatic like all mac products are .
i will always order my hair coloring products from this company . fast , and in stock as well as great prices . just fantastic ! !
if you are a masochist , look no further . it feels like pulling barbed wire through your scalp.did absolutely nothing to eliminate dandruff or stimulate hair growth .
not for me i guess . i love murad eye cream but was dissapointed with this product . oh well , i had to try it .
this was a gift for my daughter who loves it and will be buying more of this product . no complaints
they do as they say and theres a whole lot in one package . super cheap too ! love them ! :d :d
i love beauty blenders . they make my foundation look flawless and allow for great coverage with little effort and amount of makeup .
i've used it only a couple times , i like it . it gets the job done . had no problems with packaging or delivery , it arrived fast :)
i had heard good things about this primer , but mine arrived in a box that looked beat up , and the product inside was dried up and rubbery .
i like them . it was actually more than i thought was going to be in there.its great you should get them .
wont be buying again waste of money just drys your skin out and does nothing to firm anything i see zero change
lasts longer than most such foundations , and it's easy to put it on without making it cakey . no shine , no odor . covers well .
when doing all the steps for a home manicure , this is a great base coat . i liked it and would recommendit to anyone looking for good quality .
this shade is a dope spring and summer shade . it is reminiscent of the tiffany shade . just a great fabulous flat creamy color .
it is what i expected , small samples and not a full bottle . great for quick touch ups in between nail appointments
this stuff worked great . after the very first use i noticed the strength and moisture it added to my hair .
another high quality product that i bought to add to my homeade hair grease . my hair has been growing rapidly .
wonderful polish . great for any time of the year . can use alone or with other color polishes . will buy more .
i have longer hair so i use this to separate my curls when i want thick sexy hair . plus it smells great and doesn't make my hair feel heavy
nice hyaluronic acid moisturizer . gel consistency . dispenses in a pump . light weight . applies easy and leaves face soft and smooth .
its " just " ok . the headband piece is way to large . i would not recommend this unless you have a unusually large head .
i use the no poo cleanser first and follow up with this conditioner . i love how my hair smells and feels afterwards .
i love this product . it is all it says it is . feels wonderful on skin and makeup goes on very smooth .
these were pretty fast to get to me and will be very helpful for the summer when i want that fresh manicure look !
love the lip stain and have ordered several colors . it stays on longer than others and is comfortable and not sticky .
love my olay cleansing system . i think i will be using it for a very long time so i stock up on the brush head .
the color is a whole lot lighter than i thought it would be . it reminds me more of a coral color . boo !
it arrived with the makeup crumbling away . as i lifted it out of the package 2 more colors broke in half ( horizontally ) .
i was very satisfied with these emery boards . from toe nails to fingernails , i have no complaints whatsoever .
i've just started using this product . the brushes are very soft and pleasant to us . i am really exited about this purchase
excellent feel , smooth on skin , non greasy . light scent not overpowering , ok close to eye area . love it
works really well on real nails as well as acrylic . not bad for the price either . good product and i would recommend
i have been using this over 5 years . this is my all time favorite and wouldn't try others . just good product for money . love it .
for the price , you just can't go wrong ! they work and are easy to use . just wonder how long they will stay sharp enough ...
half of the product is in there.it ' s just not worth it , don't do it , you're better off buying the jumpo product !
goes on easy and great for a smoky look when you smuge into the upper eye area ; a great product !
smells like fish , but does the job wonderfully . the smell goes away once it's dry and it worked really well !
a really great selection of colors and designs . some rolls have multiple colors on them . these lines work great with cell phone cases and nails .
if your hair is really damaged , the white or gold versions work much better as they are stronger and more concentrated with ingredients .
since i bought this wig , i've been wearing it almost everyday . i love it and will be purchasing another one .
estos clips son muy resistentes , usualmente los uso cuando seco mi cabello con la secadora , me ahorra mucho tiempo en las mananas .
i use this in the mornings . my skin looks healthier . vitamin c is great for the skin . i love it . would buy again .
been using nioxin for over 25 years . love it and it does grow hair ! my husband and my son use .
it looks really great on her , it kind of gives her lips the look of " come on and kiss me " .
awesome product for an awesome price . this clamp holds the mannequin head in place , and makes wig making so much easier .
very pretty new 2013 fall and winter collection this color is purplish just like the picture shows only used two coats and a top coat looks pretty on
they're about 5 sizes instead of 10 . however , they are sturdy and works great ! just wish there was 10 different ones . most are smaller dots .
this was such a great green glitter . it has hints of glitter which make the green not too over powering . looks amazing during the holidays .
i bought these for my daughter and i was pleasantly surprised when i received them , they are darling ! great quality , thank you .
this is not something i could wear every day , but it is a nice , clean fragrance . shipping was fast and i would buy this again .
doesn't work at all . clip doesn't stay closed . it's too slippery to grip hair . it needs to have some grip or something to make it work
this product simply did not help my complexion at all . the smell is also rather unpleasant . would not recommend to anyone
this smells like spicy honey to me . it's interesting anyway . not what i was expecting . not very strong . light scent . i like it .
it does leave my hair softer , but it doesn't help with my frizzies at all . i use it more for conditioning .
i buy this soap all the time . it works great and its a great price . i highly recommend this soap .
amazing matte top coat . get the matte polish look on any polish color you already own . tried with black polish and looked amazing .
it is tight and it leaves marks on my forehead . i don't feel comfortable when it is on . i have a small head by the way
i was looking for a good royal blue and this color was it . excellent price and such a pretty color .
great product . i love it . the smell is just awesome . definitely re-ordering . it leaves my skin feeling wonderful , nice and soft .
can really see the difference when using this cream ... great healing properties for " boo boos " . would like larger size ! thanks
these bottles were super flimsy ! i will not be purchasing these bottles again and no i do no recommend them to anyone
i wanted the best spf i could get and this was it besides the 110 spf . it doesn't feel greasy or anything .
worth the money ! i ordered a few different colors , i like them that much . also note , the bow is moveable .
prefer the mad version better . the bristles are a little too loose / long for my preference . doesn't keep the powder as concentrated as i'd like .
don't see a difference . they have so many products that you don't know what works .
its body wash how do you mess that up smells good and was cheap item shipped quickly and was good quaility
it's a pretty strong glue . using it with my fake nails right now ! takes skill to get used to gluing nails with it though
it is and good product and i would recommend you using it with and good moisturizer for your skin type .
konad plate m26 prints clear and clean images , i would recommend konad plate m26 to anyone who like fingernail art or stamping .
i loveee this ! ! ! i put this on my ends and they immediately go from dry to silky . a little goes a long way
i love both of these products . the savings by buying a larger quantity is substantial . i would recommend this product and the vendor .
all kind of appreciations is here ! im just amaze how nice this palette is ... wonderful colors for day and night ! grab yours too ! ! !
it works just fine-there is nothing wrong with it-i should have added money to the 25.00 gift card i received and bought the cheapest clarisonic .
works great with shampoo . i use it every day and i swear it makes my gray hairs blends in and look browner .
it is okay .. but does not work for long period of time.can ' t really tell that it fills in the lines . okay
like it alot , does not make my face feel dry after usingand it is nice to have a pump
smells sooooo great ! it makes your hair soft and shiny and easy to manage ! love this !
love it ! i have been using it for years ! it's worthy the money . very soft smell and it can be used anytime of the day .
the wheel i received was broken and did not have 12 different colors . there were barely any caviar beads . i was very upset
its light not strong at all but it smell real good if you like strong perfume don't buy this because its not for u
i'm not sure how long i'll use this to see if it helps my damaged hair . it's heavily perfumed and not in a good way .
i really like this cream . it does minimize appearance of cellulite . it works well on thighs . have used product for several years
it's a great thing to use for make-up or even a small wig holder . i needed it for when i went to the hospital for a heart surgery.thanks again
i like the texture but i found it dry on my skin later reading paula choice's comments that actually it's irritating ? !
great product i love how it makes my skin feel silky and smooth i have very sensitive dry skin and this product works great
this is a very good product to help make pores less visible . it seems as i age i am getting pores that seem to appear overnight .
love this shampoo-it has no harsh chemicals , animal ingredients and it smells wonderful . it's nothing but good for your hair.the price is reasonable so i love it !
just a couple of drops will loosen up your expensive opi nail polish and prolong its shelf life . great find !
nothing special , nothing bad and nothing good . just typical shampoo . it's a little heavy , so it weighed my hair down .. but its not awful .
the quality is good ! the clip is as shown in the picture ! i suggest buying this item . good for the price !
it's a decent mascara , but doesn't seem to perform any better than any other drugstore type quality mascara . not as if you're purchasing a dior or lancome .
i used this after i washed my face every morning and every night but i did not see a difference in my face complexion or textuer .
the item i received was for a different curler with a black insert and black grips on the handle . it pinched my eyelid . would not recommend .
i had never seen such an item and i am new to acrylic nails . how useful ! ! i will recommend this product to others ! !
love this makeup remover . had never tried this brand before . i works great in just a few wipes . would buy again .
wish essie polishes were less money because they are the best ! this white will be opaque in two coats :)
i love this wig , in fact i purchased several because they look great , and i can make many styles with this wigs using the hot curlers .
i highly recommend this product ! ! ! obagi really helped cleared my face ... i think no other product out there could beat obagi .
i've always liked covergirl , and this is by far my favorite foundation . it goes on light and evenly . i will keep buying this ! !
my eyeshadow fades and i bought this to keep it on better . after using this , my eyeshadow stays on better .
the product did not work to well in my foster child's hair the scent was not so great and she had no success in managing her hair .
its always nice to have classic stones to sass up your nail art . the spinning wheel is easier to use too .
smells so fresh and clean ... not too over powering ... very natural geranium aroma ... use it for shower soap also : )
they come in a little ziplock bag , various colors . good size . mine came mainly in blue which is not my favorite .
blush is smooth and very pigmented ! i'm happy how i have 6 colors to pick from and i never get tired of them !
i always wanted too buy this perfume i am so happy that i bought this perfume it smell so nice .
it has all the brushes that i can use for different manicure designs . the dotting tools are cute and a bonus to this wonderful set !
amazing for hair i love it makes my hair look and feel amazing and helps manage my hair and keep it tame
love all the vibrant colors and all the variety , i could not wait to open and use them , very delighted , love trying new techniques
baby is pasty white after application , and i don't feel that this spreads as well as the coppertone clear one we have .
this is an organic mask and scrub together and highly recommended . great smell and great resultsfilled with antioxidants that are great for the skin .
does a great job and i especially like the built in timer . fits a whole hand quite comfortably and does the job .
product not suits for my skin type and the weather in south bay of san francisco bay area region i guess . and the texture is very thick
these bushes r really good for 3d art . i really like them a lot . the most thing i liked was the colors
bought this for my daughter . she said it helped a lot better than those drugstore type acne medications and didn't leave her skin all dried out .
purchased as a christmas gift for my sister . she went bananas ! ! ! nailed that gift !
i purchased theses brushes expecting to do artwork on my fingernails . the brushes are small but not small enough for my taste .
but its a little too " sweet " of a sent for me . i wish it didn't smell so sweet.other than that it works nice for me .
this mascara lengthens lashes , and stays on all day . i bought the non-waterproof version , but it rarely runs . great purchase .
the pads are plastic backed and are nice and thick . they work great for gently removing nail polish . you only need one pad to do all nails .
i wasnt sure if this would work , but it does . i dont use it often , but am glad i have it .
i purchased this comb as a gift , it is much smaller in the real life
i bought this , because of the reviews , i read . but my lashes look fake with this on . i wanted a more natural look .
i definitely see growth on my eyebrows after applying every night before bed for the past three months . nothing dramatic , but i definitely see a difference .
i am not a nail tech , but this tool works great for my at home use ! easily pushes back my cuticles and makes my nails look perfect .
color is beautiful - rich dark purple , goes on smoothy and has a nice shine . shade is perfect for any season but especialy now-going into fall
lve this oil especially when iam out in the garden as it repels bugs and smells great . i have dry skin and my skin jst drinks this in !
i got it to go with the flat iron . this stuff smells amazing and it leaves my hair super silky and straight ! ! great buy ! !
i bought this for my sister and i hope it will bring good results . it's coming through the mail so i'm just waiting to try it out .
it'll do when you have nothing else , its too thick and not what i expected . i had higher hope for this product .
absolutely beautiful for anytime of the season ... has kinda a coral look to it when its on your nails ... wow factor ladies
this was just what i was looking for ! it is almost impossible to find in stores in my area . must have color !
i have thin , super fine medium length hair this does a wonderful job in straightening and travels well ... would recommend to anyone
great to do nails and easy to use ! price is a real bargain ! don't miss out on this deal ! my niece loved them !
you have to be able to know to use these and i couldn't seem to understand and you tube didn't help me either .
great product shipped very quickly in individual bags , i was pleased with my orders , i also love the smell and quality
could barely smell it , and what was there faded within minutes . but the faint whiff i got was kind of nice .
gave to a friend for the holidays - she has very long hair and is a trainer . it works to keep her hair in a ponytail while working .
to be honest here , if you use their face moisturizer for around the eyes it works great . this eye cream does not do a thing !
this is way better than cutting up a sock . it forms well and holds without bobby pins ( unless you have heavy hair , of course ) .
this stuff is a must have and i use it with every manicure and pedicure i do . very good investment .
the brushes are so soft and they changed up the blush brush a bit . its slightly flatter and more feathered out . its fantastic .
love this my grandaughters hair is long and straight and i was able to fix her hair and it stayed curly for the longest time . never happened before :)
this body wash is pleasantly scented and left my skin moisturized and soft . it is one of the best i have ever used .
it works , and clears your zits but not fast enough for me . it also dries out your skin like crazy so i recommend using a moisturizer afterwards .
they weren't the right color . they came pink instead of purple , but other then that they work fine and didn't come broken
i go to water aerobics and the chlorine super drys your hair . this product saves the breakage . love it worth it !
this 6 oz . tube is only $ 2.49 at ulta ! ! glad i checked before buying four of them . hope this helps !
maybe not my favorite cologne i've ever smelled , but really great for the value !
i bought this plate only for the snowflakes and it's great ! snowflakes stamp amazingly well and you get a professional looking manicure with ease !
this product has good coverage , yet feels nice and light . good colors to choose from for any skin type and tone .
the colors are as photographed . love hip eyeshadows … i often use them as eyeliner … very good product for the price . like both matte and shimmer .
suck out puss nicely , but can sometimes tear the blemish when taken off .
is too hard for my taste but they look good in someone else eyes , thanksis ok is ok ok
it's not a dark brown but more of a chestnut color and if it's not put on in little strokes it looks almost purple .
it lasts for an hour or so and will rub off . it also stains your lips in a bad way . beautiful color though .
its great to have something to make flower and different design on my nails such as lines and to add bling to my nails
the concealer works exceptionally well with a sponge . they blend out so well and hold my translucent powder until night time !
i do my own nails and this is great when you want to " bling " . great colors and a large amount of stones .
this nail polish definitely glows in the dark ! it has nice packaging , and it's not overly garish in the bottle .
it's nice enough but too much like all the other mainstream scents . not my scent of choice but smells good enough .
bought this for my 11 year old step daughter who has thick hair . she loves it and it is beautiful
using this with oxy maximum daily face wash as recommended by another user . using this first , then oxy wash . husband likes .
worth the money , i have been using it for 6 months and i do not need to wear makeup to cover my dark circles .
all three girls in the house tried this and it was not a fave . it made our hair sticky almost , and the smell was not pleasant .
i really love this dotting pen set ! i am not good at making nail designs free hand , but these make it so easy !
i love this color , it's very deep and beautiful ! i would reccoment this to anyone wanting the gelish system . great addition to my collection
this scent is uplifting , at least to me . it has decent longevity , and is a bargain at this price . wish they had the edp .
i've been struggling with hair loss for a while and the only hair growth you'll get is in other places where you dont want it .
i just love this fragrance and it lasts a long time . the shipper did a great job of getting it here on time as well .
this was a good deal i use my dotting pens a lot for designs and putting the rhinestones . i love it .
really dislike this . kind of a dirty pearl color ... i need to find a color to use with it ... would definitely not buy again
i love it . this lotion makes my skin very smooth . i put it on in the morning and before bed . i would totally recommend .
this obviously was a gift for my husband and he loved it he love the smell of it and he uses it pretty much as an aftershave
as my title says , it smells really nice and can't beat the price so i'm really happy with my purchase and will recommend to others .
i like the fragrance and smoothness of the facial cleanser just fine for my sensitive skin .
very good product . cool and smooth to put on doesn't hurt didn't see a huge change to my appearance but didn't cause break outs either .
i have always loved this i only wish that the price was lower or that the bottle was larger because it is too expensive
i love it . the lines of expression around my mouth have improve , it woks . and only take 2 or 4 minutes a days .
this product seems to work really well . i often use it in lieu of shaving gel and it fels even better than when i use the gel .
this has to be used with a light touch . it made my fine hair look limp and oily . perhaps better on thick or coarse hair .
a wonderful product . ive seen fantastic results in just a few weeks . this is a terrific value for very little cash .
my baby loves the brush . no more crying when brushing her hair . i highly recommend this brush its the best purchase i've ever made
randomly decided , " hey , i want to crimp my hair ! let me try this iron . " i love it . totally worth the purchase .
gentle peel - i didnt peel much but it did revitalixe my skin and wasnt too harsh . love this line also
yes dont waste your money on this experiment .. i did n i regret .. its really funny product n dont change colour at all
complements the conditioner and the leave-in conditioner well . not harsh on the hair and cleans well .
the pencil is super creamy and blendable , and it makes an excellent base . putting jewel-toned shadows on black bases makes them pop like crazy !
this is a wonderful cuticle treatment . it works very quickly and better than any other product i have used . buy it , you won't be sorry !
i like to use this when it is only 5pm and i'm already getting tierd the stuff it gives off makes my eyes open .
item is fantastic when used alone or blended with another color ... got sooo many compliments .. love it and for the price you can't go wrong ...
my only problem with this awesome smelling non-greasy sun block is that it can make your skin look dull if your skin is olive or darker .
very sparkly / shimmery . one of my favorite blushes ! however the brush it came with really sucks ... it doesn't even pick up color .
i use this when i run out of my usual korean hair conditioner . it detangles and makes my hair shiny but i use a lot more of it .
it didnt really straighten my hair alot and it made my hair feel super damaged after applying it kinda like a rubber band .
so soft , cheap , no shedding - i'm about to order more ! amazing brushes , better than high-end and in a fraction of the price .
i love the smell . this is the first indoor tanning lotion that i really like the smell of after tanning
great brushes with a range of sizes . good for fine detail on images . these are good quality . you wont be disapointed . try these out .
this is a very nice soft color that's not too flashy and easy to apply also , it's not overly expensive .
this cellulite massager provides too gentle of a massage and i don't see really how this would help with cellulite
works great . i have compared it to other blacks like sally hanson or wet n wild and it has a crisper color to it .
my daughter and i are into , the whole nail art thing ... these are full of metallic color colors are as they appear
the band is way too thick and the look is far from natural . would not repurchase .
i purchase this all the time . i love it and would recommend this product to anyone . leaves your face feeling fresh and clean .
a good brush for use with nail care . a little large for some purposes , but just right for other things .
i have used this whole tube and see absolutely no difference . it was like i was using chap stick , only without the moisturizing effect .
it works good . i carry my make up items and some meds in this in my purse . no leak , strong vinyl . great purchase .
i've been using this cream for a few weeks and the only difference in my stretch marks are that they are darker not lighter .
this product is a must have for the nail design stencils . the applicator works really good on my nails ! im in love with the type of designing nails
great makeup i use this all the time and go back to it . color is good and am very happy with the purchase . thanks !
i love this product , make my hair so nice and soft like silk , my daughter loves it too . i will recommend this product .
it smell really good and lasts a long time . it's not drying and best of all it's all natural . yeay !
it is so red ! ! i love rich colors w / depth . if ur looking for that , u've stuck gold ! !
this cream seems to work well for me . no miracles but it does the trick of moisturizing without being too oily .
a very effective and yet , very gentle shampoo ! i love it in the winter , when hair and scalp is drier than usual !
never ever recieved this item ! im sure i would have loved the flowers but i never had the option to decide ...
this product is fabulous , as are most alba botanica products . it's gentle but effective . i will certainly be purchasing it again .
bought this for mom , so far she is really enjoying it . she has seen improvement in the texture of her skin within a few short days .
i like that 3 tools came in one pack and they each came in their owl little case to keep them clean when stored .
i got this for the lady who dose my nails , she really likes it . came on time looks good made well .
size is extremely small and hard to work with . but it was so cheap , i would consider it value for what was paid .
my go too lippe for dressin up or down or jus want a stand out look to have all eyes on you very pigmented sexy and matte ! !
this product is awesome . it works great . the service was quick and the price is right . i would reccommend it to anyone . thanks !
this perm is great . i like the way it makes my hair feel . it's soft and full of body and very manageable .
does not really do much for my baby fine hair . will not be re-ordering . seems to weigh my hair down .
i really don't have any complaints . it feels nice going on and appears to immediately " perfect " the skin at least a little bit .
this product is one of my best ones .. does my hair super natural look and i love it ... im happy .
this man truly understands what women want for their faces and i love all of his products so glad amazon carries it since i live in a small town .
it was a little big for short nails and hard to stay on but with the right glue and longer nails it was beautiful
been using this dispenser and have been quite pleased with it . it just drops the right amount of liquid soap .
i just dont like this stuff . maybe its too runny . it left my hair hard . i applied on dry hair .
the color nude rose is a lot nice , but the lipstick itself is great , lasts forever , but keeps lips mousterized . would buy again !
... good size for traveling ... will not explode in your luggage from aircraft pressurizing ... that can put a damper on your arrival ... enjoy ... be smooth ...
obsessed with this . i even retail it at my waxing shop for gentle post wax exfoliation .
i use the kabuki brush for mineral foundation . i use the eyeshadow brush for eyeshadow base.they work nicely , though i wish the kabuki brush was more firm !
they are nice brushes but mine fell apart after about a week of use ... nothing some superglue couldnt fix but shouldnt have to fix it that soon
this has long been a fav of mine since i first saw it in seventeen magazine . great at getting grease off your face !
wife loves it ! ! paris hilton has a great collection . it smells wonderful .. i was very happy with this buy , will be buying more ! !
i bought this for my grandson .. not sure if he loved the fragrance or the bottle lol ... he loved it
i use this after my home peels and it does as described and i am very satisfied with the product .
love this for many projects . not just for nails . good quality and will lasta very long time . easy to hold , no slipping from your fingers .
delicious scent smells soft and delicate fragance very romanticis prefect size for the price , come on time too
such an affordable price for a lovely little kit . love these colors for everyday looks and even for smoky night out looks . happily grateful . :-)
this is my second one . i bought me one and my niece feel in love with it . it makes packing easier !
this has helped in moisturizing hair and avoiding dry hair look . i would order this again to help improve hair appearance .
i love that this dry shampoo is translucent and does not leave a white residue behind . i love how my husband and i can use it .
it's hard and stickey and really doesn't give that great of a hold . i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone .
i love this eyebrow pencil . it is great and the tweezer that comes with it really is awesome and keeps ones brows polished looking .
love it ! maybelline is amazing and all its products i personally love ! use it with my contouring kit ! and it adds a glow to any makeup .
since i started using the tresemme hair care products , i have gotten lots of compliments on my hair . it is soft , manageable , and it shines .
my mother loves her compact ! ! ! now she has her bareminerals on the go , with a neat compact that fits superbly in her purse .
i have never had nail stripes , but they do seem to be nice , i will need more time to try them , so far they are okay .
i have owned one of these for 4 years . it straightens my fine hair in one sweep . it also makes my hair shiny .
an enigmatic color , to be sure--i cannot decide what the base color is--black , brown or burgundy . lots of dark red sparkles make it so pretty .
this color ruby indulgence is a very pretty fall , winter color . it appears as a deep red . i am wearing it right now .
this is a great product ! i love gel polish ! ! ! this is a great color to add some sparkle to any base color !
came right on time ! great price ! i've been using laser focus for years , and i get complements on my skin all the time !
this is the best brush i have ever owned . wet or dry hair use and it doesn't pull my hair out . love it so much
i'm glad i got this pallette this is one of my favorites i'm so glad i got it love the blushes nice brown blush love it
this works well when i'm blowing my hair dry straight . it smells citrus-y and yummy . it's a clear gel , not too sticky .
i love this product . exfoliates , smoothes out blotchy patches . this is almost as good as getting a glycolic peel at a dermatologists office .
i seriously love this brush . it is soft and a quality item . it is exactly what i needed and i would def purchase this brand again !
very soft and great application ; i use all of them and they are very good . i have washed them once and no shedding so far . good value
is wonderful face wash , smell nice , clear deep . very affordable . be smart , don't waster your time . put it in your shopping car
i love it for my daughter hair , when i wash her hair with the shampoo her hair comes out so soft
it is complete and the brushes are wonderful ! saved a ton of money buy it all in this one wonderfully packaged deal !
this is a great face wash . if i use it consistently day and evening it keeps my face clear . i would recommend this product
definitely helps make your tan last . i layer this underneath the sun self tanner lotion ( i use ultra dark instant tint ) .
the blush is very big and lovely colors , how deep i don't know ... delievered on time and the product looks good .
this product stops all of the winter itchy skin . it is fantastic . there are no bubbles , but that is not a problem .
this is a very mature scent , but can be overwhelming and heavy , so you should use sparingly .
i like this conditioner because it's organic and healthy for my hair . it contains healthy oils in it as well as mayonnaise !
this is wonderful shea butter and so creamy . i will be buying more of this real soon and will continue to buy at this reasonable price .
i was told this is a very good product so i decided to try it . i do like dermalogica products very much .
i like the feel of this ! however , it is causing some redness around my eyes ! not sure what to think of this yet ..
nothing else i need to say about it . i am zoya fan and this one works well as other zoya nail polish i have .
still using it though . too early to tell the effect , but i guess its nice and natural , good price though
did nothing for my acne ... used it for 2 months , the pills are surger pills .. don't wast your money on this itemdo your homework first ...
love love love ! the plum color looks so good on . will try to get some more colors . i am satisfied with product .
i honestly wasn't expecting much when i purchased this product but it definitely held my lashes . for the price , i'm satisfied .
great product as all wen products i have used like no other shampoo you have used wont go back to regular shampoo
this really doesn't last . it smells wonderful , and i really wanted to like it . but just ... no ... it lasts a max of 2 hours .
i love this polish . it is such a pretty color and application is smooth and easy . i highly recommend this lovely polish !
this is really meant to be layered over black , not used alone . the best of all the chunky holos for sure .
love love love . has the same shades as the urban decay naked palette . goes on very smooth and is very pigmented .
i don't know if this product was old but when it arrived it was dry , clumpy and gross . terrible . do not purchase .
i looked at prices on these everywhere and this is the best bargain i found . you get so many shapes and colors !
beautiful little gems . perfect for anyone wanting to do nails . these are tiny tiny gems but big in beauty . cute
we buy and use this all the time . wonderful . i have my mother and sister in-law using it . great for feet , elbows and hands .
feels amazing on my skin . just perfect ! i would highly recommend ! i think it's a great product with super fast shipping and makes my skin glow .
no complaints here ! i say buy this one . its a great hairdryer . and i go thru them . so good product ! !
looks good . pads fit well . just seems to be more trouble than worth it . not that easy to get out .
this product is not the right texture you would think and the color shade is darker then shown . i sent this back and got a refund .
good product smooth and no scent ! good price and does soften skin . i ordered three times good product ovall
this shading brush is just right for the perfect amount of eye shadow , it's soft but firm , and just the right size . i love it .
anais anais smell's really good . my girlfriend and her mother love the smell of this cacharel product . highly recomended it .
i use them every day . there is not much to say about them except they are very useful and i like them .
what a well put together kit . very colorful set . easy to handle and lots of great uses with the wide varity of the set .
bought this polish for my daughter for christmas and she loves the color . opi really does have gorgeous rich colors . highly recommend .
it has very nice shine , it plumps my lips and makes them very smooth and soft . the color gives my lips a very natural and sexy look .
this product has everything your face needs on a daily basis it cleanses has a toner moisterizer its just amazing
besides the color being a little bit dark in my skin tone , i just loved the coverage and the lasting . truly recommend ! ! !
amazing light tint and perfect coveragenever oilywill always usea cheaper drug store product cannot compare to it . they are orange and oily.plus this spf is better
just what i wanted and expected . will last a while , too . works great . feels great after using . you will like it .
it wasn't as bright as i thought it would be . i was hoping it would be like the picture . it's more like a pepto color
my wife is like it very much in two reasons : - it is perfectly suited to her - this is natural cosmeticsmade in germany quality
this is my new favorite powder . excellent coverage and perfect shade . i just wish it came with a regular powder pad instead of the brush .
they are thin and small but cute . worth the money since they are very inexpensive . also ordered several other shapes .
i really liked these , smooth application . i use them to make it look like i have lip color on all day.great buy for the price .
better than other lotions . worth the extra and last longer as you use less than the cheaper stuff.use s to save extra
i use them for craft projects and painting on scrap pages and note cards . the tips have all different sizes .
i don't like it but i will just use it for my hair roots and for eyeshadow for smoky eyes
a really nice product that leaves the hair and scalp clean and fresh feeling . the scent is light and not overpowering at all . highly recommended
i would order this product again . it does exactly as stated and i have sensitive skin , so do not be worried if that is a concern .
it holds all my plates and i can easily see them now . its an assume organizer and i can keep them organized .
this product is perfect after shaving , it leaves the skin very soft and hydrated all day long . i really enjoy it .
great color , very glamor . i love it . it is exactly like the picture . i really liked it , wear it the most possible .
la girl pro conceal is a great concealer . it is recommend by so many makeup artist . now i can see why .
its a really good production with nice smell . and i get it really soon.will come next time.very good
ok got this so late and when it arrived to my house it was so small it doesn't look like the one from the picture .
after using the product my hair was silky smooth ! ! excellent product with an amazing price . ships fast ! defintiely will be ordering again .
this age rewind powder is the best , it covers well without looking like i have tons of make up on .
it was small , it looked much bigger when i got it , i was not happy . but it worked for what i need it
so far no shredding and it is super soft . good little finishing powder brush at a great price . very happy !
this product is great for curly hair . use this with their conditioner and you will see how nice your curls will last all day long .
they are ok , if putting your hair in too thick of a hairdo , it will burst . but ok for small updos
but i still can't get a good point going . the best i've tried anyway ! i'll probably hang on to this one !
it's must to have product as an eye shadow base and you can not make a perfect eye look without perfect eye shadow base .
the colors in this pallette are so diverse and shiny and mettalic and lovely and lasts a long time . fab !
this is the best unheard of ever ! lasts a long time and very distinct has a sweet but mature smell got tons of compliments !
but super nice too . i love it , but not everyone does so i gave it a i like it . if you do get it , wear sparingly
my daughter uses this product when she uses her curling iron and it has done a fabulous job of protecting her long hair from damage .
this brush is great for liquid or presspowder its great i will be buying moreno brushes have came outnow i need the setgreat
i just love this shampoo . it adds just the perfect amount of zing to the colored hair and in combination with the color care conditioner it's even better .
i like that it does not have a scent ... i thought it was pricey but . a little goes a long way .
unfortunately these don't transfer color into my hair at all . i think these would work better in a chalk board .
this product was great . i loved the amount of leather i got with this product . it cleaned my hair very well . i will buy it again .
when i first order this brushes i really not imagine the they whore so nice quality , nice i recomend this productwith out getting pay for it just trustcool saler
i feel like i giving my face a benefiting workout . it's not expensive and it already feelss like it is working .
this conditioner works well and leaves hair managable , as well as infusing well into my hair during use , and rinsing completely .
anything by obagi is very nice . i am 59 and have young skin because i take care of it with products like these .
this stuff doesn't seem to do much of anything . based on the other positive reviews i can only assume that it works best on certain hair types .
i did not love it . there are better and less costly products available . so , pass this one up . from now on , i am .
i have tried a couple of dove body lotions and i notice they seem to leave a plastic film feeling , feel kind of synthetic .
if you like touch , you will love touch with love . very romantic scent i think . highly recommend . can't go wrong .
i ordered these thinking the rhinestones themselves would be larger . they are very small . upside is they come in a great container to keep them all .
i will buy again ! the container alone is worth the price of all . i dont worry if there are 50-100 missing .
smells great , a little bit lathers great , does not leave hair oily . my hair styles great afterwards . recommend using with conditioner and serum .
the scent is too strong for my taste . i used it sparingly and it still seems overpowering . have to try something else .
an amazing delicious creamy long lasting color xd it is kind of nude with light purple shade ? you will love it
this little train case is so nice for smaller jobs . you can fit your essentials in it--makeup and brushes . cute color .
always just bought something from the drugstore ... this totally eliminates any frizz , not sure how either .. i'm sold and have bought the larger size as well ...
i like the shade of this color but i was hoping for it to be a little bit brighter and opaque !
this is an excellent cream . i have eczema and it relieves the dryness very well . i use along with cerave .
i like this brush very much , i use it when applying liqued foundation and it is perfect and very very soft
i love this hair dryer and the price was right . i would use this company again .
this nautica smells really good , i bought two because y keep one . and the second best thing is the price . try one .
i will not order again . i have other products that work as well or better than this product . not impressed .
this was a gift that made my mom very happy , good variety of colors , good quality , so thank you very much
what can i say it's face powder , it gets the job done . no funky smell or caking . came as pictured and unharmed .
this is the best concealer i could get ever for my age . i'm in my 50s n think that this is the best so far regardless of the price
this is my favorite gelish polish so far , it's so cute . the polish arrived a lot faster then i expected .
i just love this product ! ! ! colors are beautiful ! ! ! i'm just starting out in the nail business and the price is great too !
i use this for my hair and body to give both a little extra vitamin c.helps the hair grow fast and strong.gives the body that natural glow it needs .
i am a repeat customer of bundle monster - they are awesome and transfer well and a lot more affordable the konad .
great for the shower as soap and shampoo . a little goes a long way and it eliminates the soap scum clean up .
they are strong tips , they are a little bit thicker than most , but it helps them to remain strong ! very good product .
purchased this to travel abroad . works great . the dual voltage makes it great for traveling anywhere . it is compact and light weight
these are really easy to apply ! i will have fun trying thses out all kinds of ways . easy way to spice up nails
stunning nail lacquer , it makes your nails look like black opals , you will get lots and lots of compliments on this
it removes some of the makeup off but the wipe feels too rough on my skin , almost like a cheap wipe and it doesn't remove mascara well enough .
it comes with all the colors in the pictures and there is a lot of all of the colors . this was so worth the money !
great product for shellac polish removal , they can easly be cleaned and reused as many times as needed . i recomand .
it does actually seem to be working which really did surprise me ! i would definitely recommend .
good product but you can easily see the line where you put them onits good and comfy , but just not good enough
feels kind of slickery gross but absorbs into hair very well . i've used this about 6 or 7 years and haven't been able to give it up !
this brush is perfect for applying blush ! the angle is perfect for the cheek bone area and it's good at blending as well !
i love it so much .. i keep buying it every time i need it ... it really helps with the hot iron . prevents and repair damage .
product does exactly what it says it will - you need this if you are going to do the shellac nails - highly recommend .
i've been eying this straightener for a while now and so glad i finally spent the money on it . love it !
blow dries and straightens the hair very fast.very affordable and best of all ... it works.blow drying effect lasts for at least a week .
i love this . i come to amazon for all the good deals and good prices . these are great , just like the ones used at the nail salon
i've been using this body wash on my upper arms for kp for the last few yrs & it definetly does work . would recommend for sure .
this is a nice product . it really does set your make up . i don't think it's worth a re-purchase though . just use primer .
actually , this product makes perfect your nails look . never seen a product was so good , so easy and beautiful results . i love .
i've been using this for months now and this was a reorder ... i did some damage to my hair and this helps make it feel healthy again
generally makeup brushes of quality can get fairly pricey , but i found this brush just as comparable as the more expensive brands .
i use l'oreal paris products on a daily basis . they are always consistent in quality of product . i love the products and prices .
i got these for my niece and she is gonna look good in em . she was very happy and i feel i got my moneys worth
this product made my skin irriated so i threw it away and used a no name face scrub . the no name face scrub worked better .
this is nice sized and it stamps fairly well . the designs are super different or unique but it is a good plate and the price is very reasonable
i love this little compact rollers , like others i wish it had more large rollers but i still love the product and it works great ! !
getting my holiday shopping done early this year these will be some nice gifts along with some nail polish time to shop for some
i have used this since it can out.have tried so many others n always come back to this one.shines the best.doesn ' t crack.dries fast .
love the color , and it does stay on a long time , but it stained my teeth . i'll look for something else .
just a few drops and my skin toned up , cleared up , and the texture became really smooth . i wish they sold larger sizes for body use .
nice brush and great quality . definitely will order more - just make sure it's from a real sigma seller . i used etailz .
don't waste your money . totally doesn't work . i was expecting something better but you get what you paid for . so ..
the shipping was on time . pack is good . the product is not so good it's not full coverage and not confortable for me
i love this gelish ! it is my favorite in gels ! stays on for at least 2 weeks . helps keep my nails growing and strong .
this pencil is great when contouring and shaping eyebrows and also great to use around the lips after applying lipstick .
i have really sensitive skin , so i was pleasantly surprised when this cleanser was gentle and also worked wonderfully .
the description says tiny and they do mean tiny . do not expect decent size designs . the product is great and i would definitely buy it again .
love it ! it is so much cheaper than the spa . it makes your skin very smooth and stops the irritations .
i've never seen a good quality product like this , better than mac and other brushes i used before , i'll purchase again
i love this hairspray and this size is great for travel . provides light and flexible hold that you can comb through .
i do not understand idea of those pens . i only like price . i will not recommend it . it has not good quality of material .
kerastase nutritive masquintense 6.8 oz hair thick mask . i bought this treatment and it leaves my hair very soft and untangle , i will repurchase it ,
i love this . smells so very good ( now im looking for a spray that smells like figs ! ) , and creates a nice lather .
i have a long-haired doggie that gets stuff stuck in her hair in between baths , and this is the best shampoo ever !
this is one of my favorite colors , it is a very cute pink very similar to the the picture shown .
the color is not like the picture , its very teen like color , too bright , too kidish , i dont like it at all
the idea is great , but i guess the sparkle makes it not crackle quite right , so i was a bit disappointed
this thing is cute and it works . doesn't seem to get gross from being in the shower . i don't know what else to say ?
omg after i tried the first one ... i ordered online 4 ! ! ! its absolutely great , covers up really good ! ! ! i love it !
i love this pearlized color of pink ! i am a big fan of opi because it lasts so long between doing the nails .
he loved it ! said it controlled any dandruff he had and left his hair feeling soft and natural . very nice shampoo / conditioner for me .
with this brush you don't need anything else to highlight every part of you face you want to ! ! the result its just amazing !
i am looking forward to trying this color . i think it will look great as a twist to my typical french manicures .
i think that this powder didnt come in the color it shows . i hope everyone enjoys it but , i did not .
does not leave hair oily , use shampoo and serum also , love all dove products , would recommend for any hair type
i thought that the stones were different size like on the models hand but they are not but the stones are really nice like the colors they are very pretty
faithfully ever week i condition or deep condition my hair with heat . this cap works like a charm . i love it !
great makeup box ! the size of it was bigger than i expected it to be which is a plus ! i love every product from this company !
this is really good for when you are suffering with a cold or allergies . it helps make you feel better and breathe better .
just a good product with a decent price . i like it , though i prefer the liquid base next time .
i use this on my hair and body . i also use a drop for my reen tea and lemon tea .
love - love - love this soap ... leaves my skin so soft especially during the winter when your skin is more dry .
i won't purchase this again it causes my skin to have irritation and breakouts . but it's a wonderful hand cream ;-)
makes your face look flawless . if you use the revlon primer , base and then this power you face looks like you just had a photo shoot !
this color has a slight transparent pink tint . it is clean looking ; it would be great with a french manicure !
i have fair skin and a lot of eye shadows are too dark to look anything but clownish but this eyeshadow is perfect !
this smell ahhhh delightful wonderful amazingbig in size arrived fasti'm just a happy costumer i love it ! n it was affordable price ! !
very silky smooth makes my makeup go one beautifully i love how long it holds my makeup for ecspecially in the heat down south . love love love it .
package was damaged , product leaking all over . bottle half empty . do not waste your time . read the other similar reviews .
i really love eminence products , but this exfoliant is the worst i've ever used . it does nothing for my skin and i think it causes new breakouts .
can i give more than 5 stars ? this oil is the perfect thing to finish styling your hair . smells great and hair becomes perfect .
the smell is nice and it's easy to apply , but your face looks shiny and feels oily afterwards . don't think i'll buy again .
this product did nothing for my dark circles and not much of a moisturizer either . used it for months . disappointed .
this body bar is wonderful . very refreshing leaves skin feeling clean and the whole bathroom smells great . worht the cost .
this toner feels very nice on your skin . i bought it because it was unscented , and as an added bonus it is also alcohol free .
the raw shea butter restorative line works really well on my hair . it leaves my hair feeling strong and soft !
my granddaughter loves the softness of the brushes and uses them daily . she was surprised when she received them , but love them .
light and luminous . good for every day wear . my skin is very sensitive and i found that this product does not clog pores . i like it .
i bought this on sale very happy that i bought it easy to use , and makes perfect curls even though i have thick hair ... very satisfied
very fast delivery . does what it's supposed to do for a great price . keeps my brushes clean and ready for next use .
love this lotion , with all good ingredients , for that summer shimmer ! i believe i got 2 , and gave one for gift !
i get nice dots with these tools . they are good for nail art when ever time with great color too
it works well and lasts for a while . it doesn't really have much of a sent , but i liked it .
my manicures held the same amount of time as they did with out this product not impressed may work for other people didn't work for me though
this makes my hair so soft and shiny ! i love the tiny gold reflective sparkles in it--like gold dust for my hair !
my skin is thanking me for getting this product is feels so much softer and smoother . recommend this to anyone looking for a softer smoother skin .
better for newbs than the experienced ! ! ! it smells amazing , i like it when i was stating back so it served its purpose
i cant stand cheap brushes that irritate my face . the brushes are super soft and no irritation since i've used them . pretty good set for the price
what can i say ... my wife has used this for years its her favorite scent . its a better value through amazon .
too pricy compared to its effect . i am disappointed . may work better for others than for me . will still try to use it after my laser .
all size are mixed up , but stil they are soooo amazing and totally enough ( half ) perls . thanjs for the good deal either
i have really bad allergies and hoped this would work . it did nothing . wish i could send it back for a refund
i do not understand the function of this water . for me it is just useless thing . i will not recommend it .
these wig caps are great for taming your real hair when wearing a wig . they fit well and are reusable .
these are ok . nothing special about them but for the price they do offer a pretty frame for your eyes .
i can't live without this ! ! ! i've been using this for a couple years and i don't know what i would do without it !
i love these things ; ordering more ; i love them and can't live without them and think they are awesome and work really well .
this stuff is amazing ! it smells so great ... warm and inviting , and wears well on the skin . it is long-lasting and not over-powering at all .
i love this product ! ! ! i have mature skin and this really adds a lot of moisture which helps a lot . it goes on very smoothly .
having spent years on hawaii , we really enjoyed this scent . the mango shampoo keeps our hair shiny and clean all day.thank you
i like this hydrating wash very much . leaves my skin soft and smooth . i would highly recommend it especially if you have sensitive skin .
i have paid more than this price for just one one the similar products . it is incredible . i love the product and the price .
it is stretchy , comfortable , and looks great . not at all fragile or sharp like it may appear . got lots of compliments
i use this often at night and i notice it makes my skin glow . it does not cause breakouts either .
it's ok , but liquid products work bettere and are easier on the skin around the eyes .
i use this product combined with a curl activator and my hair both is soft and holds styling . this product has a pleasant , mild scent . recommended !
it looks like doll hair once you get it so if you like doll hair you'll love this clip in bang
my mom loves this product . it gives a glow to your skin . it is a little greasy though . but it is a product worth having .
not very flattering on me which is not the lipstick's fault but it also does not last more than 30 mind on lips .
i love their other product which is their citre shine gel , makes hair shinier than this mist version . in my opinion .
can't go wrong with olay products . feels good on the skin , isn't greasy or sticky . should work excellent with other olay products .
have not tried yet but these are nice and big the size ... great value for the money . i would purchase agaun !
i have very sparse eyebrows and absolutely love this product . it allows you to draw in natural looking eyebrows , which will stay the entire day without smudging .
i could not believe that i was able to find such a super deal on this product . might have to wait a few days but worth the savings .
the gel is more like thick paint and very hard to maneuver . made for rough uneven lines . i never used it again and threw it away .
haven't washed my hair in 3 days and still going strong . smells normal like hairspray with a kick . good for covering up dirty hair stench .
this stuff is so highly fragranced that my allergies went through the roof with the eyes watering and dark circles . wish they made it in fragrance free .
use it everytime i shampoo . i tend to get red highlights which i hate and this works great !
tried this after the supermarket brands failed miserably . works good and doesn't gunk up while using it . happy with it .
this is a very cool blue nail polish from opi ! it's a really deep , sparkly blue & looks great on !
bought this at a beauty store and it burns your eyes and lids . it's hard and when it dries feels like plastic
i love it , it has so pleasant texture , not too heavy , not watery , almost doesn't have any smell . definitely , will buy again .
great stuff if you have acne ! i love thomas roth products ! ! it isn't over drying either but only if your skin in combination type if skin !
this is not a good product for me , while it may work from some others it left my hair feeling weighed downed .
goes on nicely , i would recommend using a topcoat over it . color doesn't fade but normal chipping happens with use
been using a steroid cream for years for eczema - not good , so i tried this and it worked ! just check with your doctor about it .
i noticed results as soon as day 4 ! im sooo happy withthis brand ! glad its cruelty free too !
i really like these because it helps to better smooth out your acrylic nails they really make filing easy to do :-)
very good product . hair is very well moisturizers and frizz controlled.thank you so much for product . i really liked it !
this was exactly as i expected ! my girls and i love the color and it came quickly ! very happy with this purchase .
product is amazing . i upgraded to the bigger bottle . this small bottle lasted me about a month , using a small amount every day .
received the polish today , it's a little darker than what's pictured , otherwise it's perfect ! i can't wait to get all the colors .
love this it last longer then regular eye liner i even use as shadow and its very pretty and last all day
love this product . my skin is clean but not dry . the product is lasts and lasts . it is part of my regular skin care routine now !
try it ! for me worked wonderfully . i love it . it's the best product that i have bought for my hair .
i love this product . it didn't leave my hands orange and slimy and it did really help to make me a bit tanner faster .
my favorite translucent high definition powder . this is one of those perfect inexpensive beauty finds that i'll use for years to come .
i ordered this , but have not used it yet . the " jewels ' are rather large , and i'm waiting for an occasion to use it .
i love this product because it has 100 canes it the package so i just added these to the ones i already had .
this product was recommended by a dermatologist as being the ' best ' lotion available otc . that is why i purchased this.it was shipped quickly .
i tried and tried , but i cannot get this to work right . i cannot recommend this in good faith . truly an awful experience .
i love thies lashes very easy and stik very well its like normal haire i well buy it again and the price is soo goood
gives me a lot of static but feels so good in my scalp ! gentle enough that it massages my scalp and still detangle my hair .
i bought this before at the store for the same price just didn't want to tale the trip so i bought it online but i love this item
i really loved this set . it took a while to get here but is really nice . i probably will order another for my daughter .
this is a great smelling body wash . my daughter loves it . got this for her as part of a gift .
i love this concealer , it is every bit as good as people said it was . it really does lighten up those areas you want to lighten up .
this is really great for beginners i would suggest to buy a better brush but it is very good kit .
ship was fast , product is ok , but product is not so good for work , little soft when i put it on finger .
good product . keep in mind that natural products take a little longer to work .
my daughter was thrilled to have her own hairspray and she loves the smell of this . works good without causing too many tangles . happy ! thanks !
love it , just wanted i needed . i will buy again , alot cheaper from buy in store . hope the buyer has more colors .
i bought this as a gift and my sister-in-law really liked it ! i was pleased with the product ! :) :)
it's the perfect finishing powder . not sparkly , not matte . i use it everyday ! great product . i will be purchasing again .
will order more have them in every room no more scratchy emery boards easy to use and easy to clean love these
this product is amazing it smells good and makes my pores look less visible and works as a primer . i recommend it .
love it ! smells great and has done wonders for my hair . i think this product works best when you let your hair air dry after use .
i have been using this as directed for weeks . i found it to be not better than much cheaper products of the type .
but it leaves my hair feeling very heavy and slippery . not that i was expecting any different , but the oil-licious hairspray was just so light in comparison .
i've purchased this in groceries stores and paid dearly for it and decided to try to buy it online . i am so grateful that i did .
it is better than botox . works better than stri vectin and cheaper , much more gentler on your skin . great stuff
love the shine and sparkle which is what i look for in my nail polish . i've had serverl comments on how pretty my nails are .
fell inlove with this perfume a few years ago . doesn't disappoint . beautiful non-overpowering scent . will appeal to young girls as well as 50 - somethings .
i've used it about five or six times so far , but i can't tell that it is adding anything to my routine .
love the cereve cleanser , but the moisturizer is not great . stick with olay or boots no 7 , or high end skinceuticals .
absorbs immediately , completely non-greasy after a couple seconds . very impressive ! and smells nice ! wish there was more inside the tube !
what's not to love about opi ? my husband is german so it's natural for me buy some of the german collection . i recommend buying this color .
this liquid eyeliner is terrific . it goes on smoothly and i absolutely love it ! im going to be buying this again !
most mineral makeups claim to be gentle on rosacea , but not mine . this brand is very gentle on my skin and gives me a nice finish .
it is as described . the colors are what my granddaughter wanted . i will order more and get different . colors plus different designs .
i like poshe top coat better than most others . it dries super fast < 2 minutes , and it is super shiny .
this has saved me from spilling . most bottles fit inside the holders . i use them every week when i change my polish .
had read some good reviews about it and decided to try . nothing spetacular , just normal . will not buy again . ,
this product work well and feels really good with the warmth on your face . i am pleased with the purchase .
i used this pallet everyday before school and this is perfect for everyday neutral looks or a neutral smokey eye
everytime i use this product my scalp feels alive . i would definitely recommend . i have to reorder . sorry it doesn't come in a bigger bottle .
i do a lot of nail art and for the price , they're good . i would buy these brushes again in the future .
not right for my skin ! ... i do not have a glow after several weeks and very disappointed in the way this product worked .
this item works great for all old people that need hair in your head , realy colors grey it is like life .
these brushes were amazing ! i really loved them ! they are the perfect size and they are just working great ! thanks
i love this because there is no bronzer so it won't stain your clothes . nice , soothing mild coconut smell . moisturing too .
really is a great product can not go wrong with this price either . the pen set is also super easy to clean .
the end o the liquid pen is not pointy . but rather shaped like a square ! it does not help much
it cosmetics is a very good company to deal with . i like the powder . it goes on the skin very easily .
dark brown is a cool dark ( no red ) and was perfect for me . happy with the results and the ease of use .
i broke out more . it made my skin worse.teaches me never to buy products endorsed by dr oz . it smelled funny too .
this is a very nice cream .. wonderful rich cream . the jar lasts a long time .. i sometimes mix it with my regular cream .
it comes with a cover to keep the brush firm . it is of high quality , professional handle , and keeps hair fluffy and soft .
i love this shampoo , it works great on my damaged colored hair . and it is not profitable to order in such a small size .
my husband loves this ! non greasy , great smell , and absorbs quickly ! best lotion he says he has ever used . highly recommend !
loved this color and it lasted forever . i just ordered it again about a year later . very blendable as advertised .
gently gets off that dead skin like its supposed to . also a fun product to make your friends try :-)
i bought this because my pit bull hates baths . it does the trick because my dog sits still when i apply this to her .
this is an excellent product which doesn't cause breakouts and is well tolerated by my sensitive skin . it makes your pore smaller and your skin smooth .
i use it twice for morning and evening , it's very useful products . the breakout disappear during two days which is a very good time .
great color ! so easy to do at home and have salon results . so save some money and try it for yourself !
love the colors … there r so many different shades … . fun powder to work with … clients love that there r so many choices .. must have
nothing better on a hot summer day , then a shower with peppermint soap . smells great , and leaves you feeling refreshed .
it does its job . there are probably cheaper alternatives , but it hasn't done me wrong . it's perfect after i buff the shine on my nails .
the texture is light and fluffy . it feels good on your skin but i don't like the smell . it's not bad i just don't like it .
maybe i am using it wrong but i keep trying to do it and it kept breaking the tip off . i will never order this one again .
the shany cosmetics female styrofoam head , 12 inches , 4 ounce is good for holding my wigs.it ' s good quality . i love using it .
this product leaves lots of texture in my hair . no build-up . i would recommended for hair that has some age on it .
i was hoping to buy large powder puff.this wasn't large as i thought , and doesn't have the texture i was hoping for .
great smell great price came fast . eould buy again . the ladies love it.would recommend and would buy again . stay up player ...
i haven't gotten these yet so not sure what to say about them . i look forward to seeing what they look like .
i was disappointed in this and didn't feel like it did anything for my hair.it makes a mess out of your tub on top of it .
very pretty comb and you can't beat the price ! looks great with up-do hair styles . the color is beautiful in person as well
this is awesome for the price , so easy to put on my eye lashes and simple , thank you so much
it's very cute and in expensive . does the job and more and i get them in different colors and great shapes !
i love the brushes . they will make making the designs easier . plus they come in a variety of styles and sizes .
the color is really elegant and royal ... red under light and dark purple indoor . it reminds me of the beautiful amber .
this was expensive and did absolutely nothing for my eyelashes . i did use it as directed and used it for over 30 days .
i love this lip gloss ! it is very light and shiny . the item arrived very fast . i will certanly order again with this company ! !
if you have allergies , this is not the product for you . i immediately became congested , sneezed and then could not breathe !
i love this product so much i would anyone to buy this , i really like it.they met my expectations and so much more , my friends like this product
i needed a smaller brush i guess because my bob is shorter , so this one is okay but maybe not for short hair .
too rough on my skin . feels like bathing with sandpaper no matter how lightly i scrub . threw them away and that's all i have to say ...
it contains phenoxyethano . look it up folks , it's extremely toxic . it has no parabens but it has that which is much worse !
you will not go wrong with this purchase . a little goes a long way . worth every penny . highly recommend this .
these are a great set of brushes ! i really love that all of shanys brushes are peta approved as well !
nice pigments a bit powdery , its not sugar pill , but for the price good little palette with decent color payoff
very good for doing designs on your nails . i would recommend these if you like doing designs on your nails .
great cleanser ! i use it everyday on my face to take off makeup . it has clear break outs i had .
no complaints ! ! ! essie is a great brand and the color is simply gorgeous ! ! ! highly reccommend this product if you like essie
waste of money if you ask me . i used my acetone nail polish remover to get it clean but all it did was get hard .
i like this because you can put your fingers in to soak your nails . its a good product glad i order them
this is great , i ordered one for me and one for my sister-in-law and we've both put it to good use
this seems to be great . cant think of any reason why you would not want to try this on your body !
great for a flawless application of liquid foundation . very impressed.all of these brushes are great for makeup users . i highly reccommend .
this smells really wonderful . i use this and add to my laundry detergent for additional fragrance . will order this again .
pretty pink , but pale . i mix it with my airborne unicorne color and get the perfect tint .
this is a good quality comb , great for brushing through wet or damp hair ( never want to use a regular bristle brush in wet hair ) .
cheap ! better than store prices . for the olay pro-x only . great quality . i actually wash this for extended use to remove the bacteria .
these make blending flawless ! as a makeup artist i need something that works without breaking the budget . i am very pleased with these !
yes , yes , yes , i was very happy because my mother love the color and the quality for this nail polish .
check the label for ingredients then check cucumbers , tomatoes etc , guess what ? all the ingredients in the different boxes are the same ! ! !
this was half the cost of what my dermatologist charged me . don't put it on too heavy or it might burn .
this is an ok wig but it is not the same as the picture . it is also short and very thin . stitching is good though .
pricey so i won't buy it again because regular concealer will do the same thing if you know how to apply it . but i do like it .
they feel pretty fake . i used them for halloween and gave the rest away . you get what u pay for .
have used this for years . helps to speed up exfoliation without irritating skin or making your face feel chapped or burned . would recommend and reasonably priced .
my husband always uses polo , and black is his favorite . will definately purchase again . i can count on amazon to give us a good price .
alba botanica pure lavender spf 45 absorbs relatively easily . the fragrance is nice and light as well . this is good stuff .
but they fall apart and you have to go through too many to consider them functional . i wouldn't recommend them .
i'm not too crazy about this mascara . i love maybelline but for some reason , waterproof mascara never sits well with me .
works great for blondes to get that extra blonde look in the summer . my sister and i have used it for years . love it !
i would definitely recommend this works well had no problems shipped and got here in time love the way it paints
just perfect , blends amazing , feels soooo soft . much better than the cheap knockoffs i bought . an essential to my everyday makeup routine .
good for medium to thick hair . if only i know where this one is . this is why i bought two more denmans .
yep . like it . not heavy . smells good . well - reminds me of rose-scented hair removal creams a little , but that's not a big issue .
all sigma brushes are great . i especially like this one for blending out the crease . it is soft and does what it says !
i like this polish . it applies smoothly , it removes easily . i'm not crazy about this color but i really can't complain about this product .
really pretty blue-lavender color . unfortunately , it chips quickly . make sure you use a quality top and base coat . it does look nice for spring .
fast shipping and again great product . i use this brush for everything ... everyday and it's amazing ... great price and great product :)
this is good product for your hair . i have baby locs and my hair just loves this stuff . :) will buy again .
color was true to the color shown . is simply a dusty rose or mauve . is nice for everyday . not too bright .
there are plenty of crystals for any project you have . the size is great for nails or small craft projects .
only problem is cleaning ... not all the make up gets out .. :( ... i still use it but i started to clean it after each use thats all
i was very happy with this product . it did start to fill in balding spots . i would purchase this product again .
i do not love the color and i do not hate it . i was hoping it would be a deeper hue . it will do in a pinch .
daughter loved these tools . purchased a lot of nail equipment for christmas and this was definitely a hit . she said they worked very well .
quality brush , i saw on you tube and decide to buy , you will not be disappointed by the quality of this brush ! ! !
this is chelating shampoo at its best . it really cleans and detoxifiies my hair . i use it 1-3 times per month .
this is thin enough to go on easy but i have notices it chips less than the other top coats i have used even with white polish . will re-purchase
i like that this remover has aloe in it , it helps keeps my skin and cuticles from drying out too much .
i think this is a pretty good palette for the money . some reviewers have reported it breaking them out but i haven't had that problem so far .
i use this once or twice a week on my frizzy but fine hair . it provides good nourishment without weighing down my hair .
it's ok . i didn't really notice anything terribly special about it . i can't stand the smell but that's personal preference . i wouldn't buy again .
unbelievable . it even comes in a set of three . if you love looking nice than you will love these polishes . i cant live without them .
this color is so pretty , it is a great neutral rosy pink color . coverage on this is great as well , very opaque !
very reminiscent of a watered down version of dior's poison . it smells good , but has no staying power . i was expected something much more original .
altough this works fine , it was an unnecessary expense.sprinkling the product of the area in question worksperfectly fine .
this little bun maker really helps making the bun easier and holding it in place comfortably and stays all day .
love these colors and this polish ! these colors are so bright and gorgeous ! can't wait to get more from china glaze !
have had this for 2 weeks . smells great and provides a nice layer of protection for really dry areas . try it .
easiest way to spot ? real too face smokey has light gray shadow in the bottom left ( third down large shadow ) , not black one .
i have fairly thick hair and needed something a little more sturdy . this is it . it glides through hair very easily . definitely recommend .
someone recommended this as a great 5th subscribe and save if needed , in order to get 15 % off . great idea !
i used it once and then it didn't work . its very upsetting . this was a waste of money , don't buy it .
i ended up liking the blush variety more than the original ! the white residue brushes out very easily , leaving clean , fluffy hair :)
worked well for my 2 long haired dogs . their hair requires alot of product , but it made their hair very clean and shiny looking after .
this is a very good after microdermabasion treaments , or chemical peels that i give myself very often . ongoing fight against melasma .
so inexpensive and exactly what i was looking for . these are very flexible and work perfectly with my daughters ' hair . i love them .
i bought this contour kit because of the color depth . i am not disappointed , it is a wonderful contour kit .
i am in love with my brushes ! ! ! they did come with a little funky smell but that's just because of the packaging it goes away ! !
pretty good lotion , not the best moisturizer because a bit thin and watery , i do like the coconut smell though
these polishes are great . i love the colors . one bottle was broken and leaking but i was able to patch it up . overall i am happy .
easy to apply . stays on for a long time with just a small drop of clear polish . really really pretty . love all the colors .
these brushes smelled like chemicals and dont make the best design i will never buy again
returned : the item appears much larger from the image provided and price , however it is about the size of a regular soap bar .
like all the johnson's products , the shampoo is the best for all . my grandsons still uses this and they are 10 and 12 .
always the best makeup .. goes on smoothly and i love the color ! always looking for more bare excentuals ! best color !
since i have started using this my skin looks amazing , i have acne prone skin and it does help . i would definitely recommend this to anyone .
its good but i ordered a wrong shade and it would be hard to return it . would probably give it out .
my wife purchased a while ago and has been really happy with the results - she has noticed a pretty big difference in her upper thighs !
i loved the color and used it to create a camouflage nail design but it looks pretty all alone . recommend
this product is small enough to take with you in your purse . i have one at work also and i love it .
cute color , only bad thing about this blush it's the stickiness , my usual blush brush doesn't work well with it , i wish it was pinker too ..
this arrived super quick . the sender covered it in a lot of bubble wrap securing it very well . i am very happy with this product .
thick and dark.messy , covers but shows pores.if buying , get a shade lighter than normal maybe that would help . cat in pa .
works great , takes practice , best done in shower ( leaves dust residue ) . great quality , better price than other brands . you will like it
just ok . nothing spectacular for me . i like the scent but it doesn't make my hair look any better than other shampoos .
works fine nice and softone two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen
it is as described ! its small but looks great ! ! ! the stones are very good and clip is rigid as well ! ! !
i use these to dip in my gel nails for a french tip look . they are very small in size but , the colors are nice and vibrant .
the color is a great color since it is a now color and definitely is liked by young and old .
this palette is just beautiful . the colors are bright and perfect ! i'm soo happy i got this . i'm getting one for my sister too .
this is the first time using a hyaluronic on my skin . it felt so amazing ! i will be using this in place of other products !
very colorful . i used it to go to work . i got a lot of compliments . my co worker said it's looks nice on my hair .
this is very very nice . i satisfied and i can use now for decorating my nails . thank u very very much . fast shipping
there was nothing wrong with this soap , it just didn't smell as good as , or feel as smooth as , other natural brands .
this brush allows me to apply my foundation flawlessly . i am in love with the texture of it as well
i love this eye shadow . maybelline has so many colors to choose from and their all so beautiful.the mocha mirage is a nice medium color looks great .
dries my skin a ton , but works well ! even with moisturizing twice daily ( with neutrogena ) and with the moisturizer that comes in the kit
i bought this from the this vendor and i don't think the product was the real thing . to top it off , they don't accept returns .
i use this before putting on liquid foundation and it makes the makeup apply much more evenly . and it's a great price as an add-on item .
good 4 house hold , but not for the skin.what u pay is what u get
you will need a blade , which can be found at hair stores like sally or weave places , but worth it . beautiful ! !
i loved the color , silky texture how it slides across your eyes , worth the money , will buy more in the future
thrilled with these lashes ! the lashes give a nice full look without being overly long and exaggerated . nice daytime look . will buy again .
great stamps with these nail plates . i can use regular polish to pick up color with these plates . they transfer well to the nail !
this bottle was much cheaper and bigger than the ones offered at the nail salon . i love this product ! i even use it on my feet !
i put this on my hair , then comb through ~ then scrunch - perfect for drip drying naturally curly hair .
use this under makeup all the time . such a hg product for me . so happy its available on here ! can't buy it near my location .
excellent product and easy to use . great for after being in the sun ! i would definitely recommend . good stuff and looks great on tan legs !
i love these firming pads ! i use them nightly and feel it has helped my skin to feel great . i would highly recommend dr denese to everyone !
this is the perfect machine for paraffin wax . it's easy to use and melts the wax in the timely manner as it's supposed to . i highly recommend .
this product was recommended to me by my hairstylist sister and i like it a lot ! it's great for my type of hair and does everything as advertised .
i have not found a probiotic that works as well as this one and you cannot beat the price from this seller !
my granddaughter has very curly blonde hair that can be difficult to comb through when wet or dry . this detangler does the job , with no tears attached .
love the taste of this juice . just trying different types so the jury is still out . i add it to my teas , juices and sodas .
if you love doing nail art then you will love this product to make designs with if you are creative enough
huge amount of stones with a large variety of colors and shapes . compliments every time i use them in a nailart design
through the years i have bought and thrown away more eyelash curlers than i care to count . hands down these are the best i have ever used !
product was as expected , good quality . i would recommend . a little goes a long way . i could not find this in the store anywhere .
great value for the product . i bought this wig for a snow white costume and for less than $ 7 i couldn't go wrong .
i could never get the steamer to work ! ! ! it straightens well but i could have bought something else ya know .
use the foundation , and i just love it so thought i would try the powder , so far so good . would buy again
this item is a nice inexspensive item for a gifr for a little girl . it was what iwas expecting and i really do like it
i got one red and 16 orange and browns it's the uneven color selection that bothers me most , not as shown
i am not sure why i need this product . but i have tried it . so so . sort of just another step .
the most wonderful refreshing sent and it's not greasy . i love it . keeps your skin soft and i'm sure you will love it too .
i bought amazing grace in the trial size bottle for when i'm on the go . lovely scent for spring or summer !
cute color , lasts for quite some time and decent quality . i think that for the price , you just can't beat it ! :-d
it didn't make my face break out like almost all other sunscreens . the only thing i didn't like was the white cast it gave .
i gave my mom this perfume for christmas and she could not be more happy with it . perfect product for a gift
this is great for at home mini-facials . leaves skin feeling sfot and fresh . make sure to use a good moisturizer afterwards !
this wash will really reduce winter itching if you use it instead of soap while showering during the colder months .
its an ok kit if your buying to do your own nails or practice . i got mine been practicing but i already ran out on the acrylic liquid .
crisp clear image every time . konad has wonderful quality plates . i have yet to be disappointed by any of their nail plates .
it was small and it looked nothing like the picture if you are looking for quality at a bargain price look on
you have to work with it , but like all big sexy hair products i have purchased they are all good .
nice price . bought it for my son for our up coming beach trip . has all of the bath supplies he will need plus he loves axe products .
it fades gradually scars , i like it , it melos great and it really works to fade those scars ! i recommend
i have thin fine hair and this protects it both wet and dry from blowdrying and flat ironing without weighing it down .
i use this on days i don't work . it has a great scent for layering and doesn't come off too strong
is good , really shimmery and goes on great .. doesn't look cakey or anything and stays on all day ! ,
good loo to them , but they split really easily . i have yo replace them very often , they do look nice on and they polish up well .
the amount and variety of nail art gems is wonderful , especially for the cheap price ! there are so many things you can do with these !
my first red polish by konad , i have always used their black or white but i am glad i made this purchase .
i was really surprised by the fact that this product works , just make sure to use hairspray after the application to keep the dust on .
some of us are nervous about additives in store-bought cosmetics . here's a pure , simple base for home-formulated moisturizers . it arrived quickly and in great condition .
very good night cream to put over the retinol serum before going to bed . made my skin softer and smoother .
this color is just like the picture and goes on well . very satisfied since colors are not always as they seem when you can't see them in person .
these are ok not very easy to use but they do work . just a bit messy but do the job .
have used it for years and it works well . it moisturizes my face and neck all day . it is light to the touch .
have just started using this product already starting to see results and it makes my skin feel great ... you will not be disappointed in this product
i cannot use this , and i'm terribly disappointed . i wanted soft boar bristles , but not so soft it can't get through my hair .
well these were ok i think their is less than 1200 it's about maybe 400/500 maybe less but they will work and the price was low
two fell apart the first time i used them . i wasn't really happy with them.at least they were not expensive.worked okay once i glued them .
i think it has helped for new hair regrowth ... it appears that my hair doesn't seem so quite thin.it is so very fine ...
these work well for short periods of time on light fabric . for heavier fabric or for a longer evening , definitely not enough .
it's pretty , and it really stays on , especially if you do a clear coat , a double coat of polish and then a topcoat !
i love this soap it great for people with sensitive skin and it isn't as drying as some other soaps .
eye shadow does not last throughout the day and clumps in creases . good for a few hours wear perhaps at night , goes on smoothly .
i was not pleased with these at all . they didn't work . thank goodness i didn't pay and arm and a leg for them .
these are perfect for fitting into smaller eyeshadow bottles just the right size . they work great on the nyx loose powder shadows
i wasn't sure about this polish at 1st . but once i applied it on , with 3 coats you get a solid green . looks good .
these eye cremes are truly amazing ! if you need a lift for a special event this product is for you !
i noticed with this conditioner that it is somewhat harder to rinse out , i also don't see much of a difference in my hair compared to other products .
do not feel comfortable wearing this product.maybe it is something you have to get used to but i keep pushing it back in the drawer .
good color selection but some of the colors are too powdery . i had some bumps on my eye after applying it .
i read all the reviews and decided to try it . it was amazing . i will definitely order it again if it is available . thank you .
perfect . i use it for blush , and it's so soft . these are literally sigma brushes without the word sigma on it .
kingsley natural bristle body brush works great & is a 100 % natural brush which i love . i dry brush my skin .
wanted to try a tool like this without the big investment . it is perfect . lightweight , easy to handle and does the job .
i love this product and i will definitely be ordering it again ! it covers up my blemishes perfectly . it's great for minor blemishes !
no smell . not sticky or greasy . dermatologist recommended it for sons extremely dry , eczema prone skin
well , i have issue putting it on for my daughter , she is 6 and think this may have been little early for her , oh well.thanx
took a little bit to arrive from china but it was just as described and couldn't be priced any better !
with very sensitive skin i have found that aveeno is the only brand i can use without breaking out in a rash .
i bought these to have one at every sink ... just think of all those nasty little e-coli germs going down the drain .
what to say its a very hight quality product it makes your face as a baby skin , easy to use at home
i have had much better body butters from other companies . so far , i don't care for trader joe products and would not purchase again .
used with t gel . no more itchy scalp . more kind than using a hair brush or comb but gets the job done .
i havnt put them on yet but i love i will be ordering some more after i try these on thnk you
this awesome to use with leave in conditioner , sometimes i use it to dry my hair on the rollers , i get perfect curls every time ! :)
it's good i haven't had the chance to really use it yet maybe i'll change my mind when i learn to use it better
this works best on larger pimples . it didn't work on my blackheads though . for the price i would try this before opting for another .
this is a great oil for reducing frizz and flyaways . it is very thick so a little goes a long way .
works as well as the sample from the mall kiosk without fending off the attack of the commissioned salespeople . the smell is amazing .
this is great and healthy for my hair . i love it and it makes my curls feel really really soft .
for winter dry , cracked hands this is good stuff . not much more i can say about hand cream , but this heavy-duty cream should work for most .
came quickly as expected , quality as expected also ! i love that it has see through plastic and actually mad very nice for the price
this stuff smells so good . my kids love it . they also love that it is all three in one . makes shower time super simple for them .
these got here super fast ! the colors are great and the polishes were all wrapped carefully . these will bring me many happy manicures i'm sure !
very pleasant smell , very creamy , and does the job . a little goes a long way . will order this for sure .
i used this soap bar religiously for a few weeks and my eczema got better ... primarily the itchy skin subsided ... will use again .
these pins are on the thicker side , so i would suggest fine or thin hair steer clear . they are durable ! a + + +
this is a great tanning lotion with bronzer . the best thing is it smells so tropical like you are right on the beach !
great price for the quantity you get . this is usually 4 bucks at regular stores . i can afford to lose some of them now :)
beautiful pink barbie fun ! love this color for a bright summer pink . two coats was plenty to get good coverage over the nail .
did not like this conditioner . my hair was very knotty after use . also , did not care for the smell . will not buy again
love the subscribe and save price and its perfect for my hair that needs sulfate free products . sub and save sends it directly to your door .
heavy ! ! ! and not only that , after two months of use , it just stopped working . and it burned my fingers . be careful .
i order this product from amazon all the time and i love it.great smell and always leaves my skin feeling soft and fresh
this is very child like its not for an adult looks very cheap . i gave it to a kid who loved it & really appreciated it .
this is an all-around great color . looks good with anything , and any season . it's a flat , tannish / gray color that would
three brushes were missing in the bag which is why im not giving it 5 stars , but the rest of the brushes are greatttt
ultraswim conditioner is excellent . in combination with the shampoo it helps keep your hair from during green and brittle and it smells good too !
this works amazing . i had no idea it was going to be so professional . will be buying more as gifts .
i love the color combination and the diagram on how to apply the colors . just beautiful as more expensive brands .
works good to thin out thick polish making it usable again , no more wasted nail polish , i will buy it again .
after trying over a hundred products for dry parched hair , finally one that works ! leaves hair silky soft & shiny after blow dryer & iron !
the prefect summer green ! very pigmented just 2 light coats and your set to go . very nice color . not to green not to light .
i feel this item does nothing ! it has a bad odor and is worthless . not ever something i would get again ! very too bad .
bought this product to add to my summer collection . i recommend this product . it's a great color , you won't regret buying it !
so cute ! i bought this as my travel make up bag . it has lots of room and hold everything i need .
lovely texture that delivers gentle but thorough cleanse . antibacterial properties a major plus . i bought multiples so i could have a fresh one every day .
i like them but they came way smaller than i expected . but they're cute and i will definitely use them .
it is the only hair reconstructor i would bet my life on ! i wish it would come down in price though .
read the reviews before buying , bought 2 and almost finished one . not sure it is all that i hoped for .
this makes your foundation look like it's airbrushed , and absolutely perfect . this is the best foundation brush in the entire world . so worth the money !
not a good product . you can find others that actually work . does not make my hair look healthy or soft .
gooey , old nail polish texture . not sure if this was old but i have never had an opi color be this goopy and sticky . not recommended
received this yesterday and waiting for the results with the mask.it is worth your $ $ $ . try it out . i can feel my skin is different .
this one is really good stuff like purology always is . i would get this again ! this is the best ever this brand !
love cnd products ... this smells good and is a great conditioner for cuticles and around the nail bed in general . recommended .
the eye shadow you see on the pic is exact one you ll receive , same colors , the quality is just fine i mostly use the white one .
smooth and rich while applying it to the eyelid . stays on for 16 hours and did not smear . will purchase it again .
love it just my hair is too sleek and it is still a bit heavy for it . very pretty !
they smell heavenly and soften the water wonderfully , making soap lather gloriously and giving me a perfect shave on my legs every time . definitely reccomended .
love this color ! it's a very pretty dark red color , kinda different than what i expected , but i am loving the color of it right now !
nice and rich and a super companion to the evercreme cleansing conditioner ... i love this product line ! sulfate free is here to stay
essie products are very reliable . so many great colors to choose from when you want to change things up . goes on smoothly and dries quickly .
polka dots made easy ! the tools are easy to use and have different sizes to customize a nail design . product was received as described .
its good my arms get tired of holding it so idk but its a nice blow dryer bu it doe
i wasn't sure what to think when i saw how thick this was but no problems at all-highly recommend opi over others i've tried.no chipping-no pealing . great stuff !
good case , not alot of pearls though . thought there would be more , but for the price i cant complain ! shipping was faster then expected !
i have dark brown hair the color matched perfect . it looks natural and they are super easy to use . great value
beware ! this product contains formaldehyde which is toxic . " dmdm hydantoin " . be sure to check out the ewg website for a review of ingredients
its a great product , its very smoothy . i , d like to say it is really great , and i like it very much .
gentle hold - maybe too gentle - especially for fine hair . love it's a 10 products but probably won't buy this one again .
this product is the best body wash i have ever used ! makes your skin feel so soft and smells amazing ! wish it came in a bigger bottle !
neutrogena healthy skin eye cream , 0.5 ounce really does work and i like the product . it's not harsh or irritating .
this works well to exfoliate my facial skin . it makes me feel clean after i use it . my skin looks great after using this product .
i really like this , no complaints . works well and leaves my skin really clean . i have had no battery or reliability issues .
not gonna lie i was sceptical about this when i ordered it but it works amazingly and i'm glad i purchased this product will recommend to others .
works great for french tips ! super white ! works great doesn't chip either . lasts longer than white plastic tips or wraps
would definitely recommend . goes on smooth and stays on . i would definitely buy again . great price for having a spare eyeliner .
nice consistancy , great color , and very nice brush . i look forward to using this product . shipping was great and quite fast .
use every day . mix with essential oils as a carrier oil and use as moisturizer for my hair . love it .
really works great . a little messy in the shower so i advise using a cloth you dont care about . but other wise is really nice .
i was given this for christmas and immediately started getting compliments . i will be buying this perfume for years , especially if amazon continues with those amazing prices !
makes even cheapo polish last for weeks with minimal chipping . best topcoat i've ever used , i will always love it .
i love this case . it is pink , durable and roomy . it has a shoulder strap which is a major plus for me . :-) :-) :-)
this is a good product , i have used both the day and the night repair , the day one has good sunscreen
these are too cute . because they are machine produced not all are perfect but 99 % are . they are adorable . would buy again .
tresemme smooth and silky conditioner , 32 ounce is a very nice conditioner for all types of hair , especially nice to get this on a subscription .
it is great , it was smaller then i thought but the concealer is cream and great ! it came in time .
it was okay but i really didn't notice much difference ! just not for me ! i will keep looking to find my fountain of youth !
i bought these because i'm always doing nail and i got tired of using my nail filer so i got this and never looked back
awesome deal ! ! i would totally recommend these to anybody willing to experiment with nail art
i love this product so much , i had to order a second time ! it lasts most of the day , hardly have to do any touch up !
- wouldn't purchase again because i couldn't tell a difference ... it's just okay . i preferred philosophy's peel pads better when left on overnight .
great eyeshadow base , it stays on all day , it is very creamy.dupe for urban decay primer potionmust buy for this price
love the feel of this product , i dont know if its stopping the aging process , but it is a light moisture product good to use under make up
this is a repeat purchase and review . this item really works and is less expensive than many products i've tried .
i love this primer so much i recommend it for long wear of make up foundation and concealer ! :) nice
brushes are good but hard . i use brushes all the time and these are hard . the brushes manipulate well and the handle feels good to my hand .
it has been popular for a long time , and it can even be called the star product of maybelline . good .
keeps the whole families dandruff at bay . i love it . the classic clean smell is my favorite , just like the old stuff .
this color is a really deep purple color . when you see it in the light you can see the purple coming through . great fall colorand great product .
great and fresh scent , i feel like i just got out of the shower , i'm thinking on getting the body lotion too :)
very big and sturdy . no chance of breaking this in half . works great and love the spoon scoop on the one side
came i'm early and it looks like the sizes vary slightly ! perfect for pedicures on my small toes ! already used them and i've got some compliments ! amazing
love this stuff . wish i'd discovered it earlier . great on hands , hair , body and face , i use it every day .
this gets absorbed quickly and was recommended by my dermatologist . i've been using it for a year and it works well .
since i received this product about 10 days ago i have really noticed that my wrinkles are starting to fade . i am very pleased with the results .
i love this i have fun every time i use it very very happy with it and so do my girls
this is one of my favorite all time perfumes . the scent is amazing and though i can't smell it on myself , i get many compliments .
this is the best foundation brush i have tried thus far . the quality is amazing . ecotools are so underrated .
my dermatologist recommended this . i love the larger size and pump top . this is a great moisturizer and sunblock in one .
same as above , label falling off . not sure it is the original product , as i have never purchased it before .
they make perfect dots every time . and they are cute . i love them thinking of getting another set in another color .
i was surprised by the size of the bottles but was very pleased with the quantity . took off a star for the price .
a nice deep pink colour . i am very picky with pinks and this one is perfect for me . i put it on yesterday and used 3 coats .
needed this after i destroyed my hair with bleach , dye , bleach and more dye and destroyed my hair . worked great ! would recommend .
this is such a cute plate with clean crisp designs a must have for the plate collector music notes crisscross patterns
this is a really fluffy yet dense powder brush ! i absolutely love it . i probably will even purchase the larger one as well .
this is the only conditioner i use . detangles so well , and moisturizes with out weighing my hair down .
although the hair was good quality , unfortunately i was not sent the finished product . just a long length of weave .
first of all you can't bet this price for all these brushes . i'm going to have fun creating so many designes on my nails .
i love the light flushed pink color of this blush . it looks good on my fair skin tone and lasts all day .
amazing product and i couldn't be happier . the best stuff for volume ! nothing else works quite like this . i say do not hesitate and get this !
i love this face wash ! it makes your face feel squeaky clean without feeling dried out . i would definitely repurchase this item !
perfect . love the color . love the way it goes on . i just love it . i use it all of the time !
nice kit , has everything you need to color your hair plus a little extra room for your own items . good kit , good price !
great scrunchies . i love these , but every time i order blue i end up receiving grey ... so don't count on the blue . get pink
the effects of the moisture for the hair are very good so i use it daily.thank you very much !
it works . it smells good and keeps me from getting sunburned , which is what i ask of a sunscreen lotion .
yes ! ! ! they did come with a smell but only the bag and who wants the bag ? not me (: i recommend these to brush lovers
it's amazing . it's a perfect shade and it lasts all day . it's full coverage and covers my blemishes extremely well . i love mary kay products .
i use booth products daily , i think they are the best on the market especially for ageing skin.was an awesome price .
very cheaply made scratches scalp but that is what you get for cheaply made product the price was good but not worth it .
love these but they need to be damp when using otherwise they are not blendable at all ... great deal for the price / quantity
i had high hopes but this mac liner isnt the best had to burn the tip for darkey look to !
this is the best product i've used for wrinkles around the eyescan be used under make-up and at night .
exactly what i ordered . inexpensive . bought it for someone else who raves about this product , but i have personally never tried .
they work well and do what they are supposed to . usually a good brand and all three colors makes it easy to match .
it gets too hot and is hard to handle without burning myself . it will go out for a garage sale .
these stencils are nice . i use them everyday . they are easy to use with eyebrow pencils . they are small enough to fit in a cosmetic case .
this really is a waste of money doesnt work and i rather use some creams that will remove blackheads and cleanse your face with a buff puff ..
easy to manicure with shellac at home.last 12 days easily , 2 weeks is a stretch if you work with your hands without gloves on .
this works really well in the warm months . i use it under gel . it gives lots of as shine and detangles well . it also smells good .
a waste of money . it's in a drawer collecting dust . maybe i can give away or sell it in a yard sale . lol
works awesome it really does do what is says my cellulite in my belly is almost dissapeares but i recommend it just use it everyday
if you love glitter then you will want this polish ! it can be worn over or alone but i love love love it !
i have only been using this product for a few weeks but i have already noticed a difference in my skin .
i have used this product for years , and it really helps ! it is all natural , doesn't have any parabens and def . makes a difference !
this does look a lot like liquid liner , so i was glad that i got the color brown , rather than black .
this didn't last me anytime .. seemed like there wasn't much in it . couldn't tell the difference in my eye area . just okay
the colors are a little dull , but the purple and silvery shades are my favorites , they go on smoothly and provide the best coverage .
very little turns your skin orange even after exfoliation . wouldn't recommend this unless you're going on stage as an oompa loompa .
i really only use the big one because my hair is thick and i'm afraid it'll break the smaller tool . but the larger one works well .
theses are so cute.and they are really great to use for practice.the price is great they cost about 4 dollarseach so they where worth the wait
this eye cream delivers ! you only need a tiny bit to get great coverage and you will begin to see results after approx . two weeks .
my moms hands went from cracked to healed in less than 4 days . it is not greasy , just put it on and keep on working
i got this small packege just to try them , and i love them so now i need a bigger package
husband loved this scent . this is fairly new and it really smells terrific on him . we are both very pleased .
this shower detangler does wonders for my long , thick hair ! it doesn't pull on my hair and it easily glides through . i definitely recommend !
this scent is amazing ! the smell is lights , airy and refreshing ! i wear this scent to work and i always receive compliments
i don't hate or like this product , but it hasn't benefit meand i wouldn't purchase it in the future .
smell is good and last for few hours . please note that its a toilette spray so you can't expect more . its a good value for money .
leaves hair smooth and soft . the best product from this line that i've purchased . priced too high . not a good value
these tips are so hard and don't glue very well ... i don't like them at all .. will not buy again
i am a 47 yr old woman who still has occasional acne breakouts . this is the only product that keeps my skin clear of pimples .
captivating , arousing , luxurious , scintillating ... executive ... surely a winning fragrance . a must have for anyone into exceptional fragranes . i love me some l'eau d'issey
similar to a very expensive cream that i have been using . this cream covers well and leaves a natural , but more even skin tone .
i really like this body wash , i love that it is organic and it smells so fresh and clean , nice product
these are great just like the picture . but ebay has them cheeper for a lot more pieces . will purchase from ebay in the future
i dont really notice a difference in my eyebags but this eye cream helps keep me moisturized and i love the caffeine smell .
great moisturizer for very dry skin areas . probably wouldn't use on it my face though . virtually odor free and very cheap too !
transfers fast and easy , good images transfer great and strong . very easy to clean . i don't personally use the scraper i use an old giftcard
this is my favorite facial lotion , especially while pregnant - all natural and no fear of chemicals or additives , and it feels so moisturizing without feely sticky .
i've used it twice since it has arrived and my skin seems to like it a little better than the clay masks with what feels like menthol in them .
these hot rollers are the bomb they don't get tangled in your fair cool to touch no burns and very nice curl , this was a great purchase
i have used nail tapes in the past and these are super thin and stick great and don't easy peel back ..
these are really great and for the price you really can't beat them ! got extras and am going to give them as gifts for christmas too !
this smells so good ! i really like it . it absorbs quickly into my skin and keeps it very soft . this may be my new go-to lotion !
i gave this to my 16 year old daughter to introduce her to the world of using brush sets . it's a good set for a beginner .
these people make the best products that show evidence of working . anything with black castor oil in it is perfect for your hair .
a little natural scent to add in for my lotion making for myself ... can't wait till everything arrives . thank you for sending it on time
i have used this product for about 6 years now . i got my girls using these products too . my skin looks good for being 68 years old .
they are cute and easy tools to make designs for your nails . they are travel size just in case you want to do your nails away .
i didn't find this very useful at all . i used it a bunch of times and i just didn't see that it was helpful .
quality is good . clip is very big and great ! it perfectly fits on any hair . i recommend buying this without any second thought !
this is a very good product for frizzy hair . i have been using this stuff for several years now . i wouldnt trade it for anything .
this product is very good for hair and it is easy to use . i recommend for anyone with damaged hair . it strengthened my baby fine curly hair .
i love using these on my nails ! it's a nice touch when you can't do elaborate nail designs . i get compliments all the time .
i actually see results on the upper eyelid . not dramatic , but noticeable . it also has not caused any eye or eyelid irritation .
you need about three coats to get a decent finish . it's thin so that's why it dries fast . probably better off with revlon .
smells good , not too much lather but it was expected . makes me head feels clean and refreshed and thats what counts .
nails need this product to adhere and she needs to practice using this without making a mess or applying too much
these bath crystals don't bubble and have a most pleasant aroma . i love this product and find it is very soothing to the skin .
nice clarifying / cleansing mask . smells more like chocolate than strawberries . seems to do a good job of cleansing , and the price is right .
i've used the dry oil and decided to try this product too . it goes on so silky smooth and leaves your hair feeling moisturized and healthy .
i really like dermalogica products . this product exfoliates your face and you can use it everyday . it softens the skin nicely .
this lotion is good and hydrating . however , it is super super thick ! it is a bit hard to spread , but i like it .
it goes on too gloppy and thick in places , your nails will " pop " off . prefer harmony's gelish foundation and top coat does a better job .
just as described . deep , rich red ! goes on smooth . harmony gelish is my fav shellac to use ! stays on forvever !
very nice colors that go great with any occasion - day or night look , and perfect amount of shimmer ! ! palette small enough to travel with .
the pictures do not do it justice . there are several pockets on the outside so everything is organised and you can see everything
este jabón es fabuloso para las pieles de niños y adultos con tendencia alérgica o atópica , yo se por que se los digo ! !
its is very goodbut the con is if you're not use to it might feel like a burn on your faceuse is sparingly and don't over abuse itwould recommend it
actually bought the fame of the brand here in brazil but never esperimentei , packaging and color seduced me , an excellent cost benefit by famous brandspanish .
this is my other go-to moisturizer that is spf 15 . it has a perfect texture and works very well and i will buy again .
pretty color and packaged well , so i didn't have to worry about it breaking in the mail ! it's a good quality polish .
im so glad i ordered this brush . it works perfectly with bareminerals or any other powdered makeup . the price was also great !
i really thought that the dotes would be more like the picture shown--but they are not--but i would buy it again--it does add that something extra
great for my natural hair not a lot of suds but my hair felt very clean ! use a couple a times per week
very comfortable grip and precise snipping so they do not hurt my palms . and of course the color is pretty too , which i like .
these are great for misting plants and since i own several plants i keep each one in each room very handy .
i bought this for someone because the price was practical and now i'm stuck with it because it didn't work . i should have tried a single can first .
loved these they were metal an durable by suprise .. tiny intricate and too adorable . i love to wear them and so does my 4 yr old
it comes with so much i will never run out of the product its an amazing glue . once i run out i will repurchase it .
i bought these for my wife . she seems to be very satisfied with the product . it makes her happy.this is exactly what i wanted .
pleasant smelling sunscreen that does the job . i would buy it again . my skin is soft after using . myh adult daughter likes this sunscreen also .
this is one of the few body washes that doesn't irritate my skin ... couldn't pass up on the price for the body wash .
this perfume smell so good i thought i was going to smell ok i was guessing on this one and i was right u cant go wrong with this one
well.is not working one me . may i'm too young for this stuff . i won't buy it again ever . bye .
great bronzers . smell is nice which is unusual for a tanning lotion . will definitely order again . has a nice bronzer .
works perfectly ! doesn't blow my hair around and make it all frizzy . locks my curls in and doesn't get too hot either .
i like this wax pencil . i had doubts that i would like it but it works pretty well . would buy again .
i seriuosly love love love this serum when i get out of the shower and apply it to my hair , my hair is so super soft .
this is an awesome facial creme ! it feels so light and not greasy ! ! and in the morning , my skin feels so smooth ! !
this oil is perfect for when you get out of the shower . it's very moisterizing and keeps my skin glowing . i will purchase again for sure .
here i received the 30 plastic caps which i use for my heat cap treatment.they work fine for me . they are big enough for my curly bushy hair .
this really does dry very fast ! it leaves a nice glossy top coat that wears well . highly recommended . will buy again .
i love this product because it works for my skin ! very effective for the scars.just wait patiently and you wil see the amazing effect !
great deep conditioner . it left my hair feeling soft and in much better shape . i like the neat jar it comes in too .
e . l . f . jumbo lip gloss stick , tiki torches , 0.088 ouncei was pleasantly impressed with this product .. price was right & works great
this is one of the best facial cleaners i have ever used . i highly recommend the daily cleanser . however , i do nto recommend the face mask .
this is the best non wen i have tried and i have tried at least a half dozen . i am ordering in volume next time for sure !
describes it well and in the picture looks nice but once you get it on the mail its so not like in the picture
this product is great . it clears the skin and leaves your skin clean and fresh . i will order again . thanks .
i returned this hair setter because the ends of the rollers get too hot to handle . the rollers are also very small .
this product is just ok ... too oily and greasy , it made my hair heavy and oily ... i would not recommend it to a friemd ...
i am past 40 and always looking out for some excellent night cremes for my face . this cream is excellent . makes my face so soft and smooth .
i've been searching for the perfect acrylic cutter and i finally found it . it's truly a perfect buy as well .
this product manages my flyaways and edges . i would use this sparingly as it could lead to buildup . other than that , it works well .
i can't say enough about this product , wonderful bubbles , smells famtastic and leaves skin smooth and feeling very clean . definitely worth the money .
great product and highly recommended by my estetician . i use it faithfully and now don't like to be without it .
these are very nice if you don't mind trying to keep them closed tightly , tops tend to get loose .
so happy with this spray , it leaves my hair feeling amazing and not so frizzy . i'd buy this any day over $ 50 argan oil .
love the color , looks like picture . product last and looks great ! easy to apply and great price for the amount
i have been using this product for several weeks and so far no change but i will keep trying until it runs out .
what a beautiful color ! i get sooooo many compliments when i paint my nails this color ! very nice color , definitely one of my favs !
phyto organics is why i loved nexxus before they changed the other products to meet a larger market . such a great everyday shampoo and conditioner .
i love vitamin e oil and this item is great . i have no complaints at all and it has lasted for a while .
these are really nice gifts for your nail polish guru . they are pretty and pack well into any nail station .
i didn't notice any improvement in my skin but it did feel like a good addition under my moisturizer . i probably wont buy again .
the lotion seems extra oily which broke my skin out . i used the remainder as a hand cream and still felt the extra oil .
so many ideas for decorating with these and then i can use the empty bottle for pendents .. im hoping to get more in the near future ..
i was expecting a good color of red but it looks more magenta or maroon . wouldn't buy again . dries my lips too .
terrible disappointment . after reading all of the positive reviews , i was really surprised to see absolutely no improvement in the bagginess and darkness under my eyes .
this product does smooth my lines and wrinkles somewhat but i don't like the white film it leaves behind . but i use it anyway .
nars products never disappoint . you get exactly what you pay for . great product . lots of pigment . a must for any makeup geek .
love this wonderful smelling , hair smoothing product . use is after a shower , before flat ironing , and anytime you want your hair extra smooth .
can't really organize things it all gets piled in the bottom , only small things fit up top can't even fit brushes .
i really like this for drying out acne overnight . be careful when you use it , though because it can sting .
does it's job and the pusher side is a little wide but it works perfect , took some time to get here tho .
natural , not heavy , greasy , and doesn't have a perfume odor . the only drawback is that it stings a bit when getting too close to eye .
love this mascara , it makes my lashes look really really nice makes them look as if i have fake lashes on . :)
i have used this fragrance for many years and love it ! so glad i can get the large bottle here .
these are perfect for nail art . they are really fine and work great . i am happy with this purchase . price was great as well .
so happy these shipped earlier than expected ! and they make perfect dots so i'm happy with them :) they're different sizes and i like it .
i just love this mask , it leaves my skin soft and clean . i use it about twice a week . great product !
nessessary item.well this goes with the territory of nails . handy for alot other things for scrapbooking jewlry . but i like it to fix a torn nail .
this removes nail polish so quickly , its the best nail polish remover i have bought so far and the price is right
thank-you mash for not letting me down . it was what i had ordered , and as advertised exactly what i needed .
i love the product in my hanna it covers my gray natural extermly well , the product arrived verry fast , so i was able to use right away .
great stuff for fading brown spots and scars . i have found this product to be relatively cheaper than the beauty supply stores visited .
great blackhead remover i noticed a difference after the first use left my face felling refreashed has a wonderful scent
i just use it as a leave in conditioner and it works great ... makes my hair so soft ! i completely recommend it
the designs are amazing ! how many times do i have to say i love the artwork of nails ! perfect for designsgreat designs and images on the 25 pcs
i love this set . this is a great deal and it has a lot of variety . the colors are so bright a beautiful !
thats exactly what the color i was looking for . sweet and soft lips . luuuuuuv it and i am totally satisfied !
a little longer than i expected . not really for me . but , i loved the band on them . easy and flexible .
i love the smell and the conditioner made my hair softer than the coconut version - not sure why . i will definitely buy more .
this to me seem just like any other chap stick it didn't do anything different to me maybe to other ppl but to me nothing . wouldn't buy this again
not bad quality for the price was just as described . so i would purchase other colors from this brand again .
this color reminds me a lot of my favorite opi color , bogota blackberry . it's a deep burgundy , with a slight shimmer to it . very pretty !
the coat drys very quickly and looks fine . the only problem is it's too thin so that sometimes it wears off very easily .
you pay for that soft curl and hold when you use this stuff , but it's worth it , except you need to add another product to get shine .
these are so firm that they are unusable for makeup . i will keep them for some crafting use , i don't know what else .
i recieved this for a gel kit and it works really well for french tips ... perfect white color and goes on easy and smooth .
don't let the cap scare you . this fragrance is very beautiful . works for me . and no , the black color does not color your skin .
this was not as strong as what i bought before and it is mixed . i like a more pure oil .
unlike any other ! ! amazing product doesn't alter fade your hair color like moroccan oil ! the results are super shiny gloss.without leaving heaviness residue on hair ..
it also becomes a time crunch and convenient , since this is extended very smoothly and a certain grade can cover
very nice , a little is all that is needed . use this on my hair as well for deep treatment . do this for yourself .
i like all harmony products . but it was smaller than i thought . i would like to purchase again . nice th
it is great to keep the skin soft . because it is 70 % , it still has some kick when added to the oilier lotions and creams .
nice product for tanning . i definitely noticed a darker bronzer tan with this lotion than i do with others . very happy and would recommend .
i love this eye shadow palette ! the colors are so explosive and bright ! it's simply amazing and i feel fantastic and beautiful !
this is unbeatable for quality and results . lasts forever and so very worth the investment , good for color treated hair too .
the only thing i did not like about it was that it wastoo runny like it had been expired for a while ( mixed moisturizer and became thick again )
i have long straight fairly thin hair and it can barely hold my hair . waste of money . don't bother buying .
used this or my legs and underarms.it was a nice , smooth shave.no nicks.would repurchase again on my own .
very nice moisturizer , without the heavy greasy feel ! it is soothing , and seems to hold up pretty well during the day !
i love this little guy it has been a dream and has helped greatly with my projects so far i am very happy
i like this serum but my question is : doesn't the vitamin c looses it power when exposed to light ? and this bottle is crystal clear ...
i add it to my wet hair , mostly on my ends . it really helps to tame the frizz .
works well love that it works great with any color i would definitely recommend this to everyone got here on time too
i haven't found anything that i like better for clearing up my mild acne , and i have tried many products in my life time .
they just don't fit all my nails because of its size but i would still have boughten it again ... and would recommend it to others ...
i have used many .. hand lotions .. this one suprised me .. it been around so long ... it doesnt leave you hands greasy ..
its a nice acid but it is a bit watery ... and it has a dropper and i prefer the pump .
love this product it doesn't give me as many curls as the eco but it makes my hair feel soft and manageable .
i love these nail polishes ! they are great colors ! bright and neutrals ! great for all year round ! would really recommend you get these !
i love this brush for teasing ! i can create volume in a fraction of the time it used to take with a regular comb .
nice hot dog ! it looks real . hold a lot and the zipper works great . makes you hungry to look at it .
this product lasted me a very long time . i tend to wear wigs for months at a time so it lasted me for about 3-4 months .
leaves my 4b / c natural hair very soft and manageable . i apply a little everyday and there's no build up . i get super soft manageable hair .
i like to use this to do my contour . the result is very natural . good pigmentation . i love nyx ! xx
the perfect glitter alone or on top of another polish . dried quickly , no chip yet ! first time buying this brand , will buy again .
these don't look like the picture , they look cheap and are too big for nails . not a lot of different colors .
it covers up well on your face but not everything ... it doesn't make your face fully covered but just enough to be not as noticable .
smell great and last for a long time every one asking whats that smell i just smile not telling great
one of the best deep conditioners i've ever used . really does moisturize the hair . great for natural afro hair as well .
will never purchase again . zero results and i was very disciplined in taking these tablets . no difference in nails or hair . none ! ! !
this product is wonderful ! it doesn't weigh down my hair and it's leaves it soft and shiny . love the smell too !
this is pretty but its opaque , it looks to be a solid color but takes at least 3 coats to look that way
these are far from clear , let alone crystal clear . i hate liars . even when put up against a light , you can not see thru .
works well and was cheaper online than in the store i was quite satisfied last long and has lasted til jow and i got this a loooong time ago
i love this hair color and you cannot find it anywhere anymore . i am glad that i have a place i can still order it .
this soap cleans well but was too harsh for my skin and private area . i also like a soap with less fragrance .
i have a mostly black powder room , and this color soap is just right in my soap dish.it is mostly " for looks " .
this is the best cleanser for sensitive skin that is prone to redness . this size goes a long way and is worth the money .
works so much better than the egg scrapers . easy to use , removes calluses quickly and easily , my feet feel great !
great price for the perfum , it smells amazing . the smell does not last long might have to invest on the lotion
great price i got this order and love this product.it ' s been well recommended by many and i have been taking it for over a year now .
it doesn't have too magicial functions as i expected . but it is also a nice mask product that makes me feel comfortable .
this was a gift to a budding young make-up artist . evidently coastal scents is a great brand . this palette of concealers really does the job !
these brushes have totally exceeded my expectations ! i absolutely love them ! ! definitely worth the price . nice fluffy bristles & very soft .
good size bottle and you don't need much for each use . frizz ease makes good products you can count on .
daughter likes this product as she is able to make things on her nails and show them to friends . her nails are pretty
smells great , makes my skin feel nourished and soft . no dyes or tints to this product and this is why i like it .
drys my hair fast , not too heavy or loud .. nice compact size and good attachments . overall really good dryer . would recommend !
i use it for my under eye circles and it covers the blue bags very well . i would recommend this product .
i gave it as a present and she was really excited to get it . she has not said anything about it to me yet .
i know that it is night cream , but it was too thick for my skin . even being a sensitive formula it still made me break out .
color is good but it feels heavy instead of moisturizing . arrived very quickly and well packaged . i would recommend to others if not needing a moisturizing lipstick .
use it as needed between coloring and you may feel better about taking the first step to covering early grays . i do .
excellent product . used other its a 10 products such as leave in conditioner and this makes a perfect companion . cleanses gently and efficiently with rich lather .
made like crap .. they don't hold any kind of shape to the finger and rub against the polish themselves ! !
are difficult to work with but i think is because i'm new working with it . but the idea about getting more practice fingers is good .
it really enhances your eye shadow color . by the way , is great for your really light pibmintated eyeshadow colors.love it
it smells awesome , the color is great . it's not really very moisturizing though , i have to use some other lip balm underneath
this does not smudge or wear off . nice colors . i enjoy it . arrived in perfect condition . i am happy with purchase
i put it on and by 3 hours i have to re apply ... i dont sweat much . aslo , i am black .
it does turn a different shade of pink for each person . i didn't love the tone it turned on me . i would not purchase it again .
i haven't made up my mind on this one yet . i think i would like something a bit more organic .
love this makes my hair feel like silk without weighing hair down or making it look greasy like all the new oil scam products .
get this one and get the mary-louminizer they are the loveliest highlighting powders that i own . its like butter , you will not regret it
i am crazy about this shampoo . the best quality on the planet and cruelty free ! yes ! highest recommendation by me !
these sizes are ideal for intricate nail designs & art . i love them , they work very well i am veryy happy to have them .
i liked this detangler , made my hair detangled quicklymakes hair feel soft and not waxy , oily , or crunchya great find for the price !
but they apprear creamy , came fast and were in decent packaging.im sqatisfied with the order i recievedwould recommend
i wanted to try the flocking powder and this was just perfect . the size is super small so don't expect to have alot when you recieve it .
this little gadget is a vicious one but it gets the job done and save me a lot of nail impressions in my skin .
it's so think and does not apply easily . i'm not sure if it's a bad batch but it's not easy to put on .
creamy , dreamy , easy to apply and also a great neutral color . looks good by itself or with a lipstick . i love it !
clear your acne , this one works , and very light very nice smell . i think i will buy again some day
another great tool for blowouts and everyday brushing . it gently removes tangles without pulling out all your hair . highly recommend ! !
i love this product it is too cute i love how the polish stays on her fingers but it does not taste at all
i loved this conditioner . it made my hair soft and manageable and had a great scent . it isn't expensive and feels nice . i really like it .
works really good . use on my back and legs and have definitely seen an improvement over the past month . happy
very pretty fall colored palette . the shadows are fairly pigmented the pots are removable , but not magnetic . really nice value for the price i think
always soft and a comfortable hold . i also purchased the ecotools concealer brush , deluxe with this order . i am loving both .
unfortunately the color doesn't come out well and it doesn't shine that much i used my fingers and a brush and the result is still the same
i like this product ! it works great and you cannot see the glue because it turns black and blends in with your eyeliner / mascara !
this foundation is fantastic ! it isn't heavy or cakey yet stays put all day . i would highly recommend it !
one of my favorite nail art brushes to use for french tips and designs with decals . it's an all in one brush
works well to reduce cellulite and moisturizes the area . the jar looks unassuming but it works very well to improve the areas of cellulite .
these bottles work great . i use them for different hair concoctions , and have no issues with dripping ... etc . good quality bottles .
normally like herbal essences products but this does nothing and made my hair feel like straw . plus made no difference with volume .
i got this for our tub and its great has a feature on the back for a massage best buy
i've used face misters before that atomized a little better than this product.the fragrance is subtle and it does provide a cooling effect .
this is non-irritating and leaves the eye area feeling really smooth and soft . i love using this at night or during the day !
i've been wearing chanel no . 5 since i was given it as a gift when i was 9 years old . it is my go to evening fragrance .
i just started to use this product and i already have noticed a huge difference in my nails . love it !
a friend recommended the mate polish and so i got this one and it does the job . it looked really nice on a design that i did .
save yourself time and go to the dollar store , buy a bag of sponges and cut them down ; like i did after i got these .
first time ordering shellac and this was a great purchase . i will be ordering more when this runs out . good deal !
this tool is of nice quality , has a rubber grip , and the spoon does not scrape or damage the nail . recommended .
love the product but bottle is too small , i would be willing to pay a little extra for a bigger bottle
i didnt really use it because i was experiences with something at the same time so choose not to use .
i really love love love this color its my favorite of all time ! ! ! it is also a very good price ..
if you scrunch it after it dries , the wet look goes away and you're left with soft waves . works great .
great deal for these tools . my daughters have made all kinds of cool designs ! we are happy with our purchase :)
the product made my hair very greasy . it looked shiny , but more like i hadn't washed it in weeks . also it smells like aerisol .
great , natural-looking for sparse brows . the pencil is great and the gel sets the brow - very natural looking for a fuller brow !
not dark brown , very thin , sheds a lot , tangles every 30 seconds , need about 4 to make a full coverage .
works well , doesn't make your hair feel greasy . really smooths split ends and is a great thermo-protector . would def buy again !
they are so natural looking and i love them on my eyes . the shipping was really fast and i think the price is great as well .
this comb works great on my hair . i use it while i have conditioner on my hair to remove tangles .
i really love this drill . i am new to doing nails and this is a great starter nail drill for any newbie .
haven't used yet but it looks the same as the picture online . can not wait to use this product as i like doing different things with my hair .
i have oily and sensitive skin and this has helped ! it leaves my skin smooth and clean , not dry and flaky .
it made me breakout , clogged skin and i looked tired and ugly , think its the retin a stay away if u wanna look good
made me breakout because this product contains oil . love korres lip butters , but did not like this . i recommend cosmedix lightening serum instead .
to harsh on my face , making my face break out everytime i use it .
it's a good foundation primer that prep my skin for makeup . it doesn't change the color of your skin but make it smoother .
skin felt clean and refreshed i like the form it wasn't too harsh or drying to the skin . good product
well dis is wat relly i spect n it is exactly d same ting as seeing on d picture , well i relly recomend u guys dis
yep , this irritated my skin too . it was disappointing . i have very sensitive skin and it's too bad that i couldn't use them .
this product has to go on under lotion or it wont absorb . still didnt work well for me and i dont even have huge stretch marks .
obagi is the true deal . the 20 is the perfect percentage for everyday use . no additives . i will buy again .
yes i liked it ... when its time to just be neutral for a while . when you need a break from colors .
these are perfect for what i need them for . the price was great and they work wonderfully ! thank you so much
my husband really likes this shampoo and i have to admit that it smells really good . great price on amazon !
smells amazing and luv it in my hair oh yes ! i will definitely keep this around for my 4c hair ! lol
it did not come in that color jar it was white . it smelled like true cocoa butter but it was extra hard ... good buy
i found these pencils to be so dry they actually hurt as i applied them on my lips didn't like them at all a waste of my money :(
i'm always doing nails so i bought this item and i loved it . it works very well so buy it
my teenager loves this product . scent is light and acceptable . the control has been very good . good product with good results .
just as pictured and holds all of my polish ! it was very easy to put together , just a few screws .
this will make the perfect gift for the makeup lover . just be aware because you might have a few broken eyeshadows other than that its a great product .
my sister and mother loved this as a christmas gift . i should have gotten one for me . next time i will .
it was brand new in the box and it came really fast . i use this all the time . i will order more in the future
i got this edp for my wife . she did not like it like her other perfumes . when i smelled it , i agreed with her .
awww , this is such a presh product ! the heart shape just makes it that much better ! this would make theee perfect gift , girls !
kept these in my son's diaper bag and are great for quick clean-up of items ( stoller , shopping cart , little hands , etc . )
pretty but the quality is so poor it broke as soon as i touched it . took forever to arrive . not worth it . don't buy it .
my favorite and it arrived quickly . i have purchased this before and i will purchase it again . i love vivite products .
this is the best pencil brush in the world . that is all . it blends beautifully !
it has a nice scent not as long lasting as i would like , but it's ok ! it's good to put into a diffuser
these bows are gorgeous ! great quality . the do not discolor and have had them on for 2 weeks and stones stay tight .
my daughter love it and she said that the magnet of the z palette is very good and she can keep organize her favorites eye shadows .
definitely one of my favorite drugstore lip gloss . this set is a steal . apple strudel is incredibly flattering . i would buy again for sure .
hate to run out of this before i reorder cause i cannot stand my fly away hair . this gives my hair great texture and shine .
didnt match my hair color , too light . will try the darker color next time . decent quality just not the right color for me .
this is my first real technique brush and i plan to purchase more . the brush is so soft and applies my blush on perfectly .
my face is bright and fresher than ever . i've even stopped wearing foundation . this will now be a part of my regular routine
i bought this kit for my friend's birthday and she loved it . i may order another one for myself . :)
this did absolutely nothing . i still have yellow hair despite leaving it in longer than they say to . total waste of time and money .
this is a nice light scent . you just roll a little on and you are good to go . nice light fragrence
this is my second favorite mascara ... revlon grow luscious by fabulash being my first . i use this when i know i might cry in public .
i use this brush to put on my eyelid shadows . works well . packs on the color and quickly . must have from sigma !
before switching to clarins i would have breakouts and my skin was hard to manage . i swear by this stuff , never using another face wash again !
out of all of bundle monster's collections , i think this one is the best . such a unique collection of designs . images are nice and crisp .
i've been using this product for about a week and so far the results are not so good . i hope a few more days of use will help .
its smells really good as if you wear a franch perfume and it keeps your hair soft , smooth and shiny .
it doesnt take away stretch marks its just makes it look better , smells great .. it last long .. i would buy again
these work great with acrylic powder and are easy to clean and have kept their shape . i expect them to last a long time with good cleaning .
my wife immediately asked me to order her somemore of the addidas fragrance , she loves it and wants a couple more bottles .
cheap , effective . that about sums it up , i love this primer ! the packaging is really simple & cute as well .
package came a day early ! i've received so many compliments ! one of my favorite polishes . will be buying more ! !
this can attach to just about any table or counter without ruining the surface , this is the best one that i have purchased so far ..
nothing else has worked but proactiv really does i recommend this to any one with any type of acne troubles
what can i say , qtips are the best in my opinion . the price was low and i am very happy with our purchase .
i purchased this long before it came out on in longs drugs and i love how thin it is.it absorbs quick into the skin
i ordered this and was so excited about getting it . when i opened the box it was exactly what i wanted
these rollers work very well with the caruso steam hairsetter . i have some from my original purchase . i just needed more .
i love shellac is the best ! my clients are very happy , and this bottle last a lot of manicures ! it is worth the price
this is by far the best topcoat i have ever used . the finish is amazing and my nails never chip . i will use no other .
i like to do french tips in all kinds of colors . these make a nice crisp edge . they seem to be just sticky enough .
this product was bought as a gift for a female friend of mine , and she loves it . i saw a difference in her skin immediately .
love the shade for my pale skin and goes on smoothly . i love this brand , great quality . shipped on time .
wonderful light fragrance at a great price , packaged beautifully ; i would recommend it ; it's one of the few i can actually smell once it's on ;
i bought to use in conjunction with sunless tanning . made my skin really smooth . great product ! would buy again in future !
my friend i bought this for really liked it and was very excited . i would buy again . thank you once again .
love that this fits us to 3 different sizes of pencils , and is nice and sharp . no issues to report .
smells good , works great , feels nice on my hair , i will buy repeatedly
item as described new in package big bottle worth the price and it makes our hair very soft love it !
i love this gelish color ! it is a deep gray color so pretty . this is a great product and stays on at least 2 weeks !
i can't say that i notice in great changes since using it , but its alcohol free and that is a plus !
was very unhappy with this item and didn't feel this product did what it advertised . returned
hold perfume but you need to make sure that it stays upright in your purse as it can leak and then your purse smells real good
this powder makes my skin look like i have no pores . its amazing . the color is perfect and lasts all day .
what an awesome addition to your home nail salon ! they look very pretty and are not the usual addition to a manicure . easy to use .
this foundation actually made my pores bigger . it made my face dry and it doesn't give enough coverage . i will not be buying this again .
this is a great product for hair that is damaged due to coloring or perm for it brings out the shine and makes hair silky .
after many different skin moisturizers for my sensitive skin , i stopped at this one to balance my skin type . no perfume and not greasy .
love the product no problem with leakage like other reviews ... i took it on an 8 day vacation and it didn't hold enough :(
one of my best recently acquired products . does a great job ! my teenage daughter borrows it all the time , which is high praise . :-)
after using this conditioner , it has yet to be shown up . it smells great , de-tangles and defines my curls . hopefully this brand never goes away .
was surprised by the aroma but i love it so much i use it daily for myself and it arrived on time and in great shape
great for styling my straight hair . easy to use and dries fast . doesnt really flake unless you touch it constantly . great price for two tubes .
magic in a bottle . my favorite top coat in the whole world .. it will not fail you . super fast dry .
i'm a woman of color and i love this . i mean after a few hours it tends to make my deface look dry and pale eh .
i was a bit worried that it wouldn't be the real thing . but it is and i love it ! yay
not the most comfortable , quality lacking i would prefer to pay a little more and get better quality for arch support
the different designs are amazing . i have fun trying to figure out which design i want to give a go . so far it has not disappointed .
cute silver rhinestones . they are very pretty on your fingers or toes which ever you preferred . very cute and you will get compliments on it .
i have been using this product for about two months . it has shown no improvement to the dark circles under my eyes .
this base coat really works ! it helps my nail polish stay on a lot longer than if i had not applied a bottom coat . love it ! !
as a first time user of a jumbo eye pencil shadow liner , i really loved this liner . i would definitely recommend it .
great product . color is more like black . great for thinning hair . covers the scalp where hair is thin . wish i found this sooner !
i haven't notice any difference in my skin , seems to clean and didn't leave my face feeling dry . that'about it .
these perfect match polishes are great . they are a perfect match , go on smoothly and last a long time . great for matching mani-pedi's . highly recommend .
lots of varied designs from cutesy to more ornate well etchedworks well with a varetiy of polishes both stamping and normal polish
love the colors and they work very well . so many ways to use them . the colors are bright also thanks
i really like the way this cleanses and hydrates . it rinses off easily and does not leave a greasy film like some cleansing oils do .
this is ok as far as the high gloss and shine goes but it doesnt last very long like i hoped it would
i like this facial wash because it is easy on sensitive skin and doesn't dry out my skin . plus the price is good .
i wish the base were weighted a little , because if i put a cap on the wig head , it wants to fall over .
i really love this product . not only does it give texture and control , but it creates the deepest shine i've ever seen . it's a real winner !
we have always been believers in gold bond's products and this lotion is no exception . buy with confidence .
this product shipped very quickly and arrived before it was supposed to . i love this product , my lashes look gorgeous very happy with it .
you won't believe how many complection flaws this product will brush out of sight.it gets a 4 star because it is too expensive . almost worth it .
goes on smoothly , does a good job of evening out skin and helping makeup last longer . gives a nice brightening effect too .
excelente perfume , muy suave y fresco se puede usar a diario , recibi el producto en el tiempo estimado , lo recomiendo !
i use it for my hair for my skin , and sometimes as a mouth rinse , works great ! i would definitely recommend this product .
availability tends to be hit and miss , but it's a reasonably priced variety . proper care and you can get several uses out of them .
i'm a john masters organics fan . i want to try this product . i'll have a enjoyable to using this one from now .
work wonders , worth all the hype , drys in 1 minute , adds beautiful glassy shine for days , love it
i always been told generic ones work the same brand ones . well i would definitely try a different one this one seems not to work pretty one
thanks for a good product - nice clear patterns easy to use and seems easy to last for awhile thanks
both bottles leaked my expensive perfume all in my purse , i had the ball in correctly , i threw them away . never again .
very cute but it won't hold really heavy thick hair . it also will snag your hair when taking out . be careful
the product arrived very quickly in exact described condition for a reasonable price . will definitely buy again .
this doesnt do anything ... it might help nourish lashes but i bought this for brows - pointless buy , has no effect for me .
great oil for my hair . was very good for my texture hair and helped with adding moisture and sheen . great product .
i really love this although it doesn't hold some lipsticks such as the black label nyx , but other then that its great to have
it does what it promisses , but you have to be consistent with using it . i will buy again when the time comes .
work great for the price and getting your french done is very easy with them ! and i like that you got 3 different froms
i would recommend this nail art drill electric file to anyone who's looking for an easy one to use at home or work . works great !
fine pencil and nice colors . i like the colors . they are ok . would be wonderful on a light-skinned colored person ..
makes my skin feel smoother and soft . it does feel hot when you put it on your legs but it only last a few minutes .
they are really nice in all different colors . the package comes shipped very nicely and neat . it is a good product i would buy again
love my blow dryer . it dries my hair asap . good dryer , recommend . works well in all levels , love the attachments .
i rave about this stuff . i have never had a crème soften and heal my very dry skin like this one .
a nice sunscreen / moisturizer that goes on easily . i have sensitive skin and had no problem with the product . will buy again .
my best friend nicknamed this stuff " magic " because it helped save her favorite nail polish , which was so far gone it was almost solid .
just came in the mail today . just what i was expecting . very happy . i would order again but i have so many gems now !
this is a good product and very very affordable i would buy again and you should buy it too ! ! ! the colors are cool
bless your aging skin with this product ! it is a perfect option for those not being able to afford - or not wanting to have - face lifts .
exactly as expected . very useful for travel . i go out of town a lot for work and this is very helpful for organizing all of my jewelry !
not an essential item , but handy for a fast application of mascara in the mornings without getting any messy smudges .
cute designs and very clear . having a little bit of a problem using my stamper but i am getting it . great product .
i have used jane iredale for years so i was thrilled to find it at a great price . i love this product !
i don't think i've ever purchased a michael kors product i didn't simply adore ... need i say more ... get it , it's a beautiful fragrance !
this oil works perfectly in my hair . my only complaint is that the gardenia smell is a bit strong for my taste .
this seems to fill in my pores and really makes my skin feel smooth . it was pretty cheap and definitely worth the buy .
i really like this shampoo , it leaves my hair soft and i'm glad it is fragrance free . i will definitely buy it again .
wife likes this product and will buy more in the future . great price and great product.cover girl popular brand with my wife .
nothing to say here , its my favourite brush , i use it with gel liner and can create all the looks
love this product cleans with out stripping your hair , mint is a plus , my hair really responds to this shampoo
a must have if you are using the gelish hard gel . it does its job and that is all you can ask of a product .
product appears that you will receive 3 but only one arrived will not reorder will be more careful reading the product information
the assortment contains every brush you need . reasonable price . good quality . small size is easy to handle . it's a winner .
i consider this scrub a miracle product ! ! this has saved my skin and has made it more healthier than ever ! !
it is cheap considering it includes 21 eyeshadows 4 blushers , 10 lip glosses / lipstick 2 pressed powder 3 brushes and mirrorso definitely a great deal .
angle brush is very thick and too stiff to achieve a nice , thin line . maybe good for eyebrows , not for eyes .
i havent used it yet but this tub is so big you can at least perm 2 heads with it
i wish the tape would hold better . i even put clear coat to hold it in , but peeled off within a day ...
didn't expect too much from this , but was very surprised , and delighted with the performance of this mascara , and at a low price !
the print in the middle is absolutely beautiful when you have a red background and you use white for the bow and lines
i love the obagi products but this smell was a bit much and lingered . i would not purchase again despite the good quality .
these pencils are smaller them i thought they would be - great selection but thought it was more pencil then what's there
i like this product . i only wish it came in a larger bottle . did not harm brush bristles . i'm not sure of its disinfectant properties though .
this is a similar color to what i already have in another brand , but it's in the gelish system . i love it and would recommend this color !
i ike this product , i feel like around my eyes look healthier and are softer however , i dont see any difference in my fine lines .
great dryer . i use attachment so my hair doesn't blow all over place . dries hair quick ! looks good . hope it lasts forever .
this is great , soaks in quickly , light scent , only thing that stinks its its kind of liquid like . i would recommend it .
this was a perfect little kit to carry in your purse for that nail emergency . i've used it several times and i'm really glad i purchased it .
different sized pearls in a wheel carry case . it's a good deal and you get exactly what's shown in the picture .
happy with my purchase i needed more color options , and i have long nails so i needed alot of full bottles
my daughter had been wanting one since way b4 xmas so i finally decided to look at bught one quickly
perfect for applying blush . i use it all the time and it makes my makeup come out exactly how i want .
exactly what i needed for myself . used some to practice on when attached to friend . used others on myself . good sturdy nails .
love this wig , looks really pretty and feels amazing will be buying again ! in other colors , it's nice and full and looks natural .
i can only give this one star because i never received it looks nice i wish i had i'm sure it was bling bling
these are a great tool for applying eyelashes . makes it much easier and you don't get glue on your fingers ! highly recommend !
i like this better than my old dryer , it is much lighter and has just as much or more power . very nice .
i use this brand because i am allergic to all others . it smells great , but doesn't work as well as i'd like .
goes on great , too bad no brush came with it , packed very well and sent quickly , stays on and looks great
i love this moisturizer . it makes my skin feel moisturized but not oily . my skin looks good and i don't get breakouts . good price too .
this might work for some people who are real quick but it dries to fast and leaves a little bit of residue
this was a complete waste of money for me .. hopefully i will find something for my bi-racial child ... i don't recommend this
for the price this was pretty cool . i love that it come with a stamper and the scraper is plastic and doesn't scratch my plates .
i use the eye cream daily . i truly love the product and have not found a product i like better . i would recommend it to others .
this polish is worth buying the colors are great . and after one week youre nails still look good . a w orth it purchase .
i keep reordering this soap every time i run low on it ! i love it ! it clean very well and smells out of this world ! a +
i like this product and would purchase it again but it is a very small container . i wish they sold a bigger one .
this does work , however , it hardly ever stays on after a few hours and never if it gets warm inside or out .
this product is a great cleanser , the skin after using looks amazing . i have tried other ones , and this is the best .
it's name definitely fits . beautiful red . looks better on fair skin tones . needs topcoat even thought it does have a bit of its own shine .
this is the best , hands down the best , i'll never try anything else ever , i've tried soooo many & this works
nothing great and i hoped it would have faded spots but nothing impressive . it only moisturized and nothing else unfortunately
like .. this is little to much of what i pay but i like it so far . i willbuy it
i purchased one of these for my last house so when i moved - it was a no brainier - i had to get another .
i won't get this again . a friend of mine loves it but i found it watery . and i adore cosmetic skin solutions products much more ! !
well worth the money , very subtle shades , dainty and pretty . great deal on this set ! ! , colors are true to their shades !
love the product great for the price . highly recommend this product . looks sleek too . make my hair look like i went to salon
i haven't had a chance to use this one yet , but i love rosemary . i think that i would repurchase !
exactly what i was looking for . thin , durable , and flexible hair ties . basic and painless . very please with the purchase
the wig look great this is just my second one that i had i like the way it look on the picture hope it look just as great on me
i bought this for my son who is a chronic nail biter . unfortunately it didn't work at all .
the designs were cute . and with different colors it looks very fancy . i loved the stripes and flowers the best .
its so perrrfect ! i only use it for contouring and it honestly gets the job done . it doesn't shed and its super soft but sturdy .
nice , but i was expecting a little more color . you have to use quite a bit to get the desired color . nice product though .
i received itchy skin when i applied this . when i stopped using this product the itchiness went away . guess i am alergic to it .
these concealers work okay but they are a little to thick for my liking . kind of hard to apply and doesn't cover much but still usable .
it's pretty good but kinda synthetic smelling . lasts on average about 6 hrs .. very citrus . not bad . might buy again
this bruch very good to put on your foundation it puts on a thin layer and does not take up a lot of foundation . very good
really love the smell of this stuff but it's really nothing special . my hair doesn't look shinier or in better condition .
this is a great item.you can use this to reach your lower lashes , without having the longer brush getting in your way .
i was desperate for dry skin help aggravated by having the heat running for winter . nothing worked until this . i am a convert to this product .
perfect brush to get an airbrush finish out of your foundation .. the finish is perfect .. bristles are very soft and dense ... love this brush ..
my boys and i both use this shampoo on a regular basis . smells like candy , and no crying tears ! ! yay ! ! !
fantastic , gentle , milky product . gets off all traces of makeup and dirt without stripping the skin . my mother even uses this now !
my son uses this more than i do , its not sticky at all . it holds very well . i would buy again !
this is a pretty nice size bottle and it really doesn't take much for it to work . it works best for gelish polish .
first safe conditioner that i have used that actually detangles . i will be buying more of this and i am very satisfied .
really makes hazel eyes pop , where black and brown mascaras subdue . easy to apply and remove at end of day . makes skimpy lashes lush .
these bows are extra sparkly . perfect for just one nail or all ten on a special occassion . i will buy again .
the quality is good , the eyelashes are soft and look like natural , i like the way eyelash lay out , and it look good when put on .
i was not a fan of this lotion . scent was plain and i didn't notice a better tan with its use .
good quality wig , but the blonde is much more yellow than the photo depicts :(
my arms and face tend to be very dry , this product really helped me to have a softer and flawless skin ! :) ' love it !
awesome brushes ! great for use of gel application , nail art design or french tip perfecting tool ! would recommend to all !
i wash my hands a lot and as a result they show it - this cream is the best by far in healing my dry cracked skin and cuticles .
love these witch hazel pads . i use them at morning and night . work great , high quality , and great price . thanks ! ! !
i love this cleanser . it takes off make-up better than any other products i have tried . i've been using it for years ! !
this is perfect for whitening dark spots and can be used with whitening creams . comes in a nice case . very happy with my order .
gave this as a christmas present to one of my nieces . she was so excited . the fragrance is very nice .
good guality for the price , just have to be careful of the painted handles when using polish remover but they do the job
for the true disney fan . ( which i am ) . the lemonade smells great and the container is very cute.great in the bathroom
i use this every night and i love it . it has a little exfoliation in it and that ; s perfect to use every night . non irritating
its been one of my faves for years . goes with everything . opi is great polish . last a few days before chipping . great toe color too .
the price is great but the product is so so ... not so easy to apply ... doesn't really curve to stay put on your eyes
it works great . i've tried everything to grow my hair but nothing worked as well as this . plus it made it thicker . love
this is a great product if you use it regularly ... knowwhatimean ? yikes ! why is it so hard to get men to develop new routine's ? :-)
didn't like the color but since i ordered it i used it until it began to come apart from its tube base .
this is for the health purpose of body brushing and i love this one because it is a bit softer than the other one i bought and it is small
it's cute still have to work it with the plates but again only problem i had was the packaging it was just in a box
uses this daily and so far , i am happy with it . whether it works remains to be seen .
i use the yellow antibacterial bars for the dry summer months and these white antibacterial bars for the winter . it is moisturizing and smells good too .
opi great nail polish ! love this brand , will continue to use in the future . this is a great color for french manicure !
so now i have all of ms hilton fragrances .. this being my most recent purchase ... i think it is the best one ... last long aslo
it takes many coats to get to a color slightly close to the picture . otherwise it is really not pretty .
arrived two weeks early . they are ok for the price . good size for small nails . doesn't seem like 3000 , but it's not a big deal .
didnt really need all of this but im glad i bought them . i like the product really havent tried any other
really good on dry hair . i use this as a conditioner and sometimes as a co-wash . it is very thick and smells great .
this item was a gift and was well received however , a second purchase probably will not be made with this exact color scheme .
i improved so much my makeup , that i'm having so much more dates.my friends are impressed how professional my eyes makeup look .
i have used all of the colors in this set and they work great . just make sure the base polish is completely dry before applying .
it has deeper colors than the photo , but they are richer than normal eyeshadow colors for this price . its really lovely .
the price was right , and the different sizes convenient for decorating nails . bought for my daughter who seems to like them well enough .
i recomend this item , when i get it and try it i love it so much , you should get one .
the best conditioner period the end its the best simply amazing it smells so so so delicious leaves my hair super soft
i am 51 and still get breakouts . the obagi system helps clear it up faster and makes my skin smoother and brighter
feels refreshing im not sure if its evening my skin tone yet but i love the smell and it does remove left behind dirt well .
this is really loved as all the colors look so real . it is a hard plastic and it have long durability
at first i bought these for myself , i loved them so much i bought another set as a prize for a nail art contest im having
these are absolutely perfect for perfume to travel with & i use them for my roll on cosmetic lines ... thin serums or liquids .
look and last very long , super nice , use it in my new shop , customers love it ! , i will be ordering more soon .
this perfume smells like sexy cotton candy . i love it . it's the best fragrance i've bought in a long time .
it very greate nothin bad to say and i love how the top swirls when u do art designs but is very good
smells good feel clean easy to get on and off and priced very well and big bottle perfect combo all around
shampoo worked well to clean wig and remove wig spray . i used on both synthetic and human hair wigs . i would recommend .
great price . good for healing the body , great for hair softening and highly recommend this brand . also get the wool cloth
i love tree hut's products . they work wonderfully . if you want to smell good and have soft skin , i truly recommend their products .
i like very much loreal as a brand quality presentation results and price . i add now the serum and the results are more thani expected .
this one is a great-sexy-smell , ladies you will love this smell on your boyfriend , husband , or lover . i give it 5 stars !
expensive mousse that leaves the hair fluffy stringy and undefined . it is curly girl approved though , but there are others that work better .
very good product ! helps rejuvenate skin to look more awake and vitamin c is all the rage for skin these days . the texture is smooth and creamy .
i love these mini polishes kleancolor is magical one coat and your finished.also very high shine factors.great quality for any nail art or alone .
the store i used to get this at in the haight closed down ... stupid rent hikes ! glad i found it here :)
this was a gift for my sister she love painting her face as i say , she really like it ! it has so many colors !
used the whole bottle but did not see the significant result as others . will not but it again . was not worth it .
finally i found the perfect one ! i love how it looks , perfect for all day long , won't rub off .. just excellent ! :) '
these are really nice rhinestones all the same size . they are nicely packaged with a really nice case to hold the stones . i would buy it again
couldn't believe when it says ill get it tomorrow ! i have this palette n ordered another since my other one got used up
love them now i can do my flowers and lil dots on my nails much easier when doing nail art .
this product left my hair in a knotted mess & very dull . almost impossible to get comb in hair . really disappointed .
great wipes . it inremoves your makeup easily . doesn't leave residue feeling on face . great for everyday use . sensitive skin friendly .
i really like it and i feel bad to use it since it's so cute . it's very strong and well done stuff . i am happy with it .
this was a large pack and the smell and lather is unbelievable . i love it and i would love to get this deal again !
used it for 1 week didnt notice any color actually lost color i dont recommend this product jwoww has the best bronzing lotion
it was easy to apply love it work great .. the service was great it look like a had my nails done at that nail place .
a little goes a long way . it absorbs into your skin instantly and leaves it feeling and looking great ! it is a must have .
i've tried a number of concealers and this is one of the better ones . it does a good job of covering blemishes . highly recommend !
this is a nice lightly scented body butter . it smells awesome and makes my skin feel very soft without being greasy . i love this stuff .
all of the brushes are amazing and are great for the environment ! comes in a nice case for traveling . great buy !
a little top heavy unless over half full . pump works great . i use it professionally on a regular basis .
i can't wait to test the diva d'or derma roller and will be posting my results shortly !
this topcoat is amazing . holds my 3d nail art on and doesn't come off . staple product . had bought two extra so i don't run out !
ordered for my daughter . came in when they said they would . she is very excited about doing her and her friends nail .
even though i don't need these very often , they are great to have on hand for clients that want a french tip manicure fast !
i believe this was my 3rd tangle teezer purchase . i've already done reviews for my other purchases . nothing beats a tangle teezer on long hair .
i bought this based on a review from a website . i was very pleased with the quality and color . it goes on light and does not streak .
i love these perfect various sizes these allow me to have the perfect pedi while i grow out my toes ! will reorder when its time !
bought this just for the buffing brush , the rest are just added bonuses ! love all of these brushes , they all work just amazingly .
this comb is a blessing if your hair does not have a relaxer . makes blow drying easy , quick and manageable .
this shampoo is wonderful . i live in a home with well water which makes my natural silver hair yellowish . pantene silver expressions shampoo , removes that yellowishness .
this is a good heat protected for your hair , if you like to flate iron your hair which i do once every 6 month , a must have .
nothing special , it is a bit heavy and feels oily on my skin but might be the right thing for someone with dry skin .
everyone should own one of these . i use it right after i take a hot shower and it works magic ! ! !
looks really big , my hair is medium length and it doesn't work ... i guess i'll grow it out . btw , it's made out of this mushy material
very sturdy implements good for the price since i replace every 3 months worth the cost . very satisfied with them
excellent exfoliator and facial cleanser . no need to scrub ; just gently rub in circular motion over wet face and neck . good price too !
these are perfect size and come with gold and silver . i inlay them under gel and they look great for 3d art .
i love the color , it is so fairy . i love the sparkles and the shimmers ! am glad i purchased it !
i love this product ! ! i have suffered with ezcema for years , and this soap really soothes my skin . would highly recommend this product .
amazing blend really nice good quality keep it up recommend it hold the product really good and also very smooth and blend great
i have patches of eczema on my hands which mostly all other soaps / detergents irritate . this does not make it worse .
it is a good color , but the shade is a bit more reddish purple then the pictures . it also seems a bit on the thin side .
it a wig cape what do i have to say it stay on my head and what now im try to use more words
suuuper cheap and lots of rhinestones . how can you go wrong with this deal ? haha i love them for nails
this is a good product but it is so thin that it rips very easily and is only good for three wears at the most .
its sally hansen .. what more needs to be said ? it is a great product and very long wearing without chipping . i will purchase again .
i should have listen to the other reviews , this mitt is junk , it slides on your hand as you are trying to apply the tanner .
this is the second order i have placed for this product . i am very happy with it and look forward to a facial improvement
horrible don't waste your money ! item did not work .. better off buying those donut hair things .. never again
i have been looking for this and i love it , great price , great product and graet timing got it just in time as promissed .
no need to purchase , it does not help . in fact it makes more of a mess . it was cheap so that is good .
i absolutely love this color ! it's the same color they have in the salons and i couldn't be more happy with it ! perfect for summer !
i bought this as a gift . my friend loved it . i will try it for myself in the future ! she said her skin looked amazing !
this moisturizer is very lgithweight and not greasy at all ! it hydrates your skin and provides needed antioxidants . skin looks very healthy ! !
exquisite fragrance for men , its aroma is citrusy and woodsy at the same time , fresh and very durable taps on the skin .
i like the color . its not as bold as what i was looking for but it was a nice settle gold to my eyes .
i use this for beauty so i can't talk about food quality of the product . it works well and i'm happy .
yes it's small but the colors in this palette are gorgeous ! silky pods of beautiful colors . blends beautifully . i'm definitely ordering the other sets .
very bright color mesh well with dark color . i love these shades ... must have if you like bright colors
not bad but not great . being used to neutrogena products i was a little off ! however , it is a face cream reasonably priced and rather good .
i gave these as a christmas gift , and they were a hit . these are very lovely nail polish . i recommend them .
not a good nail buffer at all ... they even tried sending me a replacement one but it wasn't any better not worth it at all
this are great takes some time to get the size you want som practice with the ones you don't really like ! ! the price is also great ..
this was a present for my niece , se loved it and said that they worked well and was very happy with them .
i purchased this because i bought the day cream and i really like this product . it's not heavy on the skin and doesn't leave a greasy feeling
this honestly did not work for me . i used the two bottles and still my eyelashes did not grow . wouldn't buy it again .
i use this tool to help put on my false lashes . it helps i really like it . the price was nice as well .
this glitter polish is great , it adds that something special to your nails . it gives your nails have that zing .
dark circles were my enemy . now they are fading due to this serum . i can't hardly believe it . this actually works !
great deal . got a few doubles but they seem to be different sizes and they were good designs so i am happy . even got a few extra .
i love this eye pencil . it doesn't smear , it washes off easily but stays put all day . i have been using it for over a decade .
when people say these are like mannequin hand color nails so right on there are very natural look up swatches on line pretty .
a great unscented bart that mosturizes . i am alergic to everthing and this works great for me and my husband
it's a good primer that seems to keep make-up on for a while . it also doesn't cause break outs which i appreciate .
this is a quality brand , the conditioner works very well and it smells pleasant.will update the review as needed , but so far so good .
i have been using this product for years ... it is a good moisturizer and have always been happy with it . my mom used it before me .
not bad . definitely does what it's supposed to do . i use it every morning for evening out my eyebrows when i fill them in
brushes have a slight smell but other than that its super cute luv this item i would totally recommend this product to all the girly girl like me
i love this product because it is light . i don't feel any greesy or oily in my face.it doesn't clog my pore or causes any break out.great price also
this is amazing , i have conbination skin and it works very well with the cleanser . i have been telling everyone how great this is
if you have long thick hair like i do this hair styler is not for you ! it just can't hold a lot of hair .
i like this concealer but i bought it to go around theeyes and it doen't cover as well there .
nyx auto eyebrow pencil dark brown is wonderful , i love it . easy to put on and looks great . the brush is just a added bonus .
it's a sealer like shea butter . nothing special though i wouldn't purchase it again .
this is a fine fragrance that i wear when i get all dressed up but it can be worn anytime .
pros : absorbs quicklynon-greasythickcheapcons : unpleasant smell after a minute of initial wonderful coconut aroma - smells like ... tar or somethingdoesn't really moisturize well
totally sold on this and i don't usually like expensive makeup . winner.will continue using this even though it's more expensive than drug store stuff .
works well around my eyes , crows feet and mouth area . for best results i use it an extra time during the day .
this stuff makes your skin feel like silk.it makes your foundation come on even . and the foundation stays on all day with this.good delivery too !
this mask is amazing , as well as most products from alte ego on my opinion . again works wonders on straighten hair like mine :)
these will be so cute on nails ! i haven't used them yet , but i was happy with how they looked when i received them .
a nice gift for a women . it could be used by any women and make their eyes more sexy and lovely
i like the performance and the texture but the fragrance was not really what i expected . the sweet almond mint is much better .
this is definitely not new , the cover is broken , the product is totaly not new . i really don't want to buy this product again !
lightweight makeup.color as appears ( pretty fair ) . container is a bit heavy but there is a moderate amount of makeup inside .
after i started using natural product for my nail , they are growing nice and strong . this smells very good and it's a great nail massage oil
took forever to get here but it works fine and helps keep your hair up and the price was good .
absolutely amazing . highly pigmented , you only need the tiniest amount to do your entire face . the colors run a little light but are blendable
will buy more from ecotools . these are small but i like them because i have small hands .
i don't what to say . tried one and get rid of the rest of them . totally wasting money .. so disappoint ! ! no good
it gave my thighs bad reaction , broke out in rashes , i don't see anything good about it . it works for others not me .
this product works as well as the name-brand one . i have had no problems with it and my hair growth is very good .
i have not used a better hot roller set ! very pleased ! my curls last all day without even using hairspray ! ! !
i like it very much , it really hydrates my skin , make it more supple and plump up .
i like that my face isn't all shiny . this new matte sunblock is great ! it glides on smoothly over and under make up
i had high hopes for this product but it was disappointing in terms of the promised results . won't buy again .
it is very itchy , i have only used it a couple times , and now it is banished to a box somewhere . i am disappointed .
this 85 % lactic acid really works for aging , sensitive skin . i use it twice a week and boy does my skin look good .
they are exactly what the picture shows . some thing aren't what the picture is . they shipped well . they also are shine when the sun hits them .
glides on smoothly and very very pretty color it drys really quick to its amazing and true to its word
the glue is hard to apply and does not hold very well . i do like how it is black , but it isn't very sticky .
this is great . it works just as it's supposed to . i did not notice any chipping as the other reviews said .
only need a tiny bit to apply to face and neck . unlike others i've used , makeup goes on afterward evenly and easily . i will buy again .
all this does is smash the comedone deeper into my skin . ouch , that hurts ! i wish i'd saved my money .
these are perfect for nails ! so many designs can be done if you have the imagination . i will be back for more of these .
i am 24 and i get so many compliments on this stuff . its a very sexy distinct smell . my absolute favorite :)
this product was not what i expected . they were unreal and they were not easy to apply . i tried bending them with no success
this has my hair shiny and smelling great . i also use this on my damp hair after i shampoo and it controls the frizz .
the scent is sexy ! smells like cinnamon sugar and good enough to eat . men go wild over this perfume ! it's also very long lasting .
this brush works well and its just the right size , sturdy , and durable . not sure if itcomes in other colors , this pink is nice .
i got all of them and there shiny ! they are just as pretty of colors as in the picture . you will not be dissapionted .
it is very conditioning and doesn't dry out your hair . it works well but i have my own solution that i use .
like this product helps with my concealer jst to small next time need to buy two or see tgey sell bigger bottle
i've been using it to straighten my hair a few times a week and it's been working good . it works great for the price .
it looks really good and blends in with my actual eyebrows . it's exactly how i wanted it to work and i'll definitely be buying more of these .
after a while the back ( which is made of bamboo ) broke and splintered all over my carpet wont buy this again
it's perfect to do nail art but the paint on the brush comes off if acetone or nail polish remover gets on it
nice moisture for winter when my combo skin gets dry . it doesn't leave skin shiny either that's important to me .
feels like it's really protecting and nourishing my hair . i will definitely buy this stuff again . tried a few products but this one works best .
good for soaking offer nail art jewels and polish acetone proof great stability and holds enough acetone to remove all polish lawyer .
natural usually blends with most light or tan skin tones and this one is perfect it comes with a sponge and a mirror ! would definitely buy again
softer than expected , material better than expected , color better than expected , over all good product for a reasonable price . love em !
this body wash is a great value . the price is low and it smells good . furthermore , it has a good scent and lathers pretty well .
the only problem was that it did not fit on my dryer . otherwise , itwould have been fine and i could have used it .
love my clairsonic and glad i found the replacement brushes here for less than the store or ordering from them .
i ordered this product on accident , thinking it was the face scrub.it isn't a bad product , but nothing special , and definitely not worth the price .
works on all brands and types of polishes - saved many of my older polishes that i could not use anymore !
these did the job , but seemed to pull out my hair more than other ones that i have used . probably wont buy again .
it looks gray or green depending on the light . very nice with olive skin but may be a bit harsh is you have fair skin ,
love my disc for my pmd , they really do help my skin and my complexion a lot . i have seen a huge difference .
pretty and looks great on lips lined delicately with black . nice for a dramatic look or if you just want to be different .
this is one of my favorite scents of all time . it's very light and fresh . the scent lasts all day .
i really like this product , it covers well . maybe too well , it took a few scrubs to get it off .
way to dark for my coloring ! not happy at all with the purchase . cant return because its used . buyer beware
our teenage daughter loved this product and said this is what she needed for the many nail brushes she owns .
grate price for what it said it is and look forward to working with it in my new makeup trunk .
this is a good cover cream.it covers all dark spots and makes your face to glow.it is a non oily cream . i will recommend it to a friend .
the fine thin hairs work very well and cleans up easy without falling out . i'm glad that i bought them .
i've been using this product for a very long time and it is amazing ... however , i suggest that if you purchase that it is fulfilled by amazon .
nothing extraordinary . lasts a long time , but does clump a bit . though i don't think i would buy this again honestly .
i am very loyal to using dermalogica so the toner is an important key to making sure your skin is clean after washing and it really does the job .
i've always used an old ( 30 + years ) maybelline brow brush to tame my brows but i like this much better because the wand is longer .
i love this body lotion as it feels great and lasts throughout the day without having to be reapplied . doesn't leave a greasy film .
i have used many eye shadow primers and this is one of my favorites . it goes on silky smooth and makes the shadow last all day .
small jar . great moisturiser for hair and scalp . has a slight smell but nothing overpowering . the texture is grainy but melts when rubbed between hands .
this is super easy to use and comes in handy when you need to do your hair quickly or even for a night out .
it used to be so wonderful . they changed manufacturing plant & formula . watery substance , hair is falling out ! shame on you !
this does the same job as any volumizing mousse in a drugstore . like suave . i was disappointed because it was quite expensive .
i have been using this everyday with a really good cleanser and i am very sorely disappointed for the black head large pore promise that this would help .
it irritates my skin and it dries really rough . my false eyelashes don't stay on long with this product at all .
i broke out in redness and itchiness after using this for a couple of nights . i did not like it at all . disappointed .
i like this lotion - only prob is that it took me a few times to master the amount . results were worth the effort !
lovely pale pink color as described , smooth texture . came it sealed package which is good .. creamy and stays on so well .
gorgeous color for cooler months ... looks good on anybody ... just make sure to wear a liner as it tends to feather and / or bleed .
tried this on my face and neck but have not noticed any improvement in my skin ; maybe my expectations were too high .
this really helps with blow drying my hair straight and eliminating frizz . i liked it so much i got one for my sister .
i use this primarily to smudge out my bottom lash line for that smoked out look . great brush ! highly recommend !
this lotion helps heal those super dry hands and arms . it works great for living out in the desert . i love it .
after reading the disclaimer that it is known to cause cancer . haven't used it yet because i'm too afraid ! !
this is most certain going to be a repurchase when i run out ! i love this product it goes on my skin so effortlessly .
all real techniques brushes so far i purchased are great editions to my collections , they are very soft and smooth . apply cosmetics very well . great brushes .
love argan oil products ! ! ! they work great for any type of hair , leaving you with nice soft and great smelling hair !
i have been using youth code for a year . i like it so much i now have my husband using it too !
these things are really great for getting makeup off . another thing about them is that they are pretty cheap . f
unbelieveable price and quality all the brushes are of good quality and they are very easy to use and clean
love the vaporizer ! very good and softens the skin of the entire face . i absolutely recommend it ! god bless you
this matches all of my other luggage ! it was a great investment ! sturdy and beautiful . i recommended this.to everyone ! zebra print with purple trimming !
my wife loves the scent , to me it's not an overwhelming smell but you know it is there . not an attention getter either ... imo
these are very cute and pretty colors ! ! i'm very happy with these ... i bought them awhile ago and its still good ..
i use this serum before applying my tinted moisturizer and it blends in softly and thin , yet you can really feel it working
after my first use .. this iron is fire ! ! ! my hair looks sleek and shiny . i hope this iron last a long time :)
i used this cream and did not see any changes in my skin at all . waste of money and time .
she loves the selection of the wide array of colors . she says that the colors are very long lasting and of good quality .
how many colours ! the ratio the price quality suits me ) the pencil soft well lays down on an eye contour , fine color is steady also
i like the effect caviar nails gives me , but i was wishing the containers to be a bit bigger ; however i still like them
5 stars great product this is the only nail polishthat i buy . great.yes , i would tell you to buy
good set for the nail kit , some of the tips are the same size not 10 different sizes , will do the job and work well
i love the scent of lemon ; i use this in my homemade bathroom fragrance to spray in the toilet ; it leaves a clean smell .
this acrylic nail clipper does exactly what its supposed to do . it clipps through the products without a problem . i would recommend it to anyone .
its perfect for under eyes but i also use it at eyelid primer before i put eye shadow on . love the creamy ness and it doesnt crease :)
it is gentle . you can feel after 3 seconds that it is working . it reveal fresh layer of the skin . great product .
smooth face with no oily residue , i would buy it again . hope that they start making it a little bigger though , cause for the price its tiny
it's a good product at a great price . it's moisturizing but not greasy . it has cow prints on it . i'd buy it again .
love this product . you have great choices of covering which is great whether you have a tan or not , it always matches perfectly
liked , suoer works well for common nails and gelish . good for this price . i recommend if you do not want to spend much money .
i like it but i expected it to be like a flat iron curler . it's a blow dryer curler instead .
this makes all the difference in my manicure ; it works exceptionally well . worth every penny . no smudges , no chips and dries the polish thoroughly .
this is an easy product to use and it seems to work very well in preventing your eye shadow from dreading .
my daughter used them for doing my nails and she said they works perfectly ! so i recommend for that !
it work will for the wig i have it is a good wig stand it is a great place to keeep the wig till it is need for use
i like this iron . it works well and has about 30 temperature settings , so you can tailor the temperature to your needs . would recommend .
this polish is really pretty but it is a little deceiving in the picture . it is really glitzy the silver glitter pieces are very large .
i really like this product.it worked well in cancun , i did not burn and it wasn'ttoo oily . left my skin soft and not dry .
makes your hair soft and shiny . also a lot of definition to my waves . will recommend this product in the future .
the color is washed out on my skin . i am tan with some reddish color to my skin and it just looked blah and washed out .
a good product for the price , the consistency of the paste is pretty thick and it leaves your hair shiny .
its great the colors look great on my eye and its easy to mix and match . thats the best part for my every day look !
these blushes are amazing and the colors are perfect . i am obsessed with makeup and this is a must have to have in my collection .
love the smell , love how it makes my hair feel nice and mositurized , just wish it was bigger , but overal i would repurchase .
my hair feels fresh and hydrated right after using this conditioner . but doesn't last too long . my hair feels dry again before the end of the day .
these are a solid set of dotting tools . they work and are cute . plus they were very inexpensive.works for me !
kind of difficult to use . the pimple popping side works great though ! i didn't find it very effective for blackheads
it smells like alphalpha and hay and menthol . it has a watery texture . it is a good moisturizer and absorbs quickly
although it's not at stuff as i would like for it to be it still gets the job done ! so glad i purchased it !
you can get stuff just as good for 80 % less at the drug store .
i'm new to the nail world so i was excited when i got these and the sizes are separated and numbered in their own bags !
this is loaded with toxic chemicals ! don't be fooled by the clever marketing . read the label and google the ingredients yourselves .
it didn't work for me .. it . burned my eyes ... didn't use it long enough to critique it's effectiveness . didn't like the feel of it ..
this is a great brush roll . if you are looking for one def . get this one bc it fits all brush sizes ! ! !
nobody likes fake reviews , and that's mainly what this product has . those giving it 5/5 have no review history besides the product in question .
super fast delivery . this pencil leaves great highlights that last all day . it is easy to use and a part of my daily routine .
good for my skin . i use the fade cream and it works perfectly well with it . i have recommended it to my friends .
great make up nice finish and covers well . perfect concealer and in the right shade - perfect make up for around the nose
anyone will love this thin easy to apply moisturizer that comes with the added bonus of spf 50 . keps skin soft and supple .
i love st . ives products that i've tried but this cream tends to irritate my face a little so i use sparingly with a light touch when applying .
ive been using this mascara for years i love it , but the best thing is the price , delivered very quickly . i'm totally satisfied .
it works perfect and is just the right size , i am very glad i got it and it is so affordable too .
i used this twice a day , red and blue light , for 4 months . i didn't see any change in redness , acne , or fine lines .
absolutely fabulous ! this is a great product and the color is beautiful . would highly recommend . it is an easy application and color is vibrant and lasts .
it's super cute , but i didn't like the thick consistency and it doesn't seem like it's very effective at moisturizing .
best moisturizer in the market , leaves your hair healthy , moist and full of renewed life to dull or dry hair ! ! !
i love this primer ! for the price you cannot beat it ! makes my skin look flawless . i will definitely get this again !
love the brushes i love how it applys the makeup and i the color and wallet that it came in also love how fast it got here thank you ..
makes my face so soft after using , foams up nicely and smells good . makes me wash my face as often as i should .
this nyx eyebrow marker has a very fine tip and works well . the thicker pencil makes it easier to use .
i love hairdo , and this one is perfect to use it everyday ! ! ! very easy to use , and it looks amazing ! ! !
it fell off very easy to small ! i wont buy again i prefer the ones at sallys ! much better : /
it was ok , seemed a but too scented to me for a face wash . it was a bit to perfumed for something i would use on my face
nice colors my daughter is crazy about the nail polish . i bought a lot with different colors . hours of fun ! ! !
it did softened my skin a little but did nothing for spots of my face . not the results i expected ,
this is the best nail kit i've ever purchased . i've purchased 3 more for family . great price , great delivery , great product !
being an adult and using this in a pinch , it works . nice slip and nice smell , if you're a apple lover !
these worked just as we'll as others i have paid more for . the case is great too as it keeps all the colors separated !
excellent odor with excellent hydration . dove body wash seems to be one of the best around . as always , use subscribe and save plus coupons ! ! !
these are smaller than i thought these would be . they work fantastic for the price and i love them :)
i really like this product ! i am so glad that i found out about this product .
for the price this is a quality soap . it has a very nice smell and last about the same as other soaps of similar quality
i love this color ! it is so perfect ! just the right amount of pink . i love all shades of pink though !
my sister bought this tool for me . it makes a french tip a breeze and i love that it has the dotting tool as well .
this brush left my hair sooo soft and silky i was in love ! definitely made of fine material and worth the money .
this item wasn't very pigmented and didn't match my skin well . the highlighter was too shimmery and yet didn't show up well . i returned the item
haven't had an opportunity to use the refills yet ... guess they shouldn't be any different than the ones that came with the roller .
i like this bonder but it doesnt work as good as i would have hoped it would . i ended up buying another type and it worked much better .
file does a great job of keeping nails neat and smooth . can't believe a little file packs such a big punch .
i love all of shany's brushes . this one is great ! it applys your foundation with a nice even airbrush finish which i love !
the line is really fine and the pen is easy to use but this dried out within a week . and i always put the cap back on tightly .
i love the colors the only thing is the light pink stars do not match the other ones they are circle and not pointed but not a big deal !
my daughter loves it . it works well on her hair , she can use it every day and it smells great ( like strawberries ) .
i just wish it would stay all day ... i work 12 hours shifts and by the end of my day the affects have gone
stays on lips with a little frosty color . i buy 4 different shades and blend them together so that i don't need to buy every color lipstick .
this shampoo is awesome ! it makes my hair feel so great after just one use , i have my daughters and friends using it now .
love this ... use it every day and am already a repeat purchaser . gives a dewy finish and any dry feeling you have disappears .
the brushes are amazing . high quality and stylish looking . i really felt like i got my $ worth with these .
high quality nail tips & comes with 10 different sizes to fit any nail beds ( took a month to ship )
they are sooo tiny , they always lift and ... that's more than enough complicated problems already for when your doing nails !
after having this sigma kabuki brush for about 6 months , one day the entire brush head fell off of the handle
only the first layer works some how ... creamy glitters ... not what i waited for ... you can not wear them a long time maybe just for photo shooting
these didn't hold very well , didn't work as i would have expected . but i don't usually use curlers ... so maybe it's just me .
i used this to lighten the hyperpigmentation from having pimples and i noticed results just from one usage ! highly recommend this product .
guess by marciano is a perfect purchase if you want to give an awesome present for christmas ! go get it now !
this is okey but if you can buy much cheaper in any local store , it would be fine too , nothing special :)
i purchased these for my nails . i would recommend these if you like to work on your nails . they look great !
it does help with stopping the shininess to the eyelid and then helps the eyeshadow go on smooth and stay in place ! nice !
works just as well as expected . my hair is really thin but but this still works out just fine for my use .
this is my seconed sigma brush , i'm impressed with this because i bought two sigma's but i find the quality of this is better
my 10 year old loves the colors of these nail polishes . seems to hold up well and not peel to easily .
this product worked well and did what it was supposed to . i would buy it again the next time i need some .
after using for about 4 weeks now , my skin is brighter and softer along my face and neck . good product .
this product works together with the skin moisturizer as well . can be used as a skin lightner for all over , not just for your face .
this is a really good hair treatment . i use it about once a week and really like how my hair feels when i'm done .
nice gentle yet effective serum . i like the sea kelp ingredient . eye area seemed firmer . thanks :)
cute headband but the metal is rock , tough , and thought . kind of gives me a head ache when i wear it . what a shame .
i like this item very much , easy to take and easy to control , that's exactly what i want to use in my daily life
gucci women's gucci premiere eau de parfum natural spray really smells great and has strong staying power.my wife really liked it and i will order again .
excellent make-up if one does not have good hand , is very soft and easy to use , i love i can delineate perfectly my eyes on different styles
works amazing and turns anything into matte . plus the bottle is soo cute . i dont recommend using it with anything sparkly because it looks awful .
this was a very good product but i did not like it as much as the rest of the elf products and i cannot sincerely say why .
this facial oil is perfect for my face not greasy goes on smoothly . i love the smell of this facial oil and the lightness of it .
this is the only eye makeup remover i use . doesn't burn or leave a coating of oil on my eyeballs . will always continue to repurchase ...
it deemed biggger to me on picture display but its still nice . can hold my little perfumes and deodorant . it's nice . nice purchase .
love this set . the only thing is that the pink side caves in and i have to readjust it every time i between stamping .
our makeup artistes wanted false lashes for special occasion makeup sessions . we found these and have been very happy with them .
another wonderful color from the china glaze cirque collection . a very vibrant almost neon pink . this is a definite must have .
took a little while to get this but this is a great conditioner for blonde hair . a little expensive but well worth the money .
very good nail files and will last a long time ! ! ! my nails hardly break anymore .
like the title , it is very easy to use . i use the thickest one for lines , and the smallest for minor details , like touch-ups .
this pallet is perfect . it has all the colors a girl who's just getting into makeup needs ! just the right amounts of mattes and shimmers .
i really like this . it does make the nails stronger . i only use it two times a month though because it has formaldehyde in it .
i've been using this for about a month especially on my neck which has the most prominent wrinkles but haven't noticed much improvement .
i didn't see any positive result after i finished all . my skin color is an olive-yellow skin tone and dry .
this scrub is wonderful . i have very dry skin and this keeps my skin feeling soft and doesn't make it feel dry .
seemed to work but it is way too expensive to keep using it . i would have to buy 2 bottles a month . there are shampoos that work better
i had higher hopes for this , not horrible but i wouldn't get it again . i just didn't see much of a difference from using it .
it's cheap compare to other eyelashes that are out there , but it's not very natural looking when i use it .
heard about these from missjenfabulous . no more cotton fibers stuck to my nails , even gets glitter off . worth the little extra money .
this is the only mascara use . i like that it isn't clumpy and like the applicator . i will continue using this product .
i don't consider my skin delicate or over sensitive but this brush is way too rough for me to use for dry brushing
i recently purchased the product and i really do love them . the holds my hair in place and doesn't stretch out . really enjoyed this product .
my daughter spends a lot of time on her hair . she states the is her favorite king , i even went out and bought myself some .
love it i always use it love the foxy color looks so good stays all day must buy had it for a year
works well to help me sew the extensions and clips together , the needles are easy to handle , no dislikes at all !
for the price it does its job . the consistency is a bit weird , you have to rub it in good . very small jar though .
definitely works ! also it smells amazing ! ! ! i will continue to use this until i complete the length i'm seeking ! ! love this stuff .
i absolutely love this set of shampoo and conditioner . it has made my hair so soft and manageable . i will definitely be purchasing again .
i bought it for my sister who is twenty four years old . she noticed a big difference after using it for one week .
no shedding , the makeup goes on nicely and i'm really happy with this purchase ! i would let a lot know about these wonderful brushes !
i already try the other mask of beauty diary but this one is really working good ! i am so glad i order this than the other one .
i am impressed ! this product looks and performs at the space the manufacturers said that it would . my hands are youthful again at a very low cost .
i have been using gelish by harmony for a few years now and this soak off gel is the best on the market !
it is wonderful . as a nail biter it helped heal and stimulate my cuticles
very good implement ... happy with this purchase i would buy this again . i shop on amazon for everything and think they are great !
contains vitamin c that really dries your skin out . my dermatologist recommends using vaseline around the eyes . so so much cheaper !
what can i say - it just workes like they promised to.my wrinkles didn't magically disappear but they are getting smaller .
this really helps with aches and pains that come from being on your feet all day and working hard . it helps the muscles relax .
shampoo is ok , but , the conditioner is less than so-so.brunette is even more expensive than the blonde or red.my teen girls didn't like it
i got this in petal rebel . it's a great lipstick . it really is as buttery as everyone says it is .
expected this to be larger even though the weight listed . is more a travel size , but the product is great .
the product is excellent . it is the second one that i buy . very good price and good product . my dermatologist recommended .
i love this because i barely have any eye lashes . it combs and colors to thicken at the same time - good price
odorless , but very thick and good for moisture . i also use in hair products . i think it works perfectly as a humectant .
omg ! great alternative to my mac liner . i would purchase again . i love it because it goes on smoothly and doesn't smear like mac .
this product does the job but is a little thicker than i prefer . i'll probably go back to my old vendor who sells a thinner viscosity primer .
after two months using this cream , i have not seing any results . i am moving to a different product .
finally , a good cheap sharpener . i need to order another one for as long as it took me to get one .
this looks great so far . i haven't used it yet . it is exactly what i was looking for . i hope to try it out soon !
good value . i'm new to cutting my own hair . these scissors are extremely sharp . i am very impressed with this pair .
love morroccan oil products . have used several different ones and am never disappointed . they are cheap but worth it in my opinion .
very nice opaque color . covers in 1 coat even over red or bright colors . cures well . no issues . better deal than at sally's
i didn't really expect much but this is great . very gentle but really smothes and blends wonderfully . don't hesitate . just get it .
i had higher hopes with reading other reviews , but it does work okay on thin coats of polish , not between coats though .
i used this for new years and for christmas i got so many compliments and i just love these colors together
just got the konad stamping set and some plates im not a professional but it isn't hard konad plates are really nice
another lipstick that is one of my favorites i can wear it as is or mix it . it's gorguse either way !
it didn't do much for me it is just good moisturizing cream type lotion as far as firming goes nothing .
came fast good price still have not tried them , still trying to see how to work them but so far what i read sounds good .
it's normal aquaphor , just in an easy-apply container . it's great lip and skin repair and i never go anywhere without it .
i really like red cherry lashes they're the best ! they're real human hair so the look natural . plus they're very reasonably priced .
i was looking for the perfect brush for my gel liner this brush gives the perfect line.good quality brush . the shipping was fast and the packaging came intact .
some needles are longer than others and when i roll it it makes such a loud squeaking sound . i had high hope for this ):
these are an excellent set of brushes . this was a great deal because there were so many sizes and shapes . the price and shipping were both perfect !
not the best . most of color washes off in the shower next day . smells great , not streaky . not much of a color payoff .
husband loves this product . easy to use and easy on skin . helps keep skin clear and husband likes to prevent razor bumps after shaving .
over rated too cheap you need a base with these colors light and deceptive a brown looks purple .
i use this as a base for perfume on my pulse points . it gives my perfume a little oomph . good , light , sweet / smoky smell .
it's not the best eye treatment . i would buy it if it were on clearance though . other than that , i would pass .
this polish was pretty in the bottle but quite sheer on the nail . it required a few coats to look substantial and had a long drying time
this facial mask is awesome . it does provide enough moisturizer . i feel very comfortable after apply . my skin was like refreshed . definitely recommend this product !
works perfectly i love it a lot easy to use manicure at home better then in many many salons that i have around me
these caps are large and are well-made . plastic is thin but strong . the elastic is quite nice and stretchy too .
my face is looking amazing ! i'm so happy i got this and that it's working so well . fully intend to buy more when i need it .
i like these alot and wear the black one almost every day ! i am looking to sharing the complements i have gotten on the black one very much .
i use moroccan oil and to be honest i seem to like that better but this works well . just depends on what your hair is like .
yuck ! ! this does not wash off easy , even with eye makeup remover there are still chunks left on my lashes ! ! not worth it ! !
such a great concealer for blemishes & under eye . would definitely recommend . such a great price and doesn't irritate my skin which is a huge plus !
arrived on time . got this great smelling perfume for a reasonable price . i would definitely recommend this product and will be purchasing again .
so many designs to chose from ! easy to use and do ! nice collection to add to my collection of plates .
this is a very simple root touch up ! wish there was a little more in the bottle but over all did a good job !
will definitely put them to uses can't wait to use them on my family and friends already have people want me to do there nails
really soft , except for the powder and blush brushes not so soft , amazing complete set with a good pice . i believe it really worths it
i use these all the time . i am very happy with my purchase . i would absolutely recommend these to anyone .
i bought this as a gift for my friend and she really loves it . i really like the price . its a good perfume for a reasonable price .
they are very good for very fine hair . they hold the hair without having to tie them too tight . good buy
its alright , skin feels clean and smooth as it should after using a decent scrub . not much of a scrub , more like a soapy facial cleanser .
this product is great and smells so so good i love the out come of it and it leaves my skinfeeling so moist . love it ...
great product my daughter love this too much .. its nice one .. everything is nice .. we will refer to friends & family too : thanks hp
my husband and i both use this . it ' wonderful after a long day of work and commuting , and the little case keeps it nice .
works just as it says it does . makeup stays on all day and does not make the makeup smear . i like it alot .
perfect for my hair . they also haven't lost any of their springyness even though i play with them all the time . i like them .
i tried this hair lotion out but it was just awful . it made my hair feel awful and greasy . i wouldnt recommend buying this hair lotion .
i love this product , but just can't afford to buy it since the bottle is small and product runs out fast .
the colour is very nice and it is very cheap . i want to try different colour makeup products . i will buy another products in the same brand .
best stuff ever . i will always use this top coat . drys so fast . glad i bought two whole bottles . :)
this is a fairly deep sett smell just like roses and that be a true dark tea eoses i would have 2 rate it 3 1/2 to 4
great for under-eye circles . i seriously have horribly dark undereyes , and this covers them well without creasing like other under-eye products .
i do like this scent but using it to burn for home along with orange , do wish they made a home use for burning scent ,
it's a bit light in color so you really have to build it , but that's better than it being too bright !
these are ok . nothing to write home about . they hold up about average . overall i probably would buy again as a cheap throwaway razor .
i ordered this and got this but it was not full all the way ! so , that was a little disappointing .
love the brush - the brush pads wear out so quickly though . i've always wanted to try microdermabreasion , and this is a great first try .
i use palmer's cocoa butter lotion but wanted something a bit lighter to use intermittently . i absolutely love this product and find the spray to be very convenient !
nice product . i've been using shea butter type of products for years due to my dry skin . this is long lasting and easily absorbed .
i love this product ! lid is a plus for the liquid i use to do nails . i would recommend this glass to anyone !
this is one of my favorite colors and it really is nice and shiney , unlike some i have recently purchased from another company .
came in on time , they are cute and i love wearing them . beautiful colors , the rhinestone stayed in place , and i get tons of compliments
i do like , just wish it was in a case and not in bags other than that there good could be a little thinker .
very good quality ! i love how they come in different sizes and colors ! ! ! i really love them very nice ! ! great material 😀
i have thick hair and found these difficult to get around my hair more than twice , which is too lose to keep a good pony tail for me .
i wouldn't go without topping of my nails without this . it has and keeps a beautiful nail shine for weeks !
this conditioner is amazing ! it made my thick curly hair soft and manageable . it has a very nice scent . i will be buying more for sure !
great for night makeup and easy to control . im on my second pallet and each on my pallets last 4-6 months .
i use this before i get spray tanned . works like a charm for exfoliation . i use it with my regular oil of olay body wash .
this has a nice clean smell to it and cleans my make-up brushes . i'd recommend this product . especially compared to other products with a higher price tag .
cant just use a little gotta go big . need for making different colors . clear realy brings out the bling of the designs .
it interest me that there is 2 different color in one shadow , probably that's how it gives the multi effect . i'm looking forward in trying this .
what can i say ? it's a nice hairbrush . the hand is a nice size and shape and the natural bristle to plastic bristle ratio is perfect .
this mascara flakes more than other kinds i have . it also makes my eyelids itch . i won't be purchasing again .
for the price , these definitley were worth the money . i've only used them a fewe times , but they work great .
gorgeous set of brushes in a handy pouch to keep them organized and clean . can't beat the price - i stocked up to have extras !
not quite as good as aveena ( sp ? ) for defining curls but it will do for the money .. more economical and smells great !
just the right size for a person who wears glasses . curls easily , light weight . look very natural . i reused these .
face feels so smooth and so much clearer . something takes no time to use and feels great on face . love it
i haven't used it . i need to be more consistent but i get afraid of these products . if they don't work i would be disappointed .
hides chips and imperfections . goes with anything . strong gold sparkling shiny tones . good consistency . this is my third bottle ! sweet
i learned after i bought this that it is tested on animals , which i dislike greatly , so unfortunately i won't be buying it again .
i did not like this product , it felt no difference in my hair . i would not purchase again because it dose not work for me .
my brother had use it and comment that the product was great , but my unfortunately the product do not suit my skin .
caused bad acnee to me , didnt work plus it leaves a sticky feeling to your face . the smell is really bad too
i love nioxin products , and have for the past 24 years . this is no exception . cleans well , plus stops hair loss ( for me )
great product-the best for my skin , this is a great price-can't beat itlasts forever . i am going to buy more .
this sunscreen works great . it smells nice and is easy to use and seems to work great to protect our skin .
these are cute bigger than what it seems on the screen will sit off the nail some but that's okay it's in style !
i've used this conditioner for over a month and love it . since i color and relax my hair tends to be dry . this has helped a lot .
very big very nice very densegreat qualityi use it to apply a blush and to set my soundation with loose powder sometime worked very niclyno sheddingextra soft
it's too expensive for the amount you get and still haven't really figured out , " what's the point ? "
i love this mascara . i have used this for years . its truly a deep black and such a great product . thanks a bunch .
this stuff is great . amazing coverage , smells wonderful , never breaks me out.this is the best bb cream i have found by far .
really love this color ! opi never disappoints . plus , unlike some cheaper nail polishes , the brush reaches the bottom so you can use every last drop .
i love this product ! this stuff feels amazing and makes my skin feel so clean after using it . i definitely recommend it !
i tried this for my 5yo daughters wavy / curly thin hair . this product does not condition at all . its thin watery and and like scented water .
these brushes are great for nails it has every brush that you may need while you do your own nails .
very soft and light . no greasy effect . i just have to wait for 6 months to see if it reduces my daughter's stretch marks .
i love mac products and often purchase them at a discount on amazon . saves me a lot of money for a wonderful product . thanks !
this color is a light agua-like color . the picture seemed a little grey to me , but its brighter in person . gelish makes great products !
i got this to use for the loose powder that occassionally falls for my eyelods during makeup application . works great and was a great price too !
i love my hair straight and this product helps me a lot . it makes blow drying easier and quicker and it only takes a small amount for that .
it smell very good . just like i like it to smell on me . and i recommend it to anyone who would love to wear it .
its flexible and large and has a loop to hang this comb on a hook . cheap and a great buy .
it works . i use it in wet hair and it dries without frizz . will absolutely continue to buy this product .
color was perfect package was to big so wasnt happy with that but other then that it was fine ty
can't be wrong to purchase this size toner . more efficient on cost . when i use it , i just pour it to lil ( travel ) bottle .
i love this hairspray its amazing . it leaves you hair with a nice hold but not a sticky hold !
girls love this . this is so fantastic . short of time , no problem , give this a chance and clean up is no-problem .
wish i could give this 0 stars . doesn't blend . as thick as cement . i'll keep using my $ 7 maybelline concealer thank you very much .
i could hardly wait to receive this and give it a try . one of the most disappointing products i have ever used . worthless .
this glue is very strong . so strong that it was actually a little bit harder to get off then i would have liked !
this is a great little gift set for a great price . i gave it as part of a gift to a friend and she loved it
love the colors and they stay on well . great price and lasts a long time . the color did not smear and stayed on all day .
it really didn't do anything for me . i quit using it after 2 weeks .. maybe it's for someone else but not me .
got this from a youtube reccommendation it def get the job done and i use it sometime to also prime my lids before applying eyeshadow
this is a great product and a good value for a night cream . works as well as some of the really expensive brands .
got it on time :) nothing broke looks good , thanks for the good exp shopping with u ! ! look forward to shopping again
i've used this product since i started having a brazilian blowout , and it still lives up to its performance whenever i use it .
this is a beautiful green and the matte finish is great - not too rough . a must have for any nail polish collection !
one of the most beautiful highlighter i've ever seen ! gorgeous ! just be careful with it a little goes a long way .
i love the gelish top it off polish . it's super shiny and very durable . i'm big fan of the gelish product line .
this oil is ok . i've had better brands . it's a little to heavy for my liking bcuz i don't like weigh down hair .
i an in amaze with this item it holds the nails great firm and neat to the fullest extent my recommendation is approved for this .
this was a great product ! i used it right away and my nails came out just like they did at the salon !
this product is wondderfuum designed . creamy and moist . it radiates the skin and keeps it glowing . you will love the results .
the smaller buffer does not really have the same texture as the large one however it does work fairly well . good product !
nice quality . always trust the product . has an spf factor and makes your skin look young and smooth . really good . highly recommended .
although i did receive this product for free , that does not mean that my review is biased . worth every penny in my opinion !
the color is very nice its not too drying and it lasts a long time ( about 6 hours or so )
great plates , they stamp perfectly ! i will be using this set often . lots of combinations to come up with for outstanding manis .
i could not be happier with these quality shears from tweeserman they make a great product . i can always depend on this company
it is kind of small and i think that it works but nothing like going to a profession place and getting this done . i wouldn't buy it again .
this blender works great when wet . i makes makeup application very easy and gives you a natural look . why spend more on something else .
works just as well as any other nail polish remover i've used , but at a better price for the huge bottle you get .
very pretty a bit difficult to handle and the plastic case is a little flexible . i would order again though , mainly because of the price .
dont over do it small amount so not greasy does gave shine and a silky look to your hair after couple use !
base coat ... happy with this purchase i would buy this again . i shop on amazon for everything and think they are great !
the products are good but not all of them are there . there are 12 diffrent colors but they dont come with the same amount 😕 over all good
wonderful for my blepharitis . pads are strong and work great to remove " gook " that gathers on eyelashes .
this cleanser does it's job ! it perfectly cleans my beauty blender ! it also does a great job at cleaning brushes !
your skin will feel silky smooth when using this lotion to to mention the great tan you get ! love the amazon prices .. makes these lotions affordable !
this product is not what i thought it would be . it is small and doesn't stay warm . i'm thinking of returning it . not worth the money .
i will definitely buy this bow again . this is alot cheaper than the supply store . the quality is good too . thank you .
i have thin hair thickens it arrived quick i would recommend this product to people with thin hair it does the job
product was surprising poor - it's drying , not hydrating , and the sunscreen odor is a bit hard to take . a waste of my money .
i got a bad allergy on my hands and need to keep vaseline on them at night and this works fine .
i did not see difference in my lash growth - def . not like from latisse ! and it burned my eyes , so i trashed it .
always a great product . i have used them for years and i still love them . if you haven't tried them yet , you should .
good quality for the price . would definently buy again . works for what i need it for and has held up well .
try the nude glow blush , goes on lightly and looks very natural . is not too powdery and gives a flawless look . a great buy !
beautiful color , so pigmented . i really love revlon's colorbust lip butter with all my soul :d it has became my favorite indeed .
moisturizing ! and makes my skin feel great ! i want to see what the long terms results would be for my skin .
it's fun to play with , and it makes beautiful nail arts . i have many compliments every time i put on new nail arts . a great buy !
love love love them ! they're great . i love that there are so many to choose from . the designs are neat and unique
honest speaking , i am in love with this product and will try all the products related to sigma brands . love it .
it nicely organized but my necklaces still wound up in a tangle and knotted . liked the earring holder and the little zip pocket
this is great for those small round eyeshadows from the drugstore , sephora , and ulta . i also have put a few small square shadows in there too .
the shipping was fast , i was happy with it . but the brushes are not easy to use , i guess probably they are too short .
it made my hair stronger when i blow dryer it i had less shedding . i would try it if you have weak hair . it do not add shine
huge role and the stickers are very sturdy and thick . happy with purchase . ordered on december 29th received january 4th .
i love this color , super usable , match with everything , in any ocasion . the consistence is so soft , and promotes a hydration in the lips .
i guess i need to read details better . it states the size in heading . but ... i used it anyway . so ok .
for the price this stays on all day long and it smells pretty good . i even bought one for my mom
i did not find that this eyeliner was different than any other eyeliner i've used.good product and goes on easy . good purchase .
these brushes are too good you can't go wrong go too youtube she has how too use them i love watching makeup .
not a very good quality kit . i purchased this for my teen because of the many colors . great price , just not great quality
i haven't tried any other stamping polishes but i read many review that raved about this brand . it's not expensive and worked perfectly .
they are lovely , packed in a leather case , that's so chic , i am very happy with them.thank you
this gives great coverage without feeling heavy on your skin , i wear it everyday and my skin loves it , will be repurchasing
nice brushes . just like the pic shows . shipped quickly and i'm happy with the size and durability . don't think you can do better anywhere else .
we've been using baremineral products for several years now , we love most of them . looking forward to the new ' liquid ' foundation they've created .
i coudnt wait to get my hands on this flaky glitter . it shines so bright and the iridescent color change is amazing .
i received this item lightening fast ! ! i got it at a very reasonable price and think it is a very useful tool for acrylic nails
very few flecks of glitter actually stick to your nail with each coat . it is essentialy a clear polish . i was very disappointed .
this works great for restoring curls . my hair is very frizzy and this helps to calm it and get it back in shape .
awesome for the pale skinned nothing too dark.great pinks , peaches , and neautrals . i love shany's boutique palette also.the blushes are about the size of a quarter .
this is a great spring / summer color . got many compliments when i use it , and i have used it quite few times already . highly recommend .
absolutely loved it ! ! it is a great color . i love opi . i am really glad i got this color . i highly recommend opi .
because we love them we use them on everything nails , phones , shoe and hair yes on our hair nice pices ordering more we love them
you get very little in each container . they make very cute designs and they come in a good assortment of colors
don't like the smell but overall it makes my hair feel and look healthier . i've got asian hair and it works great on my hair .
my favorite cologne is burberry brit and this smells like a lighter sweeter version without being too sweet . i wear it for my day to day perfume .
good package to experiment with the different shapes . i love these makeup sponges , makes everything look very natural , smooth and even .
these guys are great for keeping your skin clean . i hit up my entire body with them every few weeks and they clean extremely well .
although this easy to apply and lasts a long time , i don't think there's much in this little tube for the price
my hair shattered these after a few uses , don't bother ! also , i have a lot of hair and these were very big .
so far i like them but they seem pretty thin in the way but i just hope they do the job thats what really count ! !
cleans well with the little scrubs . smells clean and fresh . i don't use it for my face , i have acne medication for that .
all there product just waste money i tried them all hope would be sensitive all did break my skin out and burn it to .
do not believe what you read about this product . can do much better with plain cotton puffs . don't waste your money
these lashes were a waste of money . they are huge and look fake . i thought they would be more natural looking .
i love this eyelash curler ! it works so well and doesn't pull out my eyelashes . my eyelashes look fuller and more dramatic with the whiplash !
the lotion feels great going on , but it doesn't leave my hands feeling very moistuized . it's not bad for the rest of the body though .
i s more easy for me to put the fake eyelash using this clipafter try 2 or 3 times i do it perfect and more fast with this
i'm giving this 4 stars . i really am happy when i purchase from now foods . this is a good product .
dont waste your money on this product line didnt help .. try peter thomas roth or dermalogica from ulta.comive tried alot of other brands on the shelf
this lipstick was a great price for the product . the color is a pretty pink , and it is very matte .
i sprayed some of this on my pulse points and the scent didnt even last for an hour ! this was totally not worth the price .
its good in that it does not irritate my sensitive skin , but i prefer a cleanser which better removes makeup under the shower rather than with cotton wool .
this is my daily use lotion . not much of a lasting scent , not too watery , not to thick . it works just fine and moisturizes .
this is amazing , first time i ever bought anything from mary kay and i'm very surprised ! will definitely buy again once i run out
just received my polish and it's every bit the color i expected . i plan on ordering the whole line of colors !
i love this body wash ! it smells so good and make my skin so soft ! this is my second bottle
i used to buy 50 % glycolic acid but found 70 % is much better . i use it to cure seborrhea keratosis on my hands .
very nice coverage . i use it for blemish spots under my mineral makeup and it stays fairly well . i like how creamy it is .
i love this stuffi think it does soften some of my finer wrinkles and makes my skin supply but isn't a cure allthis is my second time buying this !
murad's renewing eye cream is so thin and easy to use . i love the whole resurgence program and will continue it
don't know exactly what they are supposed to do other than serve as a practicing finger . i have yet to use them .
this drill is great . it's easy to use , the power is great and it is definitely a professional tool . will recommend
i love this product . my husband always complains about the soaps i buy . he actually commented how much he loves this product .
this serum makes the pores on my skin smaller and brighter and nurtured . i love it and will buy again soon !
i have very sensitive skin ( to fragrances mostly ) and this doesn't break me out in a rash at all .
this is a very sexy fragrance and should sway anyone special to want to hold and hang on to you in a loving way .
really does get the tangles out . i even told my hair dresser to buy one because it's better than her detangler comb / brush
i really don't like leaving 1 star reviews ... but , since this product arrived damaged and oozing into the surrounding plastic , i had to send it back .
i love this ! it really make me glow which makes me very happy . my husband even made a coment how pretty i look .
pure and wonderful , i use my sponge and rub it against the soap for extra mousse and the skin feel fresh and clean
i love this cleanser , it has a very clean fragrance and cleans your skin without drying it out which is what i look for .
smells great doesn't stain . i spray this before hitting the gym & when i don't want to wear a deodorant due to the ingredients found in most deodorants .
this was perfect for what i needed . it does the job and its lasting for a long time . i've had it since last year
looks thrilling though ! with white shiny swirlling ribbons of " eye treatment " that doesn't do anything but put micro-glitter under yours eyes for lighting effect .
it is an odd textureleft my skin feeling sticky or tacky . seemed like good ingredients , but i couldn't get over he texture .
it has been my experience with sensitive skin that collagen agravates it and causes breakouts ! have learned the hard way to avoid it !
this works great just like i knew that it would and i am very happy with it . i would order it again .
this is nice polish . the hologram effect was nice . i've used three of them so far and i haven't ' been disappointed yet .
i like these alot . very handy item to have around with longer hair . good purchase and affordable over all . thanks for a great item .
very strong and deep images . very easily transferred . pretty designs . just as u see . easy to clean and easy to store .
jh i khbk hbjh big khb khb khbk hbjh kh bkj bi bkj big khb khbk bkj bib in hbkhb k
these products were a great deal and worked really well . i'll definitely be buying these again !
got it for my girlfriend and she lives it . come quickly and was a good product . she'd buy it again . good selection of bling forn ails .
i have always loved rainbath . it smells great and feels so soft on my skin . neutrogena has a real winner in this product !
i have tried many of the wen scents , and this one smells the best and works the best for me .
i use this product every day , before i put on moisturisern , and i really like it . i would recommend this product to anyone .
you can really feel the glycolic acid but not to strong - i learned about from youtube . a must for any age and acne too .
these are good to have and throw out as needed . work just like they should and are a good price online .
covers gray , comes with great conditioner which gives me enough to use 3 times after shampooing , can't ask for more than that . thank you seller !
small wheel of different shaped clear rhinestones . hearst , diamonds , circles , squares , etc . smaller than expected but can't complain for a dollar .
i love the manic panic green it made my hair come out perfect . exactly how i wanted it to be .
i just got it applied it and i can tell my eye brows are set for the day :-) happy i purchased
i get compliments all the time on the fragrances i wear . this is no exception . it is a smooth and mature scent .
it takes some practice like other reviewers have said but this little bottle will last a very long time and the coverage is wonderful .
best lash glue ever , i dont wear fake lashes often so when i wear them they better stay put , this glue makes sure of that
so cute ! so pretty ! very small bottles but enough polish for a few manicures each . it's fun to mix and match .
works very well and the little brush is an added benefit . i recommend this product . more word more words . there !
i use this and it's great but if your hair is oily use less . but it works and smells nice .
i really like this back scrubber . it's easy to use and feels great on your back . seems to stay cleaner that the brushes too .
the scent just isn't there . i tried it and would not re-purchase . sorry . it's ok though . just not for me . it did the job .
this is a very pretty color but did not last long on my nails . i put two coats on and it lasted a couple of days .
i've used this before and it's very healing to my body . it's great and i will purchase it always ! thanks !
these are basic bamboo cuticule pushers--they works as you would expect . they're good for cleaning up around your nails when using polish , also . pleased with purchase .
love this , not only for the nails my daughter and her frenz uses it for decor on their phone or folders .
great pieces for the nails to look cool and great all different ones for all my nails to look cool
i had problems with fallout in the past with nyx products . must have been a bad batch , because this is an amazing eyeshadow !
this stuff smells super yummy . very calming scent that relaxes me . highly recommend . half the price than my local store .
i used it did not see a big change in my hair its an okay product but i might not purchase it again
this dermal clay cleanser makes your skin feel very clean . my skin looks so much better after using this product . can't live w / out it !
it is everything i expected . i keep all my neutral shadows in this pallete and i love it . quick shipping and i love that !
glad i bought this , i get alot of compliments on it and its not too expensive so i can spray alot without feeling guilty ! lol
it smells lovely but is too heavy for my hair . i thought it might be as i have thin fine hair . nice to use once a week .
i sent this to a friend as a gift . she absolutely loves for it . i will be ordering this product for myself soon .
with this product , he won't be able to keep his fingers out your hair . the compliments you receive also make you happy you purchased this item .
great price on clinical strength secret . i have an athlete daughter in the house and this stuff works wonders for her .
2 of them are broken , one i can maybe fix but the other one is completely not fixable . i'd save your money !
it is the best conditioner for me and smells like flower . although at first it was too strong , it is alright now . i love it !
i just received this product and i love the moisture and soft texture this adds to my natural hair . will use daily
the bristles are not in the right position to tease your hair , very disappointed in this product . did not work .
use it all the time and love the container as well . the tweezers are great and the dotting tools are so cute .
beautiful and the designs are awesome ... i'm about to use my plates by tomorrow . i know it's gonna turn out great
this is easy to lather up and apply to my face . it has no real noticeable scent to it . my face feels real clean after using it .
this stuff is amazing and easy to put on your face without feeling oily . your face will feel hydrated and refresh .
i read the previous reviews about this product and it is pretty much all that i read upfront about this product . but it is okay .
very beautiful ! they do take a while to get but for that price and especially how lovely they look they are worth it .
love it ! i also purchased the matte topcoat and this combo is killer ! it looks really elegant ! you have to like black !
i love these mineral powder foundations ! this mary kay variety is excellent . blends well and is very light . it lasts a good while too .
ok so i just put this on the small zits and it dries out . it has to be re applied more than once but it does the trick .
this product changed my damaged unhealthy dry dull hair into a shinny , healthy , beautiful hair ! very happy , definitely recomend ithis hair treatment
gets the color off immediately and no mess and scrubbing forever . will order again when im out . easy to use .
love this eyebrow shaper ! goes on smoothly , and keeps any unruly hairs tamed all day long . definitely a staple item to have !
the bristles on the brush wasn't as sturdy as i thought , but it definitely gets the job done . easy to apply makeup and easy to clean .
emu oil serves as a good conditioner and moisturizer for the hair and the skin . the smell isn't great , but the oil serves its purpose .
this is my favorite perfume and i was super excited that i got it on amazon for this price ! ! it had the softest sweetest smell ever ! !
i think it's perfect for formal hairstyles . not so much for beach style waves . creates curls inmediately and if you put hairspray holds a lond time .
used faithfully whole bottle but there was no improvement with my skin . did not live up to it's claim . save your money .
they are beautifully crafted and also so easy to dot , used and amazed of how great they are and easy to keep clean
it helps a lot to ypur hair , it is like magical ... i like it souch , i recommend this for girl who has an aggressive hair
i like it i was expecing it to be a bit bigger but other than that it pretty and not bad quality
rather difficult to maneuver and getting soap on it - hardly ever use it any more - back brushes seem to do a lot better .
i put this in the frig to apply cold and it works well in the morning . wakes me up and soothes the under eyes .
it is what it is i guess . it's not the best claw clip out there . i feel more pulling with these than the other ones i own .
i like the smell of it . it is an easy to use if you need to rehydrate your hair i like it
sorry this is being discontinued as it's a nice creamy blush , rather than a powder , which i don't care for at all .
i like it and would pay again .. my make up last long which makes me a happy chick.and i also told my friend to pay some
did not keep together . and the small one's " coarse " will barely file anything . i'd recommend a different brand.just saying ... thanks
can be drying if used too often but it certainly helps exfoliate and reveal new skin . perfect for use prior to peels .
this was a very good wrinkle cream . i am not out of it yet but when i run out i will probably buy some more .
while i have kinky hair , after flat ironing it , this curls it really good and the curls last all day . i love it
love the sparkles . pretty colors , they make me feel like a princess , and we all need that sometimes . it looks great with the butterfly moment .
it is not my favorite eyelashes and i didnt like it compared with what i usually use .. but for this price .. it was okay to give a try
i like it . have oily skin , proactive combination doesnt work for me but this mask does . like it and will order in future
have been using the product for couple years now - gives me a very soothing effect , especially after taking make up off .
it is a magic colour , i have been looking for this russian navy for a while and i know what to expect ! pretty much what i wanted !
haven't started using this yet . pantene is a great product and when i used it in the past it worked .
love this product i would buy this over and over again . it works , it holds , and it does its job too .
very nice tape . sticks to the nails well and doesn't peel off . great value for the price . they only include one plain roll though .
i really like and enjoy the bundle monster nail art wheels . they help me with making better designs and my friends like them too . thank you . clayre
i love this 10 miracle leave in product . great for my hair but expensive at the store and online . but i had to try it .
i use this product along with my other reviva products during the morning and evening routine . it has brightened my eyes and reduced puffiness .
i use this as a base oil for certain essential oil mixtures . it is a good high quality oil . one of the better ones i have found .
i used this after using my ultra black hair conditioner . made my hair feel like silk . did not weigh it down .
i had great results from this butter i purchased . i love the color and that it was not grainy at all .
it leaves hair soft , but any hold ? ? ? not really . i won't buy it again . i like other free and clear products though .
the shampoo has a good scent designed for men.clear men scalp therapy is excellent it leaves your hair feeling clean and fresh .
i assumed that i would recieve the colors pictured . i received all blue . why would they even make these in blue .
we have been on vacation & will be for another month . i will review it when we return , thanks.ask me in april
this topcoat really is that much better than the others . it dries almost instantly to a finish as shiny and hard as glass .
these are great because there are so many options of flowers . they dont bend very much though so they work best on toe nails .
once i find a lipstick color that looks good on me and feels comfortable i stick to it ... this is one of those lipsticks .
just as described , deep , rich brown ! this is a great fall color ! and harmony gelish shellac is my fav brand to use !
very soft - softer than others , good size , works well with foundation . will buy again when needed . prize is fair .
i love this product . it makes my skin look and feel so much younger . i would recommend it to anyone who wants their skin to feel awesome .
i loved this light weight leave in conditioner . it de-tangles and leaves my hair clean very manageable and fresh smelling .
they are what was ordered . i'm so tired of trying to come up with more words and sometimes it frustrates me .
quick deliver , packaged well . product as described . packaged individually and many different colors . will be able to do a lot of different designs with these !
this is my fav color of the ibd so far . it is bright and a color perfect for summer . it goes on smoothly and dries bubble free .
as pictured . as described . works great with the gel polishes . i love the various timer settings - it makes the gel application that much easier .
a great value ! i hope that my wife and daughter loves it on christmas morning . the colors are delicious ! enjoy
what an awesome top coat to add just the right amount of pop to your nails.it looks great on bare nails too
lasts . doesn't chip like others . my best . i use polish daily and i think this one is the best i have ever used .
konad stamping polishes normally work very well . but this silver and the gold i bought are not as bright and clear as i had hoped !
i love this product , is helping to heal my damage , dry hair . it does not leave my hair grease but hydrated , give this product 5 stars.xo
i absolutely love it ! i can see my brown spots getting lighter and lighter ! ! i like the way it doesn't feel greasy at all either ! !
whatever coating they used to ship these brushes in , it doesn't seem to want to come off . the brushes are maybe meant for acrylic paints ?
i " love " this shampoo-my hair is very long and thick-it makes my hair super sleek and a shine like i can't believe .
much cheaper than cotz and about the same . has way more chemicals than cotz but its really good for a day at the pool .
well for this price i cannot really complain , however it is just not powerful enough though . i will just keep it as a back up .
its no better or worse than any regular mascara . sick with the drugstore brands . their just as good . asi asi
color club hues colection are great holohgraphic polishes ! they are opaque after 2 coats . the linear holographic is beautiful . i highly reccomend .
brought this for my daughter . she loves it . what do expect from all neutrogena products ? they do what they say .
this does not remove eye make up at all . i tried with 5 pads ... nothing.it ' s absolutly useless , i threw the entire jar away .
its so pretty , its such a great metallic purple , i loooooove this . it really is an amazing polish , good quality .
i use hemp seed oil in a body lotion that i make . it is a wonderful product and works very well in recipes for moisturizing treatments .
i love this soap but it can be drying . it has helped clear up some minor blemishes but a moisturizer must be used in combination .
bought this for my 11 year old daughter along with a flat iron , her hair smells great and is protected
this stuff works great ! holds my eyeshadow and keeps it looking great . way better than mac's eyeshadow primer . it lasts quite a while too !
this one stings and makes me a little red.the mineral one is amazing . also i try to avoid chemical sunscreens in general .
used for 1 month , didnt notice any difference at all , although the cool metal feels good under the eye in the morning . philosophy products work much better
like always , best fast and love it , this perfume is very good and the size is perfect for that price
they work so well ... i almost never use anything else to wipe my makeup off anymore . they feel so soft on my face .
love this tip cutter so much easier and less stressful on your nail than plain siscors . very happy with this product .
i love these capsules . i can feel and see improvement in my skin texture and with breakouts . i will reorder ! ! !
i bought this for my wife because i liked the smell . she really really likes it too . she was very happy to get it .
this is simply an excellent price and quality to bring some color into your life without the risks of cancer associated with indoor / outdoor tanning .
excellent product . the best finishing powder for any makeup . an excellent and light coverage and highlighter ! i would definitely recommend .
these japanese cosmetic cotton is normally very expensive . i find this much softer on my face . love the multiple layers
wow what a pro make set ! and i think it is at a great price ! love the case it looks great !
this has helped a couple of itchy areas on my body that have been resistant to other lotions and creams . it's definitely more effective .
very pretty colors . this lip gloss smells great and it's not a thick greasy formula .
im impressedthe product came early . very greatt varity of colors . very excited to start using this on my nails .
they work well , i thought it wouldn't be worth it since they are so cheap but they work well . i'm happy with them .
use this cream all the time . have tried many and this is the best by far . received exactly as promised . great product .
these are a great value . they aren't the greatest quality but they look nice and go on easily . i recommend them .
very sheer product ... only seems to moisten the lips ... without too much color . i chose the nude ... therefore i didn't want the super colored lips ...
it look pertty but too big for nails ! if i know it that big i never order it . and some color only have four inside . :( (
it is definitely worth the price . i noticed a difference right away on my eyebrows . i continue to use this product just about every day now .
i used this and it was great for the first couple uses but it stopped working and it made me itch .
this is a great scent also . i love it . i always get a lot of compliments when i wear this scent . it's bien good .
it does exactly what it promises ! it protects your face from all the eye shadow that usually fall off and helps you design your eyes better .
leaves skin feeling clean , but this facial soap is way too mild for my acne prone skin . really wanted it to work .
grip for lashes is awesome , easy to apply and doesnt stick when taking applicator away from eyelid and lash . holds the perfect amount of glue for application .
keep all of my braids / dreads in place-and actually fits my large amount of hair with comfort-will order again ! ! thank you
i like this . it holds the curls all day . i use it when i am in a hurry and my hair is damp . i like it .
this item is easy to use for nail art since it always sticks on the first time . i love this product !
lip stains are the way to go for minimizing retouching . this stuff is low maintenance beauty . and the color is beautiful and flattering to many skin tones .
i love this soft , silky sleep mask . adjustable too , i also bought one for my husband and he loves it too !
i love this conditioner it is perfect ! i have fine hair and it leaves it silky smooth ! great sellers rec'd it right away.mmvsp
i get the cheapest decent shampoo for my husband and this fits the bill and smells amazing , which is more important for me than it is for him .
love it nice shine , smell great , less frizz , good 4 hour hold , good on all hair types . great buy awesome staple
what can i say about nail gems - the best . but these are coloured which adds to the the fun . i highly recommend them !
i use it to blend my concealer and blush and highlighter love it and great price ! ! ! its not cheap material !
another winning collection from pueen . plates are etched perfectly , i never have problems picking up the design even with a hard stamper .
we have one of these in both bathrooms , and love them . they are as advertised . i highly recommend this product .
these bath salts are so relaxing and smell great . they make me ready to go to sleep right after a nice long bath with them .
this is a great wig stand ! fits perfecti would recommend this to anyone looking for a budget stand for their wigs
this product works great but the odor is a little strong . it is according on what you need a strong head of hair or nice smelling hair .
i'm using now rosemary oil in conjuction with now lavender oil and now jasmine fragrance oil . great combination for my natural hair and other homemade mix recipes .
i love this eyeshadow palette . the colors are so natural and just beautiful ! they are all very well pigmented ! i will be purchasing these again !
i bought 3 of these , 1 for niece , 1 for sister & 1 for mom . they were thrilled with the pillows .
love this stuff . it is a great combination with hydrodream whip & just the whole line smells fantastic . love love love it .
my husband smells fabulous in this cologne ... as i'm sure all men do . you can't go wrong . it's been his favorite for a long time
these are just as cute as they are in the picture ! i'm really excited to use them.the shipping didn't take too long and they're really cute .
i love this product , it's great for dry hair . one of my favorites ! ! great price and will continue purchasing it .
very good product . i like the fact that it comes with a glove and clear instruction guide for temperature gauge for various kinds of products .
i wanted a standard red nail color . gelish hot rod red is a classic red with no shimmer . it's gorgeous color .
they work pretty well , but they are hard to get on the bigger fingers . it did help me not to smudge my nails when they are wet .
busted in 100 ' s of pieces . no one will replace bunch of crap
not that impressed they're just ok but they do work . liked that there were two i shared with my cousin .
the comb is great ! i use it in the shower and right after and haven't noticed any breakage . it even smells good .
i really like this as i save on water and i can take it anywhere to cleanse my face . recommend .
this lotion is okay . it smells nice and goes on smooth , but i much prefer the tea hut body butter .
the idea behind these is a worthy one but i found these trays a little awkward and prefer using a dish .
you heard it . the colors arent very pigmented and its a very chalky palette . save your money and invest in a nicer brand ,
i like them and i use them alot , but i wsh they were a little bit bigger . other than that they okay ...
not for dry mature skin . does nothing to hydrate and felt it dried my skin . absolutely worthless and a bunch of hype !
not much in the tube and the formula didn't ' glide ' on my face . try either sephora's own brand primer or photo finish by smashbox .
love this blush . sorry it's been discontinued . will have to look for a new one , when this one runs out .
this blends into my skin tone very well n i have oily skin with this powder the oil takes awhile to break tru lol
these brush guards are perfect to put on your makeup brushes after cleansing ... helps the brushes hold their shape ! will buy more sizes !
set was a described and do what they are supposed to , seem to be pretty sturdy and well made , good buy for the price
great for outings and parties . good cheap alternative and reusable ! not recommend for school and work . you get a lot for your money .
this brand of hairspray and also adorn are the only 2 brands that really work in my opinion . i've tried the other brands .
i've used proactiv for years and i was worried this wouldn't actually be the true product , but it was ! ! super happy
i noticed a difference in my complexion right away . my skin felt nice and soft after using it . i will use it again .
i loved the variety of the designs . i want more . lol . the fruit ones look like real fruit . i'm pleased with this purchase . :)
my first time trying this and it is ok it keep my skin soft . i like it thanks i might order one again
i really don't know what to think of this foundation . the coverage is okay . but every time i wear this foundation it makes my skin look pink .
doesn't look as full as the picture but its worth the dollar spent on it . came well packaged . my nails look cute .
these work but they are tricky and take some getting used to . needs practice i guess lol . i do like them though
i love these clippers ! they are made really well and have a straight edge so when you clip your nails it has a perfect clean edge .
makes my hair feel silky and soft without weighing it down or making it greasy . will purchase again for sure !
smells great ! lasts most of the day . my lady loves how i smell . i'll be buying again for sure . thanks
this brush is strong clean your skin deeply you feel fresh like you have new skin.great product come by two white and blue color easy to install .
i love this color and formula.if you like glitz and green this polish if for you . i loved it soon as i saw the bottle .
this serum is works great ! works wonders on my face , i look and feel younger already .
i love the look this product gives ! i don't even have to apply a lot to get the effect ! will be buying again !
love this mascara . i have tried high end and low end stuff , and this is by far one of my favorites . l'oréal makes high quality makeup .
i do not like a brush , if you are fine with the bronzer itself you might want to use another bronzer brush .
this lotion is very moisturizing and contains pretty good ingredients . the only downside is it is expensive . i would definitely recommend though .
this adhesive is not worth it . it is one of the lowest quality lash adhesives i have ever tried . does not hold anything .
i use this everytime i blow out my hair . it gives me great volume on my fine hair and makes styling very easy .
i didn't even get to wear this cute headband bc mine broke before i could even get it on . y
i have used this cologne for many years now and i love it . spays on just enough cologne for me .
i used it once per week to keep my hair shining and soft . it boots my volume and now i don't have frizz .
i have been using for a few days ! very gentle on skin . makes it smooth and soft . like so far ! ! !
i love the color of this however it fades into a tan color and is streaky so that's why i only gave it 4 stars
a very good iron . i believe it was rated one of the best flat irons for 2013 . i would recommend .
good product get what u paid for . was i little smaller than i thought it would be but its ok since the price was not high at all
mineral veil is the best finishing powder ... i've used it for years and love it ! it sets makeup so well that i rarely have to reapply .
this works ! ! however my hair is long and down to my waist and i only got 2 uses out of it .
cons : very sticky , had a bad odor to them . i was very disappointed and ended up getting rid of the entire set .
the soap fits the product description . i have no complaints with it . it works exactly as i expected it to .
olay has definitely the best skin care products , i have tried many brands in the past and always return to olay .
my mom loves this stuff , sh e had it in an oil too . so as long as she was happy , i guess i am too ! !
this shampoo smells great . it lathers nicely and my hair doesn't break has much since i started using it . wish it came in bigger size .
i love it because is natural look not so out there with too much color.so i will recomended to others to use it .
love the conditioner and the other dead sea products they are all so good for psoriasis and it leaves my hair feeling so smooth
glides on easily , although the accompanying brush is not particularly good . i like the color and so far , it seems to last .
i love how gentle this shampoo is on my color treated hair . my hair color lasts twice as long and it doesn't weigh my hair down at all .
just received the other day and love it ! gentle fragrance and good staying power without greasy feeling . will definitely buy again !
i really like the different colors of the nail polishes ! goes on well and stays on very a pretty long time ! easy to use !
they are the best fake eyelashes i have ever tried ! ! they are so light on the eye i even forget they was there !
these make-up sponges blend very well but are a little bulky and despite the " pointy " end are a little difficulty to manage in small crevices
works great . my pores disappeared . use a thick layer to make it easier to peel off . smells really good to me too
its a bit darker and more red than the photo . it says in place and it is very pretty . for the price it is great .
must have with toppik 0.36 ounce bottle ! precise application and no wasting the toppik fibers during application . works very well !
i really like it a lot . the price is excellent & it works very well . i definitely would recommend it to one & all !
i think this is great eye serum and i have tried many of them . smooth and easy to apply and i see a big difference .
i have acne prone oily skin and i love the light texture . but it's pricey for me as a student . :(
i purchased this last week and i am so happy i did . it is very good quality and i love it
feels really good on my skin . i am not sure what more to say about this product except that it is a good value .
so i've never really used a moisturizer / tanning lotion stuff . it has kind of a peachy smell , so far i seem to like it .
this is my favorite toner . cleans and refreshes . love it and highly recommend this product .
soft versatile and easy to use . i use this with my daughters they make it easy to make the perfect bun for fine hair .
my husband is seventy years old and is often mistaken for someone twenty years younger . is that a recommendation ? he uses it faithfully now !
toe separator pedicure 100 pack salon use - arrived on time , it's worth the money and really cheap . i'm going to buy it again .
dries my nails super fast and makes the color last . this is my 2nd bottle , will by more for sure ! you should dry it
its ok i would buy again but not great . the shine was pretty good the body maybe needs improvement . it was a fair value for the price .
this might work pretty good for other customers but it just didn't work that well for me . it caused my already oily enough skin to secrete more oil .
have used this product for years now and i absolutely love the way it makes my hair feel ! made me a believer
you need to ahve long nails to use this because it is big and will take up a lot of space on a small nail
don't like both the texture ( too thin ) and color ( too orange ) , elta md lightly tinted for extra-sensitive skin is far superior sunscreen
great for dry skin . there is barely any smell to it . it is nice and creamy and leaves my skin comfortable after a shower .
made my hair get the color from the first time and my hair wasn't damaged , , , will purchase again next time
this has been a blast to use . it totally covers your nail . it gives a crisp pretty image . i am having so much fun !
cant really say if it works or not .. the lipogaine is what i believe makes the most difference out of all the things i've bought .
i was happy when this product arrived on time . i'm not so happy how when it's exposed around acetone the color on the handle goes with it .
it works ok , but i don't care for the smell . not really pumpkin , more ginger scented . prefer the sixthirteen better .
these brow pencils are cheap and last long . they are excellent on my brows . i will be ordering again soon
this product is absolutely a hair staple . this leave in does exactly what it says . it leaves your hair feeling soft and manageable !
got sucked in again thinking this was going to be some miracle skin renew . just average . i will use it but not buy again .
was hoping for a true summertime pink . this one has a lot of orange in it ... almost neonish . way toopeachy for me .
easy to use , light-weight serum .. non-irritating to skin and effective for smoothing out pores and fine lines ; use under moisturizer or alone .
it's fit the smooth eyes style makeup , and it is very cheaper than other big brand . i love it and i will buy other colour .
just another lotion for after shower . smell good , cute bottle , but not on the designer skin level of quality you expect from the company .
my teenage found this on his own and swears by it . this must be a secret at his high school !
the ones that came is the mail was a cheap knock off of a poorly made chinese pair , don't buy these . doesn't come with the case either .
they're okay . great for do it yourself basic designs . a lot of brushes for good price.nothing special but worth what i spent on it .
love the multiple colors . goes well with nail dssign , especially with the colored pearls . lasts a long time , multiple use
these are way to awesome ! ! ! i had a small kit before that only came with 5 disks but now wit these i can do any and everything
this product didn't hold my hair very well , and i have fine blond hair . i liked that it has no scent .
i bought these for a girls summer camp . the girls had a blast with them . they are exactly as described .
for the eyeshadow palette , you get a range of matte and shiny , pigmented shades . i really like it . it's well worth the purchase .
works pretty nicely . just rub some here or there and it helps with some libido issues . so you might as well try it out
i love this cleanser that is so very gentle . was highly recommended by my dermatalogist . delivery came early and price was reasonable .
i got this for my newborn who has very dry skin . once applied the skin is dry again in like 10 minutes .
working out and dieting changed the shape of my butt . this butt enhancement cream helped me maintain my butt as i tone the rest of my body .
goes on easy and makes my nails shine . only gave it 4 stars because sally hansen top coat just as good and less expensive
love it it promotes hair growth i mix it into my shea butter mixture along with other oils try it its good
love konad plates - so awesome for some diy nail art . these are the originals and are cut in just the right way .
stays on as well a gelish brands . i will save money by buying this brand from now on . actually soaked off easier .
these emjoi golden blue work great . if a person has some tough feet you can start with these and finish with the finer rollers .
15 piece vegan travel brushes for a great price ! they are vegan which is important to me , also love the carry case
this is a very small set . it make my skin oily when i use it . but the customer service is very good and nice
this product does work but just don't use to much and its hard to match the color exactly so keep that in mind .
i love this scent . it is light and perfect for spring / summer . on me it lasts about 6 hours . highly recommend .
i like the new packaging . i have combination skin and this works for all parts of my face . been using it for years and will definitely continue .
great looking clip , size is perfect and looks everpn brighter and shinier than in the picture . its a little more darker blue than shown .
if you have sensitive eyes this is not for you . created swelling in mine and deep dark circles . not good at all !
i really expected that this would be like magic in a bottle . it wasn't . it's okay though just not fantastic .
amazing ! works ! love it . my wife even bought one after seeing how great my skin was looking .
i've only used it once . it seems to do as it says but i can't tell considering this summer heat and sweating so much . 1 thumb up
i've had it for over 2 years and it works great and it's still in good condition . i love it .
i have coily hair that becomes hard to detangle when wet . this comb is a god-send . it is wide and sturdy .
i've always loved this stuff but it has been a while since i've used it . i will definitely purchase this product again .
both my husband and i like these pads very much . easy to use and effective too . a bit expensive but the convenience is worth it .
it took a long time to get and it was not worth what i paid for it not happy at all
fast shipping , good handling great item , the brush is steady and it feels like a massage on your skull , good for male and female .
not too dark just right and not too shiny . i love the soft pink shade it's very flattering . try it !
these brushes are kind of flimsy , not real happy with them . i guess for the price i got what i paid for .
i love , love , love this color . opi always goes on smoothly . it is opaque in two colors but i always use three .
i love the smell of the cucumber and it feels nice . it sure bests my last chemical toner . would buy again
i never thought i would ever love soap .. but i do ! i have sensitive dry skin and this works terrific . it rinses clean and smells great .
this polish is great and this color looks good with my skin color , and would probably look good on any skin color .
this is the first eyebrow powder i have found that doesn't have reddish undertones . it's also easy to use and lasts forever .
i order it for her birthday and she asks for more because she gets so many complements on it . it is her favorite .
the wipes seemed a little dry . they do work but you need two or three to remove the makeup . i don't think i would get them again .
did it fix split ends ? well , not really but it has a really good smell and cleans well , so it works for me !
great to use for highlights or perfecting power . nice thickens in handle and bristles are soft and wear well . this is a must have !
it was okay . i loved the smell and the fact that it is natural but pantene repair and restore actually does better
i love it , i used other gels that cause dandruff , but this didn't , really good gel , and i totally recommend it .
my hubs has wavy shiny hair but the driest scalp known to mankind , my hairstylist recommended this product , i will update with results later
i love this polish duo ! and the price really is great for a set of two of them . they're normally $ 20 a piece !
this hair product is actually very effective , especially on african-american hair . it left the hair tamed , flowing , and wonderful ! i highly recommend it .
i use this brush for gel eye liner , and it works flawlessly . it cleans off with some warm water and is still as soft as ever .
love it . just wish the replacement brushes weren't so expensive . it is a good investment for your skin and makes your cleansers last a lot longer .
i have heard that using this will improve the condition of the skin . looking forward finding out if this happens
this does exactly what it is suppose to do . keep the hair off clothes and skin . but the black is simple and nice .
bought this to keep in my purse , works wonderfully ! easy to pump any perfume or body spray into it ! this would make great gift !
been using this for years . lightweight lotion , no over-powering smell . good base for my bare minerals makeup . absorbs well . handy size .
my son uses this on his eczema . he has tried others with this brand and this one works the best and on works best on damp skin .
red as red can be ! not a bright red ... just plain ole red ... which is great ! this is a safe buy for fellow shellac-ers !
gave u 3 stars just because it didn't feel wet enough do i gave it to my daughter she says it's ok so ok then
this is a great oil witch i use for a lot of recipes and for massages . the texture is very good and the buttle is very strong .
i like the colors and the sizes are perfect . they took a while to get to ca but its great for the price .
these look professional , they have fantastic bristles for small and intricate designs , and they wash easy . definitely recommend if you love nail art !
great inexpensive soap , i ordered it as a present , but decided to keep it . i use it as hand soap .
nothing to e-mail or text home about . has a good smell but you need to use a lot to get a lot of bubbles .
this stuff did not even create the slightest change in my hair color . i would have sent it back if it was not too much work .
looks as good as professional manicure and last as long . so happy i purchased this ! can't wait to do daughter's nails for her !
i have used several product containing vitamin a & c and this is not effective at all . goes on nice , but didn't see any rejuvination .
easy to work with this , are not difficult . ideal for beginners . i am thrilled to be working fine with them .
the moisturizer cream works well so far and the price is right . it does moisturize and the vitamin e is supposed to be good for the skin .
i like the coverage it provides and it stays on for a long time it works better than the other face powders i've tried .
i have every thick and kinky hair , these pony tail holders worked really well . i would recommend them and they are cheaper then most retail stores .
i have long , very curly hair and i usually need a ton of conditioner to get through my hair , not with this product !
this is the best one i have used so far . my hair stays in place all day and it looks great !
i really like this nail polish ... good for any season and its thick and opaque looking . its a great essie color and looks nice on everyone
awfulll not recommend it at all , it dries the lipsand color not showingtotally no buy this onedry
you have to know how to use this . good for school but i would really consider the professional electric file .
i am in my late 50 ' s with really dry skin . i tried this product hoping for results that were positive . did not get any .
is exactly what i expected , arrived on time and is good quality . it is also a good length making it easy-to-use .
its nice very good color but u need 2 or 3 coat overall nice color i love it n enjoy it
this is a rich color , it goes on so even and easy . no shrink back issues and the color is stunning in the light . love it .
i will be buying this again . this is just a amazing cream . leave my hair soft and light and its cheap
it works just as well for a hair shampoo amd body wash.if you like a soothing powdery smell , this is a great product .
product came just as advertisement pictured and described . the product name speaks for itself and is an excellent value for the price .
my only issue with this color is trying to get enough on and even . i applied 3 coats instead of two to get desired color .
a good eye cream at a good price . does what you expect and a little more . this is my second order , there will be more .
very soft and goes on in smooth . you will fall in love with this one . my skin has greatly improved !
not completely sure how it's suppose to be used but it does leave a nice finish i enjoy having it as an option for makeup
i really like this primer . it's a nice cheaper solution to the urban decay primer potion . i'm looking forward to trying the other colored / shimmery primer .
i love this color ! it is so perfect for all season . perfect shade of gray ! i am ordering more for my sister and cousin .
love this moisturizer ! it is super rich and smells amazing . my skin has been fabulous since i started using it - no weird flakey or red patches .
i feel there should not be another color . my boyfriend loves it . so do i ! !
this face wash made my face very dry . it didn't help with my breakouts and i wouldn't waste my money again !
this product shipped very quickly . i like the powder , good product , lasts a while . i definitely would order this again .
these are a great quality and deal for the price . service is good . definitely will reorder again when my current order is out .
excellent product line get compliments all the time and i am 62 should have used this product when it first came out
really good service , recieved it really quickly . the lip gloss is nice , great color and lasting quality . i would purchase more shades in the future .
works well and no werid smells etc . use it in summer and will clear you up its a good product
i wanted something that was glittering but not the little circle pieces of glitter . this looks good and is staying on well .
product as described . good quality - no complains . satisfied customer and will repeat order in the future . would also refer to friends
were alright jst dont strech them or they will become thiner and i was hoping they would be thicker strands not this thin but they work
awesome nude color makes for a great nude / tan that matches my skin tone . love opi , the texture is great and lasts a long time .
easy to use , very pretty blue color . i get compliments on my hair allll the time . you can easily adjust the heat temperature which is great
see my review there ! perfect for oily , sweaty , sensitive skin . perfect makeup primer , too ! lasts all day with zero creasing or whitish cast !
great hairdryer . i had it for more than 2 years , and still working great . no issues , and leaves the hair soft .
what's not to like about an inexpensive bottle of edt spray with a surprisingly good scent . should be a repeat buy . shipping was excellent too .
this is my second time purchasing this scent . my son smelled it on me the first time and asked me to order one for his girlfriend .
this stuff is thick , has a good spf and really keeps the body moisturized for hours . i'll buy it again .
my kids have sensitive skin and this doesn't cause any irritation . it smells good and i prefer to use natural products .
very true to my beige skin tone . goes really nice over liquid foundation as a finishing powder . does not look powdery , and it absorbs well .
it's a great item . it dries super quick ! i never have to waste time waiting for nail polish to dry again ! yay ! ! !
loved the price and really loved that it worked just as perfectly as the other more expensive brands . i have purchased 5-6 colors by his company
this goes on well , make sure you do not get any on the sides of your nails skin prior to putting under the light .
this has helped with my eczema , but the strong smell is difficult for me to handle . i am very sensitive to fragrances and odors .
i enjoy the entire line if alpha product . these products allows your skin to repair and the products glide on leaving your skin so soft .
great product , i use these when i do my nails . love the colors an use these when i want to have fun .
i'm a sucker for anything bright ... i love this color ... this goes with most of my clothes ... will buy again and again !
wasn't as cool as i thought . didn't likethe outlines they didn't really look good . wasn't a horrible purchase but not for me .
cheaper and work very well . i really believe they keep my skin cleaner and smoother . all people should be using this on their faces !
there are so many looks you can get out of this shany eye shadow palette and it makes for a great gift !
i was skeptical at first but i am pleasantly satisfied with this product . cleans amazingly well . best mask i ever used ! i will be buying again .
these were great to start with . got all i need to do my own nails for the price of one manicure . cant beat that ! !
this is a gorgeous color . a french red ... not too orange and not too blue . dries fast . color stays true . parfait mes chères !
i love to use every day , it is fresh , durable and smells like when you get out off the shower . very good cost - benefit .
i added this on top of a solid colour and it looks awesome . you can really notice the sparkle . love this one .
can't rate this cause i never got it so sorry bout this but maybe next time i'll get this and it will come to my address and not another state
smells great , i have used it in a variety of ways and will keep purchasing castile soap instead of all the other soaps i used to buy .
my niece is always out of these . so , i bought her this big pack . she likes them . they are hair bands .
i use it several time a week . i like the results and it does not take but a few drops per use .
the product doesn't bond hair for very long . i used it to bond my hair extensions and it simply fell apart . won't order again ,
there is no clumps when you put on this mascara and never smudges . it also stays on all day ! i love it !
this eye cream has a shinny residue and it emphasizes eye wrinkles . it is not a good product , i didn't like it at all .
great product came highly recommended by a very sceptic friend.so i did not hesitate to try . i look forward to long term results
i am a huge fan if all olay products , this one included . this product really made my eye area smooth and hydrated .
perfectly black . you will need 2 coats though to get that perfect black-out look . paired with seche vite top coat and its piano key shiny !
i purchased this for my 12 year old daughter for added organization . i love it in her backpack so things aren't rolling around everywhere !
this palette is great , i love the shimmer and the flat colors perfect for work to date night . the colors are very bright and pretty !
very pretty colors to accent your eyes . this is a wonderful gift . love it , love it love it love it .
very nice and heavy ... didn't expect this much for such low price ... bought several pieces similar to this for gifting .
great stuff for avoiding sulfates and things that hurt curly and wavy hair is a good product to go with the conditioner .
they don't slip but i feel like they get caught in my hair and kind of hurt . i didn't care for these bands - no longer use them .
i needed this to sharpen nyc longwear pencils because my other sharpener didn't work . i like it . it does what it is suppose to do .
one of the best soaps i enjoyed using and will tell all my friends its a must try , when looking to feel your best .
very unique very pretty . the picture online doesn't do it justice . its a very pretty piece to have.many compliments when its wore .
i think this works well . doesn't smell great but also doesn't bother me . i bought one for my mom too .
price was right on sale but it is not a morale cure for puffiness .
but as lovely as this is it's not for me . i have found the answer to a body scrubber is not the rather soft bristles here .
these work well enough and are cheap and affordable , for that im happy but i wish they were more moist
i purchased it as a gift , it arrived promptly and i paid a good value for this classic eau de parfum .
takes for ever and im still waiting for this .. never again .. takes to much to get it . ? wowi will get it to an actually store .
my son loves all of the proactive products . he does a lot of metal forging and it is rough on his skin but these products help .
this is a heavy , scentless cream , excellent for flaky areas like lower legs where you need heavy-duty moisturizing . a little goes a long way , too .
amazing product just as good or better than sigma ! they blend so well and hold up amazing , very little shedding
it says it's small , but the spatty is smaller and i would recommend that one for your small makeup bottles .
this wig wasnt for me i wore it once and couldnt stand it i wish it would have worked out but it didnt .
the little jars have lots of colors and shapes for your nail art designs , you will enjoy the creative possibilities .
this is the only item in the proactiv kit that has been continuously effective , to me . everything else dries my face out .
this was ok ; had nice fresh scent . seemed to clean pretty well . can't say it's particularly unique--just a good shampoo .
i guess it does what its suppose to . i thing once this runs out i will do like some of the other review suggest and make my own .
this leaves the most subtle hint of color on my lips . i really like the way it looks so natural
i don't know if i may have used too much , but it was too glittery and pink for me .  .
just love lavender ! can't think of anything more to say about it . i love smelling lavender all over my house .
i love this ! i use it in order to neutralize a peel after i do them at home . works great !
worked very well . i am sold on winstonia plates . no problems and they ship so fast !
it's very gentle and moisturizing . never irritates my skin , and makes me feel very clean and refreshed . used for years
this works great . it does leave you bruised , but after the bruising fades , everything started to look great and has really made a difference .
this product seems to be helping my brittle nails - it was recommended by my beautician - hope it continues to work !
sun protection is ok but the white film it leaves on your face in intolerable ... i trashed it ... after all looking good is the primary concern .
it gives a nice glossy shine to the lips , they also smell really good .
love it . it makes the skin around my eyes look firmer . it also doesn't irritate my eyes like the other products .
very undesirable texture - too slimy and unappealing . didn't use it . even the scent let me down . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
cant't review this item because we couldn't use the product . it came with the safety seal broken and the item was used .
olay pro-x advanced cleansing system is very good . and it really does what it promises . loved it ! is my favorite . i recommend to everyone .
for this many plates and stamps , it is so affordable and such a good price ! you have a huge selection of stamps to chose from , too .
works well great for the price and i use it for other stuff besides nails i will buy again for sure
great product ! ! helps me outline my eye browns and all i have to do is wash them if they get dirty ! thank goodness !
this is vibrant and fun for dress up . i'm not much of a wig person , but it is shiny and feels well made .
i like this item because i am able to put thing on my nails that i can't do with nail polish
i have always liked black pearls and have ordered it numerous times from amazon ! it arrived in excellent condition . packaged well !
this is a great product . it smells great and leaves hair very soft and moisturized without weighing it down ! love this stuff !
smells great , does the job of holding the hair . i use it with a crimper and it works just great
at the first signs of a pimple i apply this stuff and .. poof ! gone . however can be over drying so use sparingly .
this a light oil and i like it a lot so thought i would treat myself to an extreme oiling with this oil .
i've tried a number of these yellow-ish under eye concealers . this one is about on par with most . not the worst , and not the best .
i'm in my fifties and still have oily skin with occasional break-outs . this matte foundation looks fresh for 12 hours !
this wig is surprisingly real , very soft , beautiful color , and really top quality . true to color ! ! ! love it and will order more .
great fall color , can not wait to wear it . love cnd products , have several of their colors in my collection .
true clear coat that is easy to use and cures nicely . i have used this over other gel polish and traditional polishes with great results .
bigger than i thought but its great for applying a sheerer blush . could use this for a luminizer too with a light hand
i have only used it once , but once is all you need every couple of months , this item is sleek and it works really well .
gives amazing curls , packing was ok nothing great and product reached safely . argan oil given is very very less :(
this day cream is my favorit the skin is glowing and look so healthy smooth smell is wonderful try this
i love the colors in this set , and it stays on . i bought a couple to have for the future !
i like the way it feels on my skin , very silky - however i cannot tell if it decreases the amount of wrinkles i have ..
l really enjoy this bb cream . it looks very natural and feels very good on the skin . will buy it again .
this shampoo smells really good and makes my hair feel soft and healthy . so far the suave professionals line has been great .
flat , boring color . it is supposed to be a gloss but it goes on flat and doesn't look glossy at all .
great product . i would recommend this product to my frinds for sure . i have very fine curly hair that is frizzy & dry
they are nice , just wish they came in black like in the picture . maybe have an option to choose color .
love the pink color . this brush is soft and evenly distributes powder . the bristles are firmly attached and appear that they will last .
love this mouistetizer for 3 years ！ its the greatest ！ for lines wrinkles dry skin length of tan everything ！ well worth it ！
i always use this when i have a pimple and it actually works . it is not too harsh on your skin .
this is a deep cleanser so be careful not to dry out your skin . it is not good for everyday use . otherwise a pretty decent product .
i don't need much of this shampoo and it feels good in my hair ! my hair is softer without it being weighed down .
this doesn't turn out to look like the model's fingers . it looks more like a black mess . i wouldn't buy again .
kinda is off from the picture but is really pretty and soft and easy to maintain overly all i love it for my blackcat and storm cosplay
i wanted sulfate-free volumizing shampoo that smelled good . this is both and for a great price . i will be buying more products from this line !
for a first time user of this product its way more then i expected i love the top coat ! at the end you end up with alot of shine
i think these brushes deserve all what were said about them i am so in love , now i am planning to try the face brushes too
this product helps my hair grow . i only use it in my hair oils not alot just a little . it really works .
this brush is amazing for such a cheap price i dont understand why people buy expensive brushes when this brush works just as good
i didn't find this product worked that well for the price . i gave my away thinking maybe it is just my hair ...
i used this oil in my shampoo and have noticed a huge difference ! my hair is softer and smoother now .
i have acne-prone combination skin . my skin glows after using this mask and it seems to help with comedones . haven't noticed a difference with cystic acne .
they are awesome and can't beat the price . quality is really good and it works great with my machine , will purchase again
although i received this product for free that does not mean that my review is biased . got this for my mom and she is loving it !
i love this blue color , as well as this brand of gel polish . this color is super cute with gold glitter tips , or pink glitter .
this product is just as the advertisement pictured and described . the forms are easily adjustable and have a good hold ,
everyone who has konad needs the black ! it goes with everything and the designs you pick show up great ! definitely a need for beginners !
this is a pretty good product and works well with shellac . it does get pretty warm under the light though and i wish it had a fan .
perfum smells amazing , bought it for my daughter but had to end up buying one for my self . has such a swell and soft smell .
i was able to use this moisturizer with sunscreen on my trip to the beach . four days in the sun and no burn and my skin looks great !
no more dry skin or eczema , using for a few months now . i would highly recommend it for itch free skin .
this product works great . it also smells great . it is a perfect straight finish cleanser . i really enjoy the whole line of motions .
glues on quickly just make sure you put on two coats and your ready to place the nail on immediately . dries fast ! ! !
shipped way earlier than the expected date and they are all different sizes , which is perfect for creating champagne nails or for making silly eyes on your manicures
didn't help with my acne , probably was just not the right match for my skin type . i used it for a few weeks with no good luck .
it takes off glitter polish easier than any others i have tried so far . sorry i can't remember which ones .
i have been using this product since 10 years ago whenever i havd dandruff issue.it is fairly reliable . smell is fine too . recommended for people with dandruff .
you can extend the interval between pedicures with this little sponge which exfoliates the feet , especially the heels , and keeps them soft .
its tiny and cute . just the right size for nails and whatever you want to do with it . cant wait to try these out
great sizes and i love the price . it a great bargain when you get year three professional tools for so cheap .
the best heat spray there is iin the whole world and it smells amazing ! will never use any other kind of heat spray .
i find the same quality as expensive brushes but with the added benefit of being eco and cruelty free ! i really recommend trying them !
i wash my hands a lot for my job and my hands are so dry this has been my saving grace ! i love it
wasn't overwhelmed , its the same old red we have all seen . i loved the other colors within the germany selection , but this one was not exciting .
i really like this clay - my skin feels super soft and much tighter - rinsing was fairly easy with warm water !
this is a great little gadget . and , yes , it is working . i can't believe i got this as cheap as i did !
this is one of the best or the best nude lipstick that i have purchased ! very soft and subtle color.great ! ! !
i love this sun-in . it is a cheap alternative for teens to gradually lighten their hair without breaking the bank .
this is not a true black but rather a brownish lack . it was not an ugly color . just not black .
works very well on rough , dry skin . also used it on my dog as she has dry , scabby skin .
you really need to have a vision of what you want before you start ... lol or you'll just have dots everywhere
this is a great product for the price . it absorbs very fast and doesn't leave a distracting smell . it also spreads very well .
next time i wil buy ivory soap or a baby's brand gentle soap . i feel like this is too strong for my skin .
my daughter requests this every year as 20 year old now . it is subtle and " just right " for a mature , young woman .
this antibacterial soap this great for my acne prone face and leaves no greasy film . very gentle and feels good .
my son can't do without this line of products.we are very glad to have it available and at a good price .
one of the best coral lip sticks i've used . like the consistency too . not drying . will buy again and stop looking for coral .
i can't say anything more , except i do love this product ... has it all and does it all , so why try anything else ?
this is a great lash glue . the dark tone is always better to me because you can't see the glue on your lashes
i use on false eye lashes as well as my own . this mascare stays on all day and washes off so easy . very good mascare and brush
its sticky type ... n dont look good ... n cheap quality dont waste your money on this product u will regret ... i m really disapointed
it's a great color but a bit more transparent than i had expected . less bold pastel than it looks in bottle
doesn't dry out your skin , smells and feels great . it lasts a long time and inexpensive to buy . thank dove !
these plates are perfect just what i was looking for , the images are a nice size and are perfect for my pedicures .
this is a great product , i was glad to get it at a reasonable price !
nice collection of all sizes in this package . waited quite a while but it was worth the wait . will re-order if needed .
so many brushes . lol . perfect for what i wanted and nice price as well . could not ask for anything better .
the color is quite glossy and solid . it lasts well . i like the color . not too shiny but very warm . good for festivals !
i use retin-a so my skin is very dry . this product provides all the moisturizing i need , soaks in quickly and leaves no oiliness .
5 stars definitely me and my daughter just had a lil nail party just us two and we love the rhinestones
for the price i love it . i add to my cleanser and it works great . skin is so soft afterwards !
i love this , it's a beautiful addition to my bath salt mixture and will definitely keep using and buying it
these did not work for me at all . the only thing they did was spill the acrylic liquid all over myself and the floor .
i had not tried spicing up my manicure before , now i use it a lot ... love the designs ! i will buy this product again ...
overall , it's a nice primer . it's not greasy and can definitely hold up when going head to head with more expensive brands . it's a good value .
i have a hard time finding eyeliner that just glides right on and this eyeliner is the best i have found that does that !
moroccan oil is a great product for damaged hair . however way too pricy ! i'm going back to another hydrating product which is much cheaper .
love this blush ! i've been getting into matte blushes lately and this is a perfect color.very peachy , and pigmented like the other blushes .
i really like this polish - it is glittery , but not too glittery as to look cheap . really gives the nails a fantastic shine .
got it was in good shape love it happy to use it and much more of it thank so much
this isn't the best maybelline mascara product ; it's clumpy on the brush and hard to apply , and it's also difficult to remove .
great base coat if you like a matte finish to your nails . it's definitely makes any nail polish last long , especially when paired with the base coat !
didn't unzit the acne although i was very hopeful . i purchased for my teenage son and we followed instructions and were still not satisfied .
only soap i use on my face which is very sensitive . long lasting , good cleansing , gentle and non irritating , like a lot
applies foundation easily and smooth and gives a buffed and matte look . love this brush much better than other brushes i have tried .
so deep smell but is confortable spray over the neck please used this spray lotion when meet your girlfriend at the park
i like it - it's okay . i have not used it enough to tell anything miraculous about my skin really .
this balm brightens lips and adds the perfect sheen . suddenly i look less dead . haha works for all skin tones like magic .
they look almost natural and i love how they look they are very cheap will continue to buy them in the future
this brush really works . i use it after i apply liquid makeup , helps smooth out lines . easy to keep clean . for the price , great buy
so disappointed . very thick and sticky consistency . way too heavy caused breakouts after one use . also not for sensitive skin caused redness .
i've tried all brands , but keep coming back to neutrogena . they do an excellent job of cleaning , don't rip apart and stay moist in the package .
i used it after i took a shower then blow dry it . it works wonderfully . my hair has the most volume ever . highly recommended !
works great ! dries my hair fast and isn't super heavy . no complaints here . attachments work as they should . great hair dryer .
i love the ph value of this product which also absorbs quickly and the pump that goes with it is very convenient to use
i don't like a lot of makeup and just want something to smooth and even out my skin . this product fits the bill perfectly .
best color i own ! great formula and pigmentation . i posted a pic so everyone can see how true to color it is .
it was what i expected . im very happy with it and think to buy another one . i just love it simple and pratical .
i love love this mascara , gives eyelashes appearance of being so much longer , non irritating , my favorite mascara , beats the high priced items
will be returning it . it's the second one like this that stopped working with only a couple uses . don't buy it ,
but when i receive it at home it was more of a frosty purple color so if you like frost then you'll love this
loreal collagen filler eye treatment was not good as i could not tell that any did any thing at all for the under eyes
i outline and fill in my lips then apply a nude gloss … viola , new color ! ! ! you can even create ombre effects ! ! !
i tried the product and didn't find it made much difference . it provided a little color but didn't last a week . not recommended .
esta sombra trae colores bellisimos para los ojos , aunque llego con un color partido igual la amo muchísimo es la mejor sombra para ojos que he tenido
very strong holo effect , gorgeous polish . i have wanted this for a long time , great product , as described and it shipped quickly , thank you !
these are super cute not too big or too small , each section almost completely full and separated , and the colors are very pretty .
it's well priced , and lasts a long time , and does a good job exfoliating your skin and leaving it nice and smooth .
is it working yet ? ( this is what i ask myself every time i use this stuff ) and i hate the consistency . it feels globby
works as advertised . definitely love it . recommend to anyone . a little drying but it's worth it , just use conditioner after
this product holds hair very firmly in place . i would recommend for all hair types and you will not be disappointed . great price too .
i like this conditioner a lot ! it smells good and isn't too thin . my hair is in good condition since i've been using it .
great smell - - leaves skin clean & refreshed . the indented sides of the bottle make it easier to grip in the shower :)
i no longer need to go to the salon for manicures--this tool lets me clean up my errors with acetone , giving me salon-quality manicures at home .
you need use it work for nail design good price good deal real thin brush good dealyou use it more once
this was my first stamping plate . since this , i have purchased other brands but , i always seem to go back to this one !
these acrylic practice fingers work great for practicing but you have to be careful to use non acetone nail polish remover to clean them before each new use .
these are a really great buy and plenty of variety to experiment with . i cannot wait to use them all .
beautiful images ! some may be a bit small but they will be perfect for accent nails or to do french tips .
light & refreshing unlike othergels i have tried =d oesn't feel sticky after application . good product for the price . i've never seen product in any store .
this dove product smells great and feels even better on your skin . it really hydrates and feels like you are getting pampered .
my wife really loves this dry shampoo . she worked at sally's for a long time and she said this compares to some of the best brands .
it's a great pink color . you can make it a bright as you want . or you can use it to make multi colors .
i'm pleased with it . does what it's supposed to . it was very cheap amd great quality . i would recommend it .
i love these cut flowers i have used them many times and order them frequently because i use them up quickly .
stay away from this . you won't see any differece . it was such a west of my money and my skin . it won't peel or do anything .
this produce works , but it is messy to apply onto the hair . i would prefer it in a liquid . it also dries the hair some .
lotion helps with a great bronze tan . lotion smells good and doesn't leave you greasy.great price for the size of lotion .
this is the perfect gray color nail polish . it lasts a long time and is a staple for me in the fall / winter . would highly recommend !
im so glad i got this , they are cheap and really pigmented . i will be ordering more colors . good product . :)
i didn't think it worked great like i had heard on youtube ... way to expensive and i didn't think it was that great sorry .
i have tried a lot of mascaras and always come back tomaybelline . it is a great value and i can always depend onit to do a good job .
it's perfect for applying powder to finish my under eye concealer , applying highlight above cheekbones forehead and bridge of nose .
really like this product . have used for a few weeks and can see a difference in my nails . my nails are harder and less likely to peel .
the smell is so refreshing . this is a wonderful high end product . i love bathing with this stuff . i keep buying it and love it still .
this has always been one of my favorites but it's hard to find.glad i could find it here.good stuff will buy more
i love the lash brow groomer . it works brilliantly . no need in paying for high end brushes when this is just as good or better .
i love this stuff , eucalyptis and all . its great for tough workouts and sore muscles . really helps alleviate tired miscles but good for an anytime bath !
smells great . refreshing and new after using the same soap for too long . great price . look for the good deals .
i gave this product a perfect score because the color is fun and vibrant . i will wear it with some frequency .
its ok , did not notice anything yet , but i will wait and see until i finish the whole btl .
my eyelashes don't come off or move until i take them off at the end of the day . duo is good quality and dries clear .
its a unique color and love it for the fall time . its not black so i don't feel goth when wearing it . but its cute
i bought this to clean my face and it hurts to use it not only that you cant keep it clean ...
the best curling iron i have ever had . it heats fast and curls great ! i will be back ! thank you ! 5
this face wash is gentle , but does a good job cleansing . it has a very mild and pleasant aroma , and overall a great product !
she seems to like the brushes and had no problems with them , she liked that they held up with out the brushes falling out .
it has every type of brush i need and is in a good looking container it is good when traveling .
i love this product . it smells good and it makes my hair really soft . i will definitely buy this again .
the cream feels great and makes your skin look wonderful.the only downfall is that the ingredients contain a paraben .
i have dark circles no matter what ( love genetics , right ? ) this really helped with covering them up and not making me look ghostly .
i am always concious of my thinning hair in the front . this product is easy to use and works well .
works very well and cheaper than sephora dryer ! ! this is a very good deal from opi . i use it every time i put on nail polish .
messy and did not like the color my stain gloss sounded like just what i was looking fordon't waist your money on this garbage
love this product , is really easy to use , and it looks great .
absolutely love this product . i mostly love the fresh clean smell that stays in your hair through out the day .
i love this lotion and i actually acidently bought two and boy was i glad i did . i love this lotion and it was here the next day !
enjoying wearing this soft lovely fragrance.beautifully packaged in a sweet spray bottle.very pleased with this purchase .
used this product as a toner . it has a very nice light smell ( not overpowering at all ) and feels like super soft water . good product .
this is the easiest way for me to purchase this product and it's not more expensive either . i will order more .
have not started them yet . the winter is long and not warm enough to go to the sun . will post later
i did not like this perfume oil at all because it smelled like rubbing alcohol with a hint of jasmine .
i think this is the best products in my beauty diary . i tried a lot other mask in mbd , but this one is the best .
i didn't see any results from this product . just another item i wasted money on.and i love the yes to carrots line .
my wife and i both use this pleasingly aromatic and mildly moisturizing body lotion . it's a favorite around the house and we can certainly recommend it to others !
i used this product daily on my hard soles and it worked beautifully . i recommend this , for not only calloused soles , for callouses especially .
i love all ed hardy perfume . the first time i got sample , i felt in love with it.after that i want to try all product . amazing .
work well so im happy and got.them for a good proce also so i qill probly.order agin sometime aoon q
love the range of colors and the fact that it comes in a case that fit nicely in my nail tool bag . such a great deal ! ! !
i've ordered from plantlife several times . and always they send you a free sample of something , they're super fast and everything is wonderful .
i love clarins ' exfoliating cleanswer - it is safe enough to use every day and it leaves the skin soft .
this was much darker than i expected from the tiny pictures . i think it will work best in the colder months .
this color comes very close to what i'm looking for and feels great on my lips , not too sticky . i'm loving burt's bees !
this looks so good on me and my daughter . she gets compliments all the time . it's so very pretty , lovely .
this is the third time that i bought this foundation . it does a great job hiding some imperfections . absolutely recommend it !
the price is the best selling point . i have gad other buffers that did a better job . it is uncomfortable to hold when using .
perfect for using before bed . i feel like it moisturizes as well as removes my eye makeup quick and easy .
i saw no benefit from this product but others that i know personally have seen great benefit . oh well , can't work great for every one !
this is a very light parfum in case y thinkits not i could hardly smell it maybe i got the wrong oneits pretty but light
even with cheep acrylic stuff ... the primer works awesome and nail are not lifting at all ... my favorit from now on
i do not start to use itbut is look same with pic and i got it on timegood
for the curly hair was great , make it softer and is not tangled anymore and easy to style again . very satisfied with this product .
wish the replacement heads weren't so expensive but i doubt the generic ones are as good . i will probably try the rip-offs in the future .
they never disappoint , will recommend this brand for first time users , stamping is a quick and easy way to create or recreate beautiful nail designs
i love the contour kit but having a sensitive skin , i tend to break out . however , i still take my chances . love this kit though !
i love all olay products and this is no exception . i have very deep dark circles under my eyes . this helps make them less raccoonier .
i tried one or two mascaras before but didn't continue using any of it . this one is really good . adds volume and makes my eyebrows look good .
this stuff makes my face feel so wonderful ! great for clearing your skin up and keeping it soft and refreshed all day long !
i love these brushes all of the different brushes and tools you would need to create a great makeup look is here and they work great !
love this bronzer .. its perfect for contouring . also good as an eye shadow for a more natual look . very happy w / my purchase .
i don't enjoy the smell but the cleaner is nice and makes me feel refreshed . i like ponds bb cream though !
a great way to relax in the bath and to detox your skin as well . it dissolves nicely and has a light texture .
uncertain at this point , but i think it would perform better if the needles were sharper . there were no instructions with it .
this works so well with gel nails ! it cleans really well and doesnt damage the shine ! ! ! will buy it again !
not that great but not awful .. took forever to get but the brushes are nice an the ones i've tried they're easy to use .
i even washed one of them in the washing machine to lean it . i have been pleased with these brushes .
i love this curling iron its amazing but i hate how your hair can get stuck in it but the price was amazing .
this product does not weigh down my fine limp hair and is reasonably priced . i would recommend it . washes out nicely .
smaller than i thought it would be but overall its pretty full and the little gem look nice . thank you !
excellent colors , excellent price ! the color pigment is gorgeous and true to color . very stunning for the smokey eye subtle - or dramatic !
i love this deep and bright purple color . looks great with many other colors . goes on well , needs 3 coats to cover completely .
product smells great but a little harsh on my skin . feels like sand paper rubbing across my face . maybe not a good product for sensitive skin .
i love this eyeliner its easy to put on and stays on all day if you put on elf eyeshadow & & the elf eyelid primer .
i like this product . has helped my dry skin , and helps other products absorb more thoroughly and more quickly . would recommend .
i use these quiet often . its kinda hard to use at first but practice makes perfect . theyre great for any type of nail designs
it's amazing ! my mother loves it ! she is very happy with how her skin looks smoother . i'll definately recommend this to my friends to try !
i love this product .. very pigmented .. the color is sooo prettyit can be used as a blush ir an eye-shadow ..
this bronzer was great . the 2 colors were great & went on exactly as i expected . i would definitely buy this again .
very amazing cream . lasts a very long time . goes on smooth . does not leave face feeling greasy . i love this stuff .
prolab caffeine tablets are perfect replacement for afternoon coffee breaks . they keep you going and are inexpensive and much more convenient .
was used in the hospital . keeps skin soft and pliable . keep right next to my bed . medline has several very usefulcreams .
this plate is great the patterns are really pretty and there is a nice variety and for the price you can't beat this deal !
buy this for my grandaughter in college and she loves it . what a shock since she is really picky . going to try it myself
i love fun sparkly colors , especially for spring . this one is a nice sparkly pink but doesn't look too immature .
i bought this thinking it would make my make up more flawless looking but it kind of made my make up look kind of flakey .
they don't shed ! and my makeup slides on smooth with these ! i love that they came with there own case !
i used this faithfully for over a month . did nothing ; waste of money . i found some results using prescription triluma .
i really didn't expect it to be so shiny and kind of pearly - it's supposed to be that way i guess but i won't get it again .
i guess it does what it is supposed to . i trust essie products so i will give this more time to make a more educated decision .
this particular conditioning cap does not really heat up well if at all . its a waste of money pick another brand .
i love this eyeliner . he is very black and i don't need to use many times to get the color i want .
i can see a difference to the betterment of my face using this product . i will continue to use it daily .
i definitely wish this product was the 2 pack for the subscribe and save , but i love dove so much i dont care ... keep'em coming !
i buy these as subscribe and save . i love the larger size and softness of these too . great value as well
gose on smoth . decreases but not erases my fine lines around my eyes . like that it has a decent amount of sunscreen
this product works really well . the designs are unique and you are able to use any polish to get the image on your nail .
been through lotion after lotion , cream after cream but this one is incredible and very different . i am hooked !
this argan oil is so luxurious . i couldn't believe the quality of this container of argan oil when it arrived . it arrived timely also .
great scent and a huge bottle . what a deal ! i am more than pleased with this purchase . this bottle will last me a long time !
if you haven't tried nyx cosmetics yet , you are missing out . they are reasonably priced and comparable in quality to pricier brands . i love this concealer !
just got the merchandise yesterday hope product work as well as what i read about it if work i will be ordering more just give it time to work .
i think the colors are beautiful and the quality is great . this would be cool for party's and halloween.my kids love it i bought these for there sleep over
seriously , the best brush . just as good as my sigma foundation brush ! great even for liquid highlighters ! love love love love . seriously .
just what i ordered , nice collection of brushes . can't think of anything else you would need to complete the job .
this shadow primer makes your eye shadows go on smoothly and stay put for the whole day . i have purchased 3 or 4 of them already .
i have absolutely no complaints about this product , and i've used it many times . it heats up pretty quickly and does not leave hair my looking frizzy .
wow what an awesome color , the more coats you add the more amazing the polish becomes.very pleased with thi color selection
invest in it ! it's amazing . has your hair feeling soft , looking shiny and definitely moisturized without the greasiness . thank goodness
i have darker skin , and this made my skin feel smooth , improved my acne , and evened my skin tone . i highly recommend .
yeah . i don't know how tearing holes in my face is supposed to stimulate anything but my nerves , but it hasn't done anything for my face .
i don't like ittoo brighttoo glitteryturns you of , . not a nice shadeyet definetly great quality : s
this was a little awkward to use because of its size but over all its awesome ! it has great designs !
tore up the first time i used them . useless product . did not even stay intact long enough to soak off a single nail . complete rip off .
i've been loving the french nail style lately and this set has everything you need ! the angle brush is a great add !
problem is i can't find them anymore i wish i could they were refreshing and seemed to last for hours
great product which blends perfectly with my skin and hair tones . leaves soft highlights that look natural and lasts all day . shipped quickly .
doesn't take up much room in my small bathroom and i really like the smell . i keep it in the shower .
i really love this product ! it exfoliates well and leaves my face feeling great . i use it every other day to once a day .
* the rimmel eyeliners are not very easy to apply * you will need to heat them up prior to applying * try something different , like covergirl eyeliners liquidline
exactly what expected . they are wonderful quality . i was very happy overall . i would suggest these to anyone who loves nail art .
colors are pretty . i tried 2 and they went on smooth and felt very soft . i will be using them in the near future .
this product is perfect for taming my unruly hair . it is smooth and not much needed to do the trick !
this is a well constructed brush that gives the sensation of a head massage with every stroke . seems like it will last for forever .
heavy for blondes ... it is the worst product i've ever used ... made hair look greasy like it hasn't been washed in days .
lover the large bottle , this fragrance is exceptional , love it use it everyday , would recomend this product to everyone or even anyone , great quality
seriously , this oil literally smells like jasmine scented mothballs . do not purchase this cologne unless you have a larvae infestation ! ! !
the color last about three weeks on my nail . happy with this product . would buy this brand again . nice . very nice blue color !
this eyeliner does not wear as advertised . it runs and by midday looks like you have dark circles under your eyes .
dove visiblecare body wash has a nice texture and pleasant scent . i think it moisturizes better than dove moisturizing body wash , which i used to use .
good shipping time and the nails were awesome . i use these with my gel polish and they work perfect together
tried this out as i save up to buy the clarisonic . the brittles are softer than i wanted but for the price , i am ok .
these lashes look nice but are kind of hard to put on . if you get decent glue they'll probably be ok .
consider this item especially for winter , it's creamy , balmy , rich texture perfect for the naked eye area wonderful price , can't bit it !
my dermatologist recommended this . it protects from the sun and helps combat acne . i love how light weight it is . i recommend it .
very nice hair product and great quality , makes my hair feel soft and manageable and the price is great so i would recommend it for more straight hair
i've been using this for about a week . works great , actually easier to use without the glove . much easier than a curling iron .
i know a lot of people like this but i just don't get it . it didn't make a difference with my make up .
i was pleased to see that the powder did not crumble with use . it will be long lasting and the color is perfect .
i love these and they were such a great value . they even clean very well so it was a really good investment . not even a big investment .
i use this spray exclusively and have been for several years . best spray for eliminating frizz moist weather . does not build up ! hair shines !
this is the softest brush i have ever used ! forget those rough and expensive ones , like mac . eco tools are divine .
it works well , but i already have a split in one seam on the side . they need to reinforce the stitching .
the brushes are great , i am so happy that i ordered them and any one that buys them will too
the smell is amazing . keeps my hair tame and manageble ! i have used this for years and still love it .
i just love it , great coverage , colors as advertised.it lasts forever .. and they fit my skin tone .. a little does wonders 5 starsssssss :d
its good for setting concealer but its little product so i wouldnt used it in all my face.the yellow gives a good tone to the under eye .
the perfect light blue ! very delicate and opaque . you will be fine with just 2 coats and seche vite fast dry top coat .
when my eyes watered it came right off . no staying power at all . went on easily but i will not wear it again
they almost work but don't stick well and kinda mickey mouse made . mrs . chancellor having a bad neck tape day !
i love this brand , i have many other brushes and they are all quality . check them out bc they are worth while . cant beat the price
i really like this product as it has a smooth creamy texture but sinks into my skin and it appears to lessen the lines .
the makeup works better than i had hoped . it is waterproof and stays on unil i remove it . no more smudges or raccoon eyes .
it was not what i was expecting . i have a combinated skin and i makes me very oily . does not make whats its says .
fast shipment ! ! ! works great on weaves for taming and detangling hair ! ! ! i would defininely recommend.to friends and family to use .
not a fan of most self tanning products . however , this one builds a gradual tan with regular use and doesn't have an obnoxious odor .
it works good on my hair ! all this loreal line " mythic oil " nourishes hair and them looks great after this product .
love it i am going to do my nails of just this sweet ... i will do it for this summer wow !
i recommend this product for people with thin to meduim hair . hair does not get tangled in it . i've used several similar products and recommend this one .
it has realy a dramatic effect on the face itraied it on my mother face and she realy liked the result
just like all fads they come and go and i believe this to be among the fads that will soon be gone .
like the colors for evening or even day time . you can create amazing looks with this palette . good pigmentation . well worth it . :-) :-) :-)
this one did not work for me . nose strips were perfect but the face strip just does not the trick .
i like these brushes for nail art . they really help with detailing nail art and very easy to use every time .
actually made my hair silver / white . i would give zero stars if it was possible . brunettes should try a different product .
the product is good and they are what i was expecting its a good product and for a good price
i love this 3 pack of colors . they feel great on and look amazing ! don't have anything else to say .
wow ... this is the best product i have ever used on my hair it makes your hair silky and not dry out ! ! !
i think this was a very great deal , will be purchasing again , and the product works great is as described
i love that this product buffs really good and leaves a soft finish like it should be :-) will buy again
my tween daughter used some of her birthday money to purchase these - she loves them and has fun painting detailed designs on her nails with these .
love this product i have very thin hair and it gives me body for sure highly recommended and i like the smell .
not the wig i received . the one i have is very thin , bad stitches and the color is in the wrong place .
it feels good when i apply it under my eyes . it makes me look a little more awake each day before work .
this is not a harsh cleanser but does a good job cleansing . it is like a gel and sometimes comes out too fast so have to gently squeeze .
works as all caffeine products . available in bulk for a very reasonable price . bottle is recyclable . bubble packages are not for me .
when using this please add black mascara to you eye lashes first to bring out the glitter look . i love all of the colors
this brush is a little stiffer than the brush i prefer for my concealer . this makes it perfect for eye shadow .
nice product . seems like it will last a long time . pretty shimmer in neutral shade without being too much . would recommend .
genuine mac cosmetics lip wear product.new and sealed.beautiful soft color ( mauve family ) will look good on all complections .
bought this for a friend and she loves it . she uses it to make extra cash in her spare time .
it definitely sticks on the nail however it stretches very weird it doesn't leave a clean cut other than that it's nice :)
love this product for my back but probably not for my nose . it smells terrible but i can endure it for a nice , soft back without acne .
this smells lovely and makes your hair very soft but be careful not to use to much or it can make your hair look dirty
i like this fragrance very much . i have been using it since , like 10 or 15 years ago . my wife likes it too .
i am very happy with this product . not only did it arrive fast , it is also good quality . couldn't be happier with all the different sizes
this is th perfect color if you are going for a neutral . it has a nice pink without being to much .
item came in less than a week and was much larger than i expected . would order from these people again.diane simmons / texas
this is a gentle foaming and effective cleanser , my face feels clean and smooth feeling after using it , feels clean without feeling dry !
i love this color .. everyone loved it and wanted it ! ! ! essie has gorgeous colors and this is by far my favorite
nice periwinkle color ! three coats to come out more opaque but most defiantly worth it . wears nice , love ibd gel nail polish !
very happy with this product gives great coverage and i love the sun protection in it . i will definitely order this again
works great for nail art or projects that involve painting very small areas ! !
i love this product . it come a day earlier so that was good . i can use it in case i get spider eyelashes .
i have only use it like 3 times . its okay a waste of money though because its difficult to heat the packs and stuff it into the tarp
the product is good , i really like it . my nails are strong and growing . my polish stay longing and that good
i got this for dying my hair & it works great ! i'm thrilled with the results of how it works , no need for fancy when dying it
nice for sinuses and your skin ! my family uses this for both ! nice for sinuses and your skin ! my family uses this for both !
this was so easy to use . the directions are clear , making the process quick and painless . i would highly recommend this product to others !
this head is great for displaying wigs or hats . it's a realistic size and works well . excellent for displaying sunglasses as well .
love this product - this eyeliner is perfect - affordable , easy to use glider pen , one of my favorite milani purchases by far
i tried it it went on ok it just wasnt thick enough . so i dont really care for it but it u like that way its for you
this has made my damaged hair more healthy and shiny . works immediately and smells great too ! and no alcohol added .
my kids use conditioner like it's free so to find a good product for a cheap price was great ! thanks !
i still can't decide if it's gold or pink ! but it's gorgeous on my nails ! i've actually gotten a couple compliments on the color .
another olay product i love , can " t say enough about this product either , its wonderful to use , makes my skin very soft
love it . works well . solid construction . i'm so impatient that i barely hold the thing on my lashes more than five seconds , but it works .
this took awhile for me to love but i really do love it now . it works exactly like it's supposed to and it works with my hair .
good addition to any nail art collection . good clear images that test stamped clear & precise . recommended for nail stamping .
i had been looking for a nude lipstick that works with my chocolate complexion . this dries matte so be sure to use a balm under it .
i am very pleased with this lotion . i got sooo dark using this after only 3 sessions tanning ! ! love love love it ! ! :)
this is just an amazing face moisturizer ! smells great , doesn't irritate me at all , works well on dry patches i have .
color is very rich & deep , only one coat necessary . great for stamping , nail art and regular painting ! best holos out there .
not sure if this is really doing much for me . skin seemed a bit dry still after using with the serum and facial cleanser .
great product , smells nice , nice texture . however the color is lighter than i expected . overall i still really liked it .
i thought i was ordering a combination lotion and sunscreen . it feels awful on my skin so i won't be using it .
love this acne mask . been using the product for two weeks now and have noticed an improvement on my face .
small amount for alot of packaging . light coverage that is not well sustained over the day - needs to be reapplied often .
i guess i was expecting something creamier , but this is nothing more than hair grease . not what i was looking for .
the amount of false nails you get and for the price , come on , it's a no brainer ! i love them !
this product was well worth the price . it works just as well as the higher price brand . i will buy again
this was perfect for a 1st time user to the gelish uv nail polish experience . has everything a person needs .
ordered this at the recommendation of a friend . glad i listened to him . nice emollient soap . i chose the lavendar scent .
love the formula . my lashes are amazing ! ! ! doesnt fall off . i can take it off very easyly . i recommended . love it
i ordered a second one . it works ! my ( varicose ) veins are almost unnoticeable . i don't think it helps the spider ones .
item came early and they work great . the item was well packed . i love them now i can start extensions without using artificial nails
sturdy , quality construction . the one i had finally had collected too much lint to clean . the density of the bristles is about perfect .
i bought it two times . always my favorite mascara . brush is good for volume . just love it . thanks . i'll buy again and agian
so pretty . the color reminds me of a peacock feather . it is blue in one light , green in another purple in another . get this color .
love this product . i have challengingly rough feet and this product softens them without making my feet feel greasy . love the hand cream too !
i love this color very much it is super pretty but the only thing is it chipped very easily even with 2 coats of a top coat
wife says it is a good nail strengthener , but the matte part is not very good . still looking for good matte finish .
this was not the bottel i was expecting , however it is 4 oz . very tiny bottel . but for 5 bucks what did i expect .
i love this soap , it smells so fresh and clean and fruity ! i have noticed it seems not to dry my hands out like other soaps .
definetly i recomend this product , is very good a does a good work in the nails , i always use it with all of my nail polish
i have been buying this conditioner for years . it gives hair such a great texture and shine as well as a really nice smell
such a pretty pale / light color . covers nice with 2 coats of polish . if you like a very light pale pink , this is perfect .
i think these are my favrite and the case opens individually for the color using amd you get a lot for the price you pay ! ! !
does what it says . you can use these on the go for deep removal of oil and dirt . very simple . it works .
so far this is the powder i usually buy along with cover girl , depending which is on sale and it is a good product .
i have long , thick hair . it all fits into this cap comfortably . i would buy again .
there so easy to use . i use them in the evening and think they do a great job cleaning your face .
i use this brush when i'm blow drying my hair to get the little curly baby hairs up in front . works fantastically for that
good soap , fits our no-touch machine perfectly . the soap leathers well and smells fresh and clean . the soap is not drying and leaves my skin soft .
the sleep mask had a wonderful leopard design and was a sturdy fabric . may work better in a quiet dark room /
it was easy to use and the results look professional . good way do your own nails at home at a low cost .
this works well on my thick , coarse , wavy hair . it is very rich and creamy and does not contain sulfates .
love this brush . i have had much luck with the ecotools brand . everything i bought has been super soft and great quality . <3
totally toned and correct my brassy blonde hair wish there was a worldwide shipping of shampoos , but its really worth the price
i prefer very exfoliating sponges and scrubs and these were not so . i guess they may be ok for everyday use .
i really like the highlights that i get from this light brown on very dark 4b hair . but , it does not cover grey .
broke after about 2 months . really didn't see much difference , except helped with product absorption . i would not buy again , look for one made better .
i love these sticks . i got a lot of them ( maybe 40 ) . i wish i wouldve gotten more of a variety
i bleach my hair and although my hair isn't fried i can tell it is damaged . this is conditioner works very well .
love the designs on this plate ! practice makes perfect with any konad plate ! i like that some of the floral patrerns are bigger on this plate .
the price it right . not better than mac products but will do . powder brush sheds too much though . awesome price
it works so far it can burn little bit at first , just have to get used to it . nice soap and smell .
i bought this to make design ( peacock on light pink - pink smoothie with silver - water field ) on nails . pure white , good constancy .
oh , bad luck me , 10 of 5 it were broken . i won't buy this again any more , cheap cheap cheap .
these arrived very quickly but are very hard to work with . and 2 of them have broke after practicing nail art with them
i gave this nail polish rack a perfect score because it's the perfect size for my enormous nail polish collection .
but i still had problem getting cotton ball inside to stay in place while pushing finger in . wish it had a few extras in case i lost one .
this is a comforting balm . i used it on a couple of burns i received while cooking and on some psoriasis spots on my face .
i spray my clothes and my daughter's clothes with this every day and we always get compliments . an excellent conversation starter !
i recently started paying closer attention to my eyebrows . i'm happy with this . does not look very fake . i have not tried the wax yet though .
i am obssesed with all real techniques brushes ! they work like high end brushes with out the high end price tag !
if you like brut deodorant body spray then this is a more potent version in the form of cologne . nice fresh bright scent that is not overpowering .
this is the best i ever used . i like it very much . it makes my life full of good-hair day .
the color is very calming and delicate . it is kind of like somewhat dirty pink . looks professional and isn't loud to wear to work .
great choice . she like mostly all of this product , but this is one of my favorites .. i love when she puts it on ..
the color was fantastic ! i think the price was great , the item arrived fast . will purchase again in the near future !
i like this set pretty good . i haven't tried all the shadows yet but the ones i have tried are pretty pigmented .
i really like this product . as a natural hair gal , my scalp often needs oiling .. this didn't disappoint . i will definitely buy again .
this shampoo works great as first step shampoo . i am african american and an old hairstylist of mine used to use this on me . nice price also .
this stuff is kinda sticky but definitely keeps my curls curly ! i would recommend to a friend ! etc . etc . etc .
would i order this again no not , up to my expectations ! cheap price not very effective . you get what you pay for ! ! !
it was very reasonably priced , therefore making it ideal for gift-giving ... a close friend's recommendation prompted me to buy this cologne
these rubber bands are good in that they don't break , but being no damage essentially means that they always fall out of my hair .
this gelish color works and look's great ! i layer it over the top of solid colors and it looks really nice . i recommend you try this color .
definitely a great product and worth the price since you can buy the same thing at sally's for $ 8 . very cute .
wanted to take a chance on lash serum and chose this . used a month with no measurable difference . save your money and keep looking .
very good lip glosses eyeshadow mascara . i love the quality and it stays on all day and all night i might even buy another
hard to pick up the tiny pieces , but it did come with nail glue which is handy . shipping took a long time
omg ! it worked ! it hurts so much when you pull it off but it was worth it , totally worth it !
this toner is great ! my skin feels absolutely amazing when i use it ! i don't think i will be able to use another product after this one !
used this now for five weeks . it works ok on my fine lines but the search for my real issue continues . did nothing for the dark circles .
shipped well , came early and love all hunger games polishes , mix it with other old nail polishes makes fun for kids
with practice they look very natural . you can trim them a little if needed . can last up to a week or more with the right glue .
still hasnt faded my marks and i'm down to nothing .. i applied 2 days a day and i'm not convinced that it actually works .
i've tested this a couple of times now and followed the directions and sadly it doesn't look good :( can't say i'll be buying again , ever .
i really enjoy using these cloths , it is great for my sensitive acne prone skin . i only use them to remove makeup if when i wear it .
i didn't like this liner . i should just stick to black , this didn't show very well on my eyes . disappointed .
nice smell , easy to work in but it doesn't hold thick hair well enough to replace my current product ( axe for thick hair ) .
good colors for a cheap price . the polish has a nice glossy look and if you use a top coat will last over 6 days .
i think this is pricey for acetone . i recommend going to your local beauty supply store and buying what ever's cheap .
i tried to go darker , but this washed me out ! it felt like paste on my skin . i wouldn't buy this again
it has a ton of designs ! my daughter really liked it i hope she uses all of these designs :)
the colour was darker than i expectedi ordered my shade by it was darkerwas a bit dissapointedthe covereage is okay , not great but it works
finally ... this products really works ! i have skimpy eyelashes and this product builds them up , leaves no clumpy look and waterproof .
not what i thought it was going to be for me . i will not do that again because it do not a thing for my lips .
got my glue in a reasonable amount of time & it's regular nail glue for a good price ! i would order again .
perfect for my areas where the lines are getting started . i also like it on my neck not greasy at all and absorbs fast !
this earthy scented cream smooths on and absorbs into your skin . skin feels smooth and fresh looking . i used up the tiny jar and have to reorder .
love this for my eyebrows as this keeps them in place . glad i purchased this item . thank you . good for eyelashes as well .
i really like these . im sad that they are getting discontinued . they truly are great products ... i really really love them !
doesnt weight down my face , i can breathe and keeps me moisurized all day . i love it . not just for pre teens
very good product love i always use opi polish and this makes my polish last longer and stay pretty longer
very nice product , goes on well . a little messy when i tried to add more product and had some on my hands , otherwise no complaints
this is very good lotion that works well and smells good . it arrived exactly as expected and works as expected .
lot for your money they are very pretty to use to decorate your nails and i love the colors love them ! ! !
very oily and honestly i don't think it really helped so anything . raw shea butter and calendula or tamaran did way better
excellent , very good ingredient list , pure and organic , works well , skin is much smoother after weeks of use , thanks !
this sheer color goes great over midnight caller . it came quickly and would recommend this to anyone who wants a great gel polish .
love love love this tanning lotion ! it gets me so dark , and smells fricken amazing ! def going to buy some ..
i've used this maybelline product for many years ; no complaints . better than most higher-priced eye makeup removers ; why pay more ?
fun summer color that will brighten your day ! two coats is plenty for nice coverage and then let the fun begin ! !
i have use this product before and i love what it does makes your skin nice and tight , it's great .
thought i would try this product as an extra ' frizz tamer ' that would work well with wen cleanser and it does .
it works well , especially with my under eye eyeliner tray---stays put all day , without any sealant-thankyou so much , jennifer lil k
love the texture of the lip liners and the colors are great , but they are very alike and i was expecting for more variety
bought this for my daughter and she loves it , we couldn't get it to work at first but we figured it out after a while .
yes just like a cake pop at the infamous coffee shop . a very unique pink love this shellac color .
very coolbut i have a problemwritten on the device 120vand tried it on 110vbut i want to use on 220 v and i am afraid that is burning !
they make any hairstyle look gorgeous.recommended 100 % , cheap but a lot of quality.my review is 100 % satisfied . <3
it works ! it sticks ! it's perfect.worked just fine in keeping my top on and was easy to remove , no sticky glue against my skin
i love the way this make up feels and looks and it even smells good . i have very sensitive skin and have no problem with this make up .
1 . volumizing hair means to blow the shaft apart which is totally unhealthy for your hair , and this product is crap . save your hard earned money !
this looks like a great color but you would literally have to put on 6-8 coats to see the color right .
good product , well pigmented , long lasting beautiful finish , the balm does just fine in its function of hydration , i give it three stars of punctuation
love the hair dryer and it reslly cuts the time i spend doing my heair . i recommend this very much
the exfoliator is a key ingredient that works very well with the serum , eye cream and night cream to obtain excellent results . i strongly recommend it .
oh man , this product does wonders for you . it's like you've splashed angel clouds on your body . it makes it all soft :d
these set of brushes are great ! professional quality . works well with picking up eye shadow ! this is absolutely " must haves " .
dove is unique among beauty bars , its moisturizing quality and fragrance make it my favorite.it is worth paying more for it .
this is perfection at its best . this blends so nicely . it is very light and conceals like magic . i would not use anything else . ever !
not too dramatic . look great on and no need to add mascara to your eyelashes . i buy in bulk ! love
it was in great shape when i received it ! and it was exactly what i needed for my collection . thank you !
i have very acne prone skin and this stuff keeps the oil down and really keeps my face soft and moisturized . love it .
really good basic eye shadow pallet although this is way too over priced.luckily i found this for 5.00 on ebay ! !
i have used this brow gel for some years now and l just love it . applicator is terrific at separating brows .
looks ok from far away , but a bit cheap when up close . holds hair up nicely , though keeps it up .
never sure about the chick magnet quality of the product but sometimes you need to smell great and be clean and this works in that regard .
works great , doesnt make a mess , dries clear and doesnt rip my eyelashes out when i remove the fake lashes
very nice and not cheap at all . i wash them all the time and they are still in great shape .
nice way to make flat hair shine again . you will however need to remove it everyday to it get oily
one of my favorite and that says a lot . i only use 2 colognes i'm very picky about scents . i keep two bottles on my dresser .
very nice , clean , sexy scent . this scent is very light and not overpowering at all , my husband loves it and so i . good buy
all 40 pairs were the same wich was n9t advertised wont be rebuying this crap . dont waste ur money please
this straightener really gets the job done well and fast i love how it heats up so fast and after i finished ironing my hair it leaves it so shine
good buy for a young girl just starting out with makeup . gave them as a christmas gift and all i heard was ooooh aaaaah .
i just did my nails at home for the very first time and these products worked well . follow instructions and make sure to use thin coats !
i started using this in mid january and haven't really noticed too much hair regrowth yet , but i haven't lost anymore hair either .
i saw this product for the first time on amazon's site and tried it . love the smell . will purchase again .
i will always have wen fig cleansing conditioner in my shower . this cleansing conditioner makes my hair feel incredible imediately . my hair thanks you too !
luv this item too now i can't wait til my mother in law to get her nails done so i can make them look better
love this brush set , i'm already using it and they all work great . very soft , and good coverage . i would definitely buy again .
i bought this based on lots of good reviews , and my husband couldn't be happier with it . he said he can't stop smelling his wrist at work .
i love maybelline products this is one i plan to keep buying it gets the job done a 5 star product
i love this thing ! i use it almost in a daily basis . its so easy to use too . great product !
they came early with was good my girl friend dose love useing them she loves using them to do nail art and i got all 5 of the fingers
nice mousse and great price . dosent make hair feel weighed down but gives you control of your hair =) smells nice as well .
this product works really fast . i saw great results almost immediately ! i even ordered a few tubes for my mother and she loves it too .
excellent product , only a small amount is required . not greasy . can also be used when in water and re applied after a few hours if needed
works as designed ; very conditioning to the cuticles and skin . smells really , really good . price is right . i will repurchase .
seems to do what it says . i just use it to seal the ends of my hair . i like that it isn't too heavy .
this had zero flaws in the needles and is much easier to use than a regular wide one around nose and eyes . super .
this glitter is not sparkly , it just looks like you have tiny spots on your face . good for kids to play around with though .
i have bought this product 3 or 4 times already . i use it every morning and love it ! i replace other face wash with this one .
this blush is really nice never tried too-faced products , but this isa keeper . you have three different colors or blend as one makesfor a beautiful blush .
beautiful vibrant colors . this isn't cheap ! this is a sturdy clip for you hair just gorgeous ! the detail is superb
excellent product , works well and the price is right . i noticed a definite change in my under-eye skin in about 6 weeks ..
i love this cleanser . it smells great and does a fabulous job washing off my make-up . it even takes off the waterproof mascara very well .
i use this brush fairly often and it has held up extremely well . great value and supreme quality . very smooth on the face .
didn't think i'd get much from this product but it's very pigmented and very convenient when doing makeup for my friends and family . :) will definitely buy again .
this mascara will give your eye lashes awesome length , the best , but it flakes ? its back to the drawing board .
this nail polish is super sparkly and shiny ! essie is a great brand and anything sparkly makes it even better (:
lots of colors , great quality and smells like frosted carrot cake ! so great and i am so glad i ordered it .
would have been better if they came in a dark brown color , but they did the job all the same and i am satisfied the the quantity of then
i have naturally curly hair and am in a constant battle against frizz . this shampoo along with its companion conditioner left my curls silky and shiny .
the product does not work as advertised . i used the product for 4 months with no results . my puffiness was not reduced . no miracle here .
bought two sets for my cousins , they are going to love them , these brushes are softer than i had expected .
this gell did nothing at all . i religiously put it on specific areas for weeks and nothing changed . don't waste your time
this truly is a gentle exfoliant . it works nicely , isn't harsh at all and leaves the skin looking and feeling refreshed and healthy !
i was very anxious to get this product . my expectations were huge and were reached . i encannta this product . i would buy again without hesitation .
the blushes are super pigmented , which makes the product overall outstanding . the product is long lasting and this palette especially gives you all the colors you need .
this is such a great ! ! ! it was exactly as i expected i'm so happy with it ... i highly recommend this here product ...
you can't go wrong buying the perfume its worth every penny smell is wow great and it last for a while too
perfect size . supeer soft . easy to clean . it is a great deal for the price and arrived super fast . very happy with it .
i love this product my face feels clean and fresh i love the little exfoliating beads and it smells good does not dry out facegreat buy
it is a nice head band , it is a pretty bright gold color , but not in a bad way . very pretty .
i purchased this set for my multiple trips . they are great ! very soft , durable and lightweight . the bag is perfect for packing in my carry-on .
this shampoo works well and smells great . decent lather . doesn't fade my color treated hair . the conditioner is great too .
love this eye pallette as the name is sleek pigmentation and quality of the shadows is excellent its beautiful colors i'm very happy
great low cost product for your nails ! ! i've purchased many stones in the past and these were well worth my money and you get a lot .
sucked up all my makeup . was hard to get my foundation and concealer to blend with this . very disappointed . will not be using or purchasing again .
muy bueno , para que la mujer quede con un olor y una fragancia muy agradable y seductora para el hombre
love this brush - precise application makes for an effortless makeup routine ! so glad i bought this brush over more expensive options !
i have used this twice and both times it just made my hair darker and gritty looking at the scalp ; i would no way recommend this product .
this smells wonderful compared to other clarifying shampoos . i use it once a week to remove build up of styling products .
good quality brushes , i recomand , you can do any art nails you need , it has every brush you can think of .
makes your dry hair smooth , shiny , and soft in an instant ! great for people with frizzy hair that is difficult to tame .
wow i just love love this blush , it gives you just the right color and afterwards you see a glims of kinda light in your cheeks !
this body wash smells amazing and it makes my skin feel so soft after showering ! i find it very moisturizing and i will def be purchasing more !
no no no - bad . i should have known but i thought i'd give it a try . only buy this for halloween purposes .
this lotion seems to work as well as any other expensive brand lotion for eczema . not my favorite but it is a good product .
its a good peel it works good for in home use but it doesnt take off all the dead skin as a stronger peel
i love these , they are wonderful colors and glitters , the colors are vibrant and beautiful , and the glitters and gorgeous .
these colors are so pretty , you have so many different looks you can create with this kit ... they blend so well ...
it is a good enough cleanser for light makeup but not for removing mascara or eyeliner .
i like the art . i rate it 4 stars for i haven't tried stamping with it yet . i hope i won't be let down .
got these pretty fast was surprised i used them once just got to get use to using them but not too bad as a product
had to return on christmas morning ! :( the light didn't work at all !
my granddaughter is a hair stylist . the salon sells this product , and i purchased it cheaper than the salon price .
this stuff is awesome ! it lengthens and thickens without clumping . but still looks natural and not fake . thank you mally !
it really helps and i also really like the smell of it ! i would suggest this to anyone who wants to keep their cuticles strong and smooth !
i absolutely adore the packaging on these . a pretty way to containe such pretty nail products . i can't wait to try these out .
this color was pretty good on me , but it was not a perfect match . this would be a backup makeup .
gross smell and destroyed hair and did nothing for my itchy scalp . i used it once then threw the rest away
i really liked the dotting tools , but i still haven't had the need to use the brushes . it's a good amount of items for the price .
love these . so cute for nail art designs or a phone case . i will be purchasing again when these run out !
awesome product look forward to using this and seeing good results i am very excited . perfect a + + + all the way .
i agree with another reviewer ... you have to add at least 3 coats . it's too sheer for me . will give it away .
using another item , so decided to use it instead . will be using instead in the future , the item is good .
good good to be the most part of the most popular and its a good time to get the best
i love this soap . it makes me feel very clean and a little goes a long way . the lather is very rich .
i have heavy brown eyes and the purples make my eyes stand out . love it , be . thanks again for your products !
i am not a makeup wearer , but when i do , this goes on very easy and smooth and it lasts all work day .
it smells of coconuts and vacations . it works really well too . i am happy with my choice of the dry shampoo .
its cute and works . love the color selections . wonderful buy ! will get one as a gift for someone else soon .
it is going to go great with the halloween custom , the wig looks very natural and we got it at a fantastic low price .
doesnt shed , works really well , i love how big it is . really helps with my blending . i love it , its great quality
perfect blending power and stays on all day ! this covers alot but is thin and you cant even feel it on your face .
purchased 2 heads for storing and styling wigs . they are a bit small , but if you t-pin the wig on it'll stay . meh !
i love the color and texture . its just as pretty as pictured i will be buying more colors & would recommend
i use all avani products because they make my skin very youthful looking and rid all lines . i have used them for years .
this product does exactly what it claims . it will give your hair added shine without making it look greasy . smells great , too !
love this glitter . takes not long to dry , and the glitter coats take 2-3 to make opaque . very nice . simple , yet elegant .
this product has really worked to end my dry scalp and flaking . when used like a pomade it holds up throughout the day . recommended .
good price , convenient especially if you have prime and about average in size and quality . i do like the ribbon for some reason .
i didn't see any results . i also don't like how this feels . feels like i'm applying a gritty mud to my face .
excellent product . works perfectly . excellent for the people who like stamping their nails . that's wonderful . i would recommend this to everyone .
this is the perfect little make up mirror it folds compactly to put away and adjusts to nearly all angles
i have been using this for about a year and am well pleased with it . no problems with product to date .
don't order this if expecting to be full cover nails to just glue , paint and wear . they are tips and very disappointed with the purchase .
bought 2 of these . my husband uses it everday . good comb to keep his hair in line . would buy again .
well so far this pencil does gives your eyeshadow life is a good high lighter for the conversation of your inner eye definitely a most have ! !
beautiful but i was hoping for a dark sexy purple but it's really light purple and almost looks like purple ish red
makes the makeup stay on all day even through sweat , smells good and moisturizes . this productt is amazing for the price !
great colors , easy to use , great price the qualityof this pencil are good and have colors diferentscome on time and in perfect shape too
works great ! skin feels soft and smooth after use . would totally recommend for anyone who wants softer more youthful looking skin
helped my nails grow fast , but they still grew out very weak & brittle . but if all you need is length then i recommend this baby .
durable sweet and elegant for me ! i think it is a great fragrance for the price . use it on the evenings and casual dates
... for the same price you can buy 2 packs of 8 men's 100 % cotton white t-shirts and they work great ! just a tip .
it's okay from the description i thought i would have mega lashes and i don't , it does wash off easy and doesn't clump
i purchased this gel nail polish through amazon . it is the perfect color of white to use for a french manicure . very happy with this vendor .
this is super nice.our nail tech daughter was super impressed with the quality.great value.would highly recommend.ty
i am a makeup artist so i know how to fix broken makeup so i did that rather than the hassle of returning
bought this as a gift for french manicures and she loves it . holds the nail polish remover as expected . great dish .
these are shiny and look just like a metal rose . the bottom is curved to fit onto the nail without gaps .
best i've found for my sensitive eyes ! no puffiness or dark circles any more . non greasy , absorbs quickly . highly recommended .
i like no transfer lipsticks , and i like the plum shade provided by this line , it matches my nc35 comaplexion perfectly .. staying power is quite good .
this product definitely steps up your manny and pedi . opi polish already lasts long but this was just a nice added bonus .
it works well for medium designs , but if you use the extra large plates , you will need a larger stamper .
this is lightweight and works wonderfully ! i'm so glad i found this product . my skin feel smooth all day ! definitely will order again .
good product , but maybe wrong color.it is maybe too pink for me.but , good coverage and blendable.good for blemishes .
i had a cg transitions polish i liked and wanted a very similar color that stayed the same whether top coated or not and this is it !
i do not notice a difference when i use this product . i like there shampoo but this doesn't do much for me
the liner - a felt-tip pen - excellent means for the hollywood arrows . shooters turn out equal and beautiful with little effort
i really like this scent and si does my husband ! smells fantastic ! and lasts a long time throughout the day
i like the texture but the colors is completely different than the photo or also than the name . i tried many colors and only one fit as described .
works really well for getting nail polish and extra glitter and all the things we use to dress up our nails .
suave naturals conditioner , tropical coconut - 22.5oz.suave got it right ! its refreshing & simple and cleans my hair really good !
not much i could say about cotton rounds . these work well and can take off my makeup without using 25 rounds at a time .
i love theses they are a good size for me . little rhinestones in them make it sparkle . i'm thinking of getting in gold tone also .
i love the black of this gel liner . its a good product , i only wish it lasted a bit longer .
this came off in about an hour . added another coat . same story . don't bother with this . save your money honey .
this is an excellent product i am so glad i purchased this it is everything i expected . i would purchase this product on a regular basis .
i have used this everytime i have put makeup on since it came and i really like it . thanks again
the flexi rods are quite good in quality ... arrived on time and work very well ... my hair was really curly
is not what i image but it works well i use it . for a great price . i think it should me more thinner .
i receive tons of compliments when wearing this fragrance . it arrive when promised and the price was outstanding ! i will order again without a doubt .
i have used the 3 day and it has helped my cuticles alot and my nail look better so i will keep using
so many colors they will last forever & there is so many uses for them it was definitely a great buy at a great price
i use it with clove for thyroid . i also use it for a spicier warmer scent in my oil diffuser .
nice product . holds bottles snuggly . works with round or square bottles . holds a bottle tipped on side securely which is what i was looking for .
use this product and several similar wen products everyday you will use only this once you try it several nice smelling choices
item arrived in a purple color.very pleased with the quality.ive used it several times now . i am always happy !
just what i was looking for to complete all my nail projects my customers love it i always use thank you
i have been using nivea q10 skin firming body lotion for about 1 year now and i love the way my skin looks and feels . thank you .
my new designs are great , i love all designs . i need more time to use them . my friend bought this item too
i use this before i curl my hair and it works like a dream . i have long blond hair and this is like magic on it .
this mascara doesnt flake or smudge even on lower lashes and is easy to remove . i use a lash curler first and it helps keep the curl .
these seem to be nice plates except they are small , which is ok if you have short nails or are just going to use them for french tips !
this image plate is very well designed and the designs are pretty good as far as stamping goes . it does transfers easy .
i have very frizzy hair . my aunt told me to try it & i did . it is magical in how smooth it makes my hair
i've used this on my skin since i was 17 years old . it works amazing ! i've tried other products , but none to my liking .
this is light . i can see where people would like it , but i don't , and i can't understand why exactly .
these look way too fake and the glue doesnt stick on them . the band is too thick and the hair is too stiff
at first , this brush head looked intimidating and i thought it would be too rough for my sensitive skin , but it is very comfortable and soothing .
so many colors ! i got this for my teenager , she swears by it ! says its got great colors and last long .
i love this smell out of all her other fantasy scents but it is toilette so it's not that long lasting or strong ,
good quality polish in a beautiful color .. this i why i love essie .. no one else does pastel creams like essie !
it's just perfect . i actually don't have much to add . it does all it's supposed to and helps to keep my manicure perfect longer .
great coverage , more than enough product for the price . will definitely use this again next halloween , for myself and my boyfriend .
i really like this color . i think it goes well with any skin tone and with all seasons . this is one of their best bright colors .
this gel massages in well and is very soothing . it is working very well . i like it better than the now product which is a bit too gummy
this is terrible . within an hour its running down my face and making me look like i had a rough night on the town .
i love the different array of colors , they all look wonderful on any skin tone and i did not have any problems with the packaging
the r6 color matched my hair perfectly and looks very natural , i didn't know you can curl and straighten it which is awesome for different looks
so much better than bobby pins . holds well , i don't get a hair headache . doesn't snag , rip or break my hair .
not a very natural color for my medium skin tone . very flat and does not blend in with my foundation . will not buy again .
sturdy bristles that do not shed , long handle with detailed rope for a firm grip ! this is the best tool to use to assist in exfoliation !
the product is not near as full as the picture shown . did come in on time , but product just not what was expected .
this is a very strong floral scented perfume . it smells mainly of gardenia . wears well but can be too strong , so spray less .
i love love love nyx so much ! this blush is super cute and very worth it ! i cannot wait to use it !
i would not purchase this again . it did nothing for my little scar i had from accidentally scratching my shoulder . waste of money .
they look really fake , unlike other nails and they are wide . i'm not sure if it's the material used , but i don't like it .
i have extremely sensitive skin and every soap dries me out . even the very expensive ones . so far this doesn't and i feel so smooth after
cute and serves its purpose . :) stays on my head quite well and i think i've a big head . lol ... ;)
i just didn ; t like this product.at all.it cost to much.and didn ; t do the job . it might work for you.but not for me .
wig has great color and curl . good length . doesn't look horribly fake and shiny like a lot of cheaper wigs . great for cosplay !
since i only use make up for cosplay it ok for me but it not that great like i don't even know what half of the brush is used for
nyx single eye shadows are the bomb ! ! they are best worn wet which allows them glide smoothly and makes it easy to apply .
my sister said she love this she use it on on her hair and body as well it clear up a few things
i love this glue bc it isnt so sticky that you cant wash it off . but it holds the glitter on very well
i use this soap on my hair and skin . i have to put moisture back on immediately because it cleans your skin or hair so well .
the hairs on the brush fluff out instantly and start falling out . i would not buy this again its a waist of a dollar
cnd is amazing . this is a true black color that lasts two plus weeks without chipping . i love cnd polish .
i bought this pen thinking it would reduce my eye puffiness . i used it for more than a month and nothing happened no reduced puffiness nothing .
love this product . quality is very nice.my hairdresser had advised me to try several shampoos and not stick to the same product all the time .
i like the fresh scent and it is very moisturizing . the scent isn't overpowering , though , and both my husband and my son like it as well .
my hair is really thick so i wasn't really able to use it , but it is as described ... decent enough product .
my foundation goes on very evenly with this brush . there's no shading what's so ever i really love this brush !
i have used these pond's cleansing towelettes for many years to remove my makeup . they do a wonderful job and leave your skin feeling soft .
inexpensive comb very sturdy good for after shower use get through the tangles good made not like to break has thick frame
i like this product . not much smell and it does a pretty great job of keeping my hair happy . nice and thick - good at deep moisturizing .
i sleep with it every night . i wish i didn't move so much bc it slips out of my head
very good brush for powder . is picking just the right amount of product and what is very important , don't shed like many other brushes .
this shampoo really does make my semi-thin , wimpy hair feel thicker . the fragrance is understated and does not last beyond the shower .
great bag ! fits great in my purse and i love all of the colors . it was an excellent and wonderful purchase !
brush broke after less than a month of usage - my hair is not even thick - waste of money
i love this ! this is an old favorite of mine from the 90 ' s ! so happy to see it available thru amazon ! !
... but you might love it . this was a blind buy for me . i would recommend trying it before you buy .
worrks pretty good but for the size and prisw seemwd lile a good deal to le at the time kaybe it.qas maybe no
i bought this for use on my face which has really bad rosacea . it made things much worse and really did not help with moisture .
if you wear mascara , you need this ! this prevents mascara from getting on your eyelid , a problem that many mascara-wearers have faced.great invention !
its great foundation brush you feel that your face more nature with it and i am happpy using it > thank you
doesn't do much for getting too much hair off of my cat , but it does help loosen it up , and he loves it
it falls apart when you pull on it , but you get what you pay for so i guess i should complaint , but you cannot even use it .
it was a gift i do not have too much comment to this product is cheap and well you can buy it
this color is very pretty and great for spring / summer . i would recommend if you like mint green .
makes your lashes look so long while still looking natural and the best part no clumping and easy to remove =)
i absolutely love this product . i have nothing bad to say about it - so if you purchase it , you will own something exemplary .
the designs are not deep enough . i could only get three images to stamp properly with multiple attempts , polishes , etc .
a true amazing products that works well . the price is reasonable plus the ingredients is natural to the point you can use thos product twice a day ..
this concealer palette did not come in yet and still hasnt come yet . i have been waiting a while and its past the due date .
didn't make much of a difference in my acne , and didn't help to prevent it much . kind of burned my skin when putting it on .
this palette was not what i expected and it came to me broken in pieces . i would not buy this product again
llego intacto y tal cual se describe es muy rico el perfume , y la loción corporal trae destellos para la piel es muy bella
i have bought a lot of curves and this one was a disaster it doesn't last for even a hour it is not real
i love this mascara . it goes on smoothly , no clumps ! it separates my lashes and does not smudge . love it !
smells amazing and cleans even better . my pores feel like they can breathe after using this soap . it also makes my fave so soft and smooth
fun cute , small , thin rings . fun to play around and have fun with them . i love them ! might order more
rich gorgeous color . more of a fall / winter color than a spring / summer color for sure but it really is gorgeous . i loved it .
this is an amazing facial scrub .. you can see the difference from your first use . my face looked so clean , bright and soft .
i only use sulfate free products for my facial and body cleaners . this cleanser fits that bill as well as cleaning effectively . a good purchase .
love this eye shadow , i wear it almsot every day . its perfect . love the color and the mixing is nice
while the conditioner went on smoothly and rinsed out well i found it comparable to what i already use on my clients
please check the video area . :-) so you know , this colors are bright and they stay long on your lips .
the product is great but i ordered the wrong color . the color developer is sold separately so if you order don't forget the color developer .
cute dotting pen set that does what it's supposed to do . i love the different sizes so i can make lovely dotticures .
dont use as much as i thought i would but its great nail polish stays on i like that . would use them again
use it after i am all done with shaving for the light scent and lotion smoothness . fits that bill perfectly .
my go to product for a little bit if texture and that slept in hair look . does have a slight perfume smell but it smells good .
liked these especially the thinner ones for day they were also easy for me to apply . i will definitely order more of the thinner ones .
i saw some reviews that stated that their piece didn't fit their t3 , but mine fit perfectly . its a great diffuser and i'm quite happy with it .
i purchased this for me . such a lovely fragrance . i wear it for special occasionsand will have to buy more soon .
matte topcoat is great because i don't like having shiny paint on my nails . it's a topcoat , it's not shiny , i like it .
i have medium asian skin , i never noticed any change on my dark spots . i don't go in the sun . i think the philosophy works better .
need to run the brush under hot warmer to get it to soften up enough to be used gently on one's face ... good product and recommended .
these wipes do a great job at refreshing a hot and sweaty face without overdrying . certainly not as good as a face wash but better than blotting papers .
i not good drawing but for me who am learning to do it is really good also i buy it cheaper so i can really say anything bad .
i bought it for a gift .. i smelled it and loved it .. sweet delicate very delicious for me !
this was an order that my daughter placed . it was not really as good as she hoped it would be .
love these better than any other i've tried including mac ! they stay nice and moist ! ill be using these from now on !
this is a little thick but most sunscreens are . i prefer tru kid but the cost of this was half as much .
i loved the color and the packaging and the primer and the brush ... so beautiful ... its a professional palette
lots of good brushes for doing nail art or for other cosmetic uses . cheaper buying on amazon than buying each one individually at a craft store !
i like this cream and hope it delivers what it promises . i just wish more amount came in the jar .
same as the blue cobalt blue glass jar . useful for ointment , salve , and as container for you skin care product on travel .
motions products are generally quite good . this one is no exception . this product offers good quality and really works as intended . give it a try .
good product , smooth on skin , noticeable difference , good for men or women
this was really a good product . after having a baby my stretch marks were really bad after using the product i really noticed a difference
not what i thought it would be . but what i have done was mix and match it with my other press powder .
this stuff works noticeably well and very quickly . great bang for the buck . just a dab goes a long way .
still on process of using it but is affordable and i can tell the it works . i set it up already
just the thing to start a makeup trunk with and it was just as it was said to be . love the long handels on each brush .
this is a great image plate . i love adding designs to my nails especially for the holidays . this image plate has different options and works great .
this is a great blending brush ; it fits nicely in my crease and delivers color well . i've yet to be disappointed with a sigma brush .
i would highly recommend this skin care line to anyone who wants glowing skin . the day cream smells amazing and your skin is so soft afterwards ! !
this blow dryer vibrates terribly in your hand while using and that makes it very uncomfortable . i returned it and got a refund .
this did nothing at all for my hair . if anything it left my hair feeling dry . regular kpak treatment is much better .
really looks nice and goes on smoothly . my skin tends to get a little dry with power blush , but this worked well .
this night cream is an excellent moisturizer , and i would recommend this product to anyone looking for softer looking skin ! ! thank you .
i washed and conditioned 1 a week but didn't see much difference . no thickening . may work for thinning but i have actual loss of hair .
whenever i use these my clients are always mesmerized by the swirls inside and they do a fabulous job ! love them
bought this as a christmas gift for my niece . really great designs , and they come in a nice box for storage .
love it . have no complaints . great product . see results the more you use ( once a week ) . goodbye sun spots and scars !
i found out about this brand from youtube and its just as good as some of the high end brands . i will be repurchasing ...
american red creamy color . goes good for winter and summer . a staple go-to color ! you cannot go wrong with this one .
pleasant smell , foams well , lubricates well . all around happy with the product . the packaging is nice too , easy to grip .
hides any grease and shine from my hair and smells very fresh , only bad thing is i noticed i get tons of dandruff after using it .
love these for keeping my hair up . the other elastics pull out my hair but this is perfect and does not stretch out like the others .
i have just started using this on my clients and i saw very gd results in only a few weeks time
no grease or oil . just a nice leave in conditioner that deals with dry looking frizzy hair . worked with my hair type - good stuff !
my wife uses it every day for her make up remover . she buys it a lot and don't lives without it .
did an okay job , nothing special but it burnt me many many times . i threw it away after use 3 .
this was a great product . i just loved it :) totally go for it <3 even my friends got it after me . they loves it too . :)
i bought this accidentally , but i will continue to buy this product . it smells great , and leaves my skin very soft .
this not only works well with my dry frizzy hair , it also smells good .. it makes my hair looks and feels healthy
good nails came with all 100 nails , plus glue the glue dosent work as well but it's ok it's super gluey
not the green i was expecting it was more like a yallow and it took so many coats to get it to the way you want it
this bottle was way bigger than i expected . so it was def worth the money . smells great and leaves skin soft , not greasy .
i received my product in good condition and before the delivery date that's a plus , i rate this as a four star
i kind of like this , as it controls my oily skin pretty well . will continue to use it . just need a good sunblock .
the powder barely even came off of the tin , making it generally useless . i'll stick with my ardell brow powder from now on .
this shampoo is great for clarifying your hair every few days - product gets built up in your hair and this stuff cleans it out !
when you wash , this makes your face feel clean , no soap residue , then continue with steps 2-4 and yor ready for the day
the green i got was bright lime not an olive . overall i like these , great for working out and bad hair days .
smells very good . it looks and feels very modern , i got it for my nephew and he likes it a lot . !
looks beautiful .. but so thin .. and it was all over the packge .. havent try yet .. but i guess let you guys know about it .
nice gift for many women and it has a nice color to use on your face . i receved it quickly
i like it . i definately love the smell of the mint . you keep it on until it drys . use a washcloth to wipe it off .
arrived quickly , bright white . hoping to get a glittery top coat to put over it . gelish is my favorite and i highly recommend it .
these polishes are great they came very quickly the colors are beautiful and they go on smooth so very shiny and beautiful i love them
great brush period ! if you want your hair to lay and look smooth ? well this is all you need . a + + +
i don't have a lot of purple polishes but this one is really nice and deep . it's good on many skin tones .
i've been using mine for years and it still works :d i love love love it , keeps my hair straight all day .
i read the reviews and just start yesterday with that product , so i hope helps me out with my dark circles under my eyes .
i use this for my acetone to clean up when polish , it is a little to big for the monomer liquid , but is nice and sturdy .
absolutely love this set , easy to clean and it has just enough brushes to work wonders . brushes are natural and really soft even after wash .
i am really happy with these and wish i would have bought them a long time ago - these make nail polish look much more consistent and smooth
my husband has used this for years and it works great ! nice big bottle with pump .. great value on here :)
i love this color and would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to show off their wild side ! go get it !
thankful for sigma brushes and how they helped me finish my makeup in less time . i wash them daily hope they can last .
this concealer is lightweight and easy to apply . finishes soft and keeps almost 6-8 hours . hides dirk cycles very good !
i generally like dove soaps . this one has way too much perfume added though . it's a strong flowery scent that just doesn't appeal to me .
they are very nice brushes . does great jobs . but still need a few more . will buy from sigma again soon .
my sisters all laughed when i showed them because it was so big ! but it does it's job so i gave it 4 stars
didnt do anything for me . i love my regular wen cleansing conditioner . but this - i wouldnt waste your money .
this product is just absolutely amazing for twist out ! highly recommended by me ! wish the pricing was a little more reasonable but worth the coins .
great frizz control , professional product . works very well and price is decent . i live in florida and it's a must have
two of the clips broke the first time they were used . the rest lost teeth in a matter of a couple weeks .
best shampoo around if you have damaged hair . it is terrific to make your hair manageable and healthier looking . no regrets
it really does penetrate the coats of color to dry the nails faster . best fast drying top coat i have ever used .
i love having a brush that i can use when my hair is wet . the bristles are soft and can still be used on dry hair if needed
great soap - will not leave your skin dry after showering . will definitely buy again . also good as a facial soap .
i love these ribbon hair ties because they dont leave a crease and break my hair when i use them .
this is such a cute hair piece . for the price , you can't go wrong . shipping takes a bit but it's worth it .
smell is different , but item is extremely effective at softening skin , and healing scarred tissue . i would highly recommend this product .
i just recieved this they are just like in the picture .. it was super fast shipping will definetely order more when i need more thankz ..
great wig for the price , although after a while it does get super tangled , but then again , the price was equaled to the quality .
easy to use.skin good absorption.the price extremely is also lovable , hoped can continue to maintain . i can recommend to the friends .
what a great product . goes on great . color is lovely . looks very natural . compact is small and easy to handle .
fights any and all breakouts . burns when you apply , but eventually it does stop . my pores seemed smaller , in my opinion .
this system does the same thing that the more expensive ones do , but costs a lot less . feels good too .
i would recommend this to any one . it smells great and also softens my hands . i can't wait to order more . definitely five stars .
love , love , love ! one of my favorite nail art items . cut very precisely . you bet so mmany for such a great price . highly recommend
okay product . i understand its no longer being distributed to tanning salons so grab some while its cheap . could smell better btw .
this is my third ghd flat iron . the best , have them all over . home , vacation home , boat.used for many years .
it is nice specially for travel . it is spacious for your jewelry and looks nice . it looks exactly as the picture and it came in good conditions .
this isn't a bad product , but i think i see another gel that is a bit thicker in vicosity than this . i'm gonna try that .
i used this for a few months and thought it was not working . stopped for a month and saw a difference in my skin i ordered another immediately
wonderful product i've used for years but wish they would come out with lighter shades for fair complexions , etc . etc .
this stuff is like magic in a bottle . it is wonderful for a itchy scalp and works fast . i just wish it wasn't so expensive !
i like this product because it is not greasy and it stays on all day . i will recommend it to others .
loved the brushes .. feel almost like sigma or mac . so happy with the purchase and the price , cant beat it ! !
please do not buy .. these brushes are unusable , i couldn't get a single nail done . i should've listened to my gut instinct and the bad reviews
i wish women's lotions were made in this sex panther type scent ! it lingered for hours , but i love its aggressiveness !
never tried them and not for me . a waste money ! will not but this ever again ! ! ! sorry that i even purchased it .
it can be used alone or over another color . goes on easily . it was sent quickly and packaged securely . the quality is very good .
i love this items fresh and clean smelling . i love that it isn't too strong either . it works for me and i would buy it again .
i love this one . perfect curls and it doesn't burn your hair . i dye my hair a lot and this curling iron still keeps it healthy .
the scent was not what i expected . it is also very strong . i recommend not more than 1 spray . lol .
i likeit for the price . it is an okay product , but dont buy if you wan something that is very sturdy
these clear , silcone toe spacers were the right size between my third toe and pinky toe , however i had a very hard time keeping it there .
not sure but i got rashes , breakout and hives - maybe it does not too well on ethnic or sensitive skin
good concept , wrong ingredients . alas , it dries out your lips within hours . such a pity , revlon . you can do better , i'm sure .
this is a great train case ! plenty of space and compartments . you can fit a ton of products in it . great for beginners !
love love love this color , my new fall favorite . have had many positive comments on my nails when i wear it
the first thing that came to my mind when i first tried it was " omg it's so black ! " . it's amazing . ;d
i'm loving this lipstick it stay longer on my lips i have so many lipstick i have been hunting for longlasting lipstick actualy i have pound one .
keeps my hair controlled and i literally have like no frizz what so ever when i use this one my hair . love it
these rhinestones are as described . i haven't used them yet , but i am sure they will work splendidly . i highly recommend these .
it was not as aromatic as the sweet almond and the results does not warrant the price . does not out perform head & shoulders .
this iron is perfect for making loose waves . this way you don't have to curl and then straighten . only benefit would have been an auto-shut off feature .
the smell is very intense and yes oil based . it left my curls stiff . this product is not for me .
good quality , nice array of brushes to choose from.very useful for other art work . highly recommend thesebrushes for anyone !
these r great … . would have liked them a little bigger but work just fine … nice for storage of ur fun mixed colors
comprei para uma amiga e ela é apaixonada por esse perfume , na verdade ela é totalmente viciada nele . entrega e produto parabéns .
used to mix a hair tonic for short natural soft hair . hard to find these items in my area of delaware .
i just used them and there really good for being cheap . there good quality and they make some really cute flowers
i love it , so cute , easy to grab ... its useful for what i do :) yes , i would recommend it .
i use them when i ride my horse without helmet and they stay on place , hold hair back and don't squeeze my had , so great stuff
works well ! do not use the tensils to shape my brows tho , dont need it ... no complaints ! would recommend to friends and family for sure !
works great , easy to use and safe on hair . my hair does not feel damaged or fried . very happy with this item
i was surprised at the quality of this product . it was much sturdier than i was expecting for the price i paid . very nice !
love this product but be careful to smooth in evenly and wash your hands after applying . it definitely works andgives you a nice glow .
i imagine it'll work if you wore it long enough and if you can only breathe thru your mouth . good gravy !
this pen worked great for me and is perfect for nail art . i would highly recommend this brand to everyone .
i was really disappointed . it's very heavy and the plug is huge and heavy . it doesn't seem to have the blowing power on the brookestone one .
this powder is the only powder i use . i have repurchased it many times . most recently on amazon because of the convenience .
this was much cheaper and better than some of the other pallets i've used , it's great .. should consider it a reasonable replacement .
this is sooo cute ! i think it's perfect for creating the ultimate cute , yet classic french nail . has to be one of my favorites .
these brushes are so soft and easy to clean i love they color and the pink on the brushes don't chip :)
this is a really great perfume . it's floral , but not overpoweringly so . it smells clean , too .
as one who spends most of my time in high humidity , this product is an absolute must have ! buy it before summer humidity hits !
i love the smell of this conditioner . it is good for daily use , i still need a deep conditioner but my hair is pretty dry .
it does tightens a little , but it dries the skin a lot . it also does not last as much iast i need it .
im a fan , i like this a lot , i feel that it works wonders
i get a foot sugar scrub from my regular masseuse but like to use this in between visits . it also works wonderful on elbows .
husband loves this product . has a light scent , fresh and clean . thanks for providing such a great product . i will buy again .
perfect for spring and summer ! ! it is the same color as the picture above . it lasts for about a week .
this is such a good product ! it covers all my spots flawlessly , and doesn't make me feel dry ! i would recommend this to anyone !
this make your hair so silky , and shinny you will not believe , that this is your hair i was so surprise that it work on my hair .
i love these for holding back my hair when i need to keep it out of the way i love how big they are
been using this product for a while . i truly love it.if you want to burn fat really fast.this truly works wonders .
this product paired with nexxus vitatress biotin shampoo is a great combo for fine / thin hair . conditioner is light and leaves my hair full and soft .
i choose because the rating because the nails fit perfect and they come in every size . i totally recommend this product .
as advertise . great brushes , great quality and very economical . i am really enjoying my new find . hope you find this review helpful .
thank you for the excellent , fast , efficient customer service . this product is just what i wanted . i couldn't ask for more .
it has a really strong lemongrass smell that i don't particularly enjoy due to allergies . others may enjoy it and find it useful for their homes though .
it works great . no complaints . it's not too noisy and my hair dries very nicely after use . i recommend it !
this polish is so translucent . it takes three coats . it also rubs off way more easily , which i did not expect
i am testing yet , but i am x x x x x x x x x x x x x xx
it's a good set of brushes mainly blush brushes and small detail brushes but they are great to make your makeup look great
this is a deep rich purple .. super love its so dark and i love the design of the case also . you cant go wrong with this
i've used a couple exfoliaters and i cannot seem to find one that i love ! the one is okay , i haven't had any problems with it .
i like it as a toner . make sure you shake well before using it so that you can mix it up .
good stuff from pm . our little girl tangles my wifes hair and she swears by this stuff . she really likes it .
these work great and look just as pictured . i love sectioning off hair with these and people always like the animal print as well !
buying on line is convenientmy hair came back from chemo really soft and curly and these product work very wello would recommend this product to anyone with hair
this foundation brush is better than brushes i have gotten from channel and dior i am very pleased ! !
as usual . another fantastic beauty diary mask . i have and use them all and they are all very good masks .
i really really like this product . it hold my hair in place without it feeling stiff & keeps the frizzies under control .
my favorite color , my hair is naturally darkest brown so this makes my hair a beautiful burgundy . love this color
i started out with this and found out there are for more then making dot i use them for all kind of design
it works quickly ! continued use is not recommended because after using have the tube , there were no more changes to skin color .
not a lot at the bottom to attach it's self to itself , seems to pop off more than the larger more expensive ones . lol
i love this powder , it never makes my skin shiny . its the perfect color for my skin tone . and i will buy again and again
i don't feel the spray did much . felt like i was misting scented water on my face . i will stick a setting powder instead .
great detangler and conditioner . my stylist uses it too at an upscale salon . makes my hair so soft ! this is less expensive here .
they are good brushes to have around as extras or to use a couple times and throw out . not the highest of quality but not horrid .
beautiful color ... not to bright just right and the price was even better . just remember to use a basecoat under it ...
the brush guard is a great tools for drying your makeup brushes as well as for protecting your brushes while traveling .
i have had these for two haircuts and the scissors already are feeling friction when i open an shut them
i bought this as a gift for my niece and it thrilled her to pieces ! she said it is light weight and very easy to use .
these are adorable for putting in ur purse , it smells good and works good and u only need a little 😊
i love it , its so nude but still so sprakly ! it would be perfect for the wedding day :) i use it daily for work !
i love this cleansing cream and have been using it for over a year now . gentle and light on sensitive skin.excellent product and delivery was quick and simple
what can i say its glue the nail stay on that what . i odeed the.gle.for and todo glue on nails ya
the colors are pretty and similar to that on the picture . but it is so hard to get the glitter on my nails . its almost frustrating .
just o . k ... gives a chalky finish , and seems to clog my pores . usually a big fan of philosophy products , but no this one .
really does the work and protects the hair from the heat . it is very easy to use although i am a beginner .
my mom loves this product and raves about seeing a difference in just a few days of uses . she says she will definitely be buying again !
i have been using this product for years . it is very good . all of opi products are great . highly recommended .
we purchased this to clean the dogs . it will serve its purpose but i wish the bristles were a little longer and stiffer .
this is a wonderful brand which looks natural on the face . it's very easy to use with a facial sponge .
some of mine had split on the ends . this hurt my cuticles , but this works well for dipping in polish remover and wiping away excess .
so excited to get this color .. goes on very nice . great for designs . all the clients pick this color . perfect .
i always like to have this as part of my hair products . i love it , it really helps me a lot .
i thought this would give me perfect eyebrows but instead it gave me thick bushy eyebrows that didn't fit my face so i don't think this item is for me
we have a standing order in place for this item close to year and a half and could not be more pleased .
these brushes are just fine nice and thin i use them and they do the job its better with water paint
it heats up very fast , it takes a little practice to use the u shape pins but it gets very easy after a couple of times .
seems to be just as good as all other brands ... gets the job done and its perfect for what i need !
neutrogena is a great product , but it's pretty drying which was expected . it's just too expensive to be a regular purchase .
even with thick , knotted wet hair this comb will detangle hair . i never saw this comb locally . great comb at a very low price .
was hoping that it would be a little bit more filled but they are great though no problem with picking them up .
brush is soft and extra large as described . i used it for translucent powder . i think it would be too big for bronzer or blush .
i am a huge fan of dove , especially when i can get it cheaper ! this product was amazing , i recommend it .
used them on myself and they all work great . just need to remember to clean them with acetone before the first use .
the caffeine and retinal will smooth out your skin . obviously no cream is going to replace diet and exercise but this will improve your trouble areas !
i like this foundation . you can run down to the nearest pharmacy , but this was a little cheaper just make sure you know your color .
whether by itself or by combination , it's always pretty . i prefer this one over for audrey by china glaze.perfect color for spring nail art .
yes , this is a definite keeper . love this cologne to no end . i intend to keep replenshing this product when finished ..
great makeup ! even greater price ! you will not be disappointed with this line . highly recommended . the coverage is absolutely amazing !
great product ... awesome price ... havent really had a chance to try these but they seem pretty good . loved the packaging .
i use this product for several years as moisturizer for my body's skin . great absorption and effectiveness in keeping the skin moisturized till the next use .
i tried the angel lift dermastrips for about one week and didn't notice any difference ; now they are just another useless product taking us cupboard space .
essie has great polish but i thought this was more chrome looking than it actually is.check out my nail art slide show [ ... ]
they are easy to handle and very useful . the two sizes are great along with the cleaning tool for under the nails .
the tree hut body butter is very nice and silky ; it goes on nice and smooth and has a great scent .
it's a good product , the only thing i don't like is that it's not very matte and doesn't last all day especially for oily skin .
i always use irish spring aloe bar soap . it has a fresh and clean smell which lasts throughout the day .
i love all things murad . never a complaint from me . my face feels wonderful and my skin looks great . fabulous service too .
i feel like it's really helped the hooded eye lids , i would definitely try it--i don't know if i will reorder just because of the value
my daughter says this stuff rocks , it smells a little like beer so if you dont like that scent then steer away but it does its job for sure
i love how there's so many colors to choose from and it conceals my trouble spots great ! i'm very satisfied with this and i highly recommend it .
i bought this but it dried in the bottle very quickly and was difficult to apply . too thick - and not a very good base coat in my opinion
i love this it comes with a variety of colors , its small but its perfect . will re pourchase again reccomend
i love how it deep cleans my daughters skin i saw a big difference in her skin and it does not dry her skin out like other harsh products
i like the shampoo and conditioner set ! they work very well together and leave my hair nice and soft and smooth .
im glad i bought a bigger bottle as opposed to the smaller one . i use this with every derma rolling procedure i do .
love the colors for highlight and contouring , just don't know what to use the pink and green colors for . lol . kisses
this is my life saver ! i have super dry skin in winter and use it on my face and hands as a night cream sometimes .
nice paper masks , very refreshing , i leave the mask on my face until it dries , the effect is temporary , don't expect anything else .
its hard to find a good hand cream but this is definitely one of them . it makes my hand very soft without the greesy feeling . it smells great
i have been using vitamin e for several years now as a moisturizer . this is a wonderful product at a great price . thanks amazon !
if you want nail polish the color of a tiffany's box , this is your go-to color . it matches perfectly and looks great on the nails .
some of the shapes are cut well , but some are cut very poorly and they are not shiny or sparkly which the picture gave the impression of .
bought these to put lip glosses in . they are nice . perfect size . i don't know , i like them a lot . happy with my purchase .
lovely product glides on the skin with ease , saw results after just a few . i look forward to keepin this product as part of my skin care regimen
these tool really did not help me apply my lashes . maybe i do not know how to use it but i just was not getting it to work .
when i received my items i try them out an so far i love them yall r alsome ty , i would ref . my family an friends too yall
it just didn't " do " anything for me . it seemed to weight down my hair and i don't have fine hair . not worth the price .
i have never used essie and beginning to realize it is a great product compared to opi . it works as good as china glaze . i'm very happy .
this is amazing . it basically shave you on its own . i can't wait to order more . nothing but perfect ! great .
my daughter absolutely loves this perfume . sometimes she goes a little crazy when spraying it all the time but she likes it a lot .
the moisturizing part does not even do its job and the tint looks gross . . . . . . . . .
absolutely love this product , i use when showering after a scrub . leaves skin smooth and silky , price is very good too .
great summer color , as pictured ! love shellac , last for at least 2 weeks if applied properly ! i will definitely get other colors
i'm super excited to add this color to my collection ! it's a great shade - it looks just like the picture .
love dove products . most shampoos tend to leave my hair dull looking . like how it cleans and gives it a little boost as well .
nice cream , nothing special though . i like olay products , this one is not my favorite . claims to do a little more than it actually does .
this stuff smells great , doesnt over dry your face and cleans well . i would definitely buy again . i don't use anything else .
i mean i've used flat irons before but this one is the top so far . i love the color and i love the result , i would recommend .
i love eyeshadows that tell you what to apply where . this is easy to use , stays on well , and has a nice shimmer . definitely recommend .
brushes are soft and i love how they are labeled with an identifier saying what brush it it . great buy and good for a beginner .
this product is natural , beautiful , and most importantly comfortable ! i have ordered qty of 20 and it is worth every penny i paid .
these practice finger a cool and fun greeeat for practicingg , and they have tape on the bottom you can tape them where ever you want , thats awesomee
i have try them and i am happy with all the images . they turn out great . i really recommend it .
excellent product ... so creamy ... cleanses very well yet does not dry out the product ... will definitely recommend this to everyone
i started using this regularly about a month or so ago , and it's great for when you need a quick fix to manage frizz and dryness .
just the right size for a weekend getaway . pretty color , easy to clean , and sturdy . a nice companion to the bigger size shany offers .
i love burt's bees . its nice and this conditioner is great treat for my hair . i recommend it to anyone with dry and dull hair .
this mirror helps in doing makeup , but would have been much better if it was brighter . it is better than nothing ...
this this also one of my favorite pellet great pigment long lasting beautiful colors i just love this on very bold colors .
waste of money . if i could have given it a zero , i would have !
i liked that there wasn't a waxy feel to the brows when using this product and it didn't affect putting on eyeshadow . it worked all day !
great set of nail art brushes for the price . the metal portion was not tight with half of brushs pulling off , nothing super glue couldn't fix .
i can't help but think of a christmas tree ornament . don't get me wrong it's beautiful but it is definitely seasonal .
this color is so awsome gets lots of compliments bright purple very different have 4 other purples all different color ranges this is a beauty
i love this scent ! it's not too floral and it's not overwhelming . and it has staying power . i've never really smelled another perfume like it .
i didn't really understand how it was supposed to work maybe it was just me but thank goodness it wasn't expensive so i didn't really waste my money
very good and fine good price good product good presentation i recommend the product you can buy it several times excellent bran and you can be confident
i like the clinique cleaner for brushes . it wets my brushes better . this one is okay . the price is good .
i love these pretty , light weight hair ties . colors are beautiful and they do not leave a crease in your hair as many other ties do .
i would definitely recommend the clear not this one . it's too dark and leaves a gross mess . also , it doesn't hold very well .
the color is good and it does last a long time . even after eating and swimming . it is worth it .
foi um pedido . quem usa afirma que funciona bem . excelente para dar de presente . é da linha moroccanoil , já bem conhecida e de qualidade .
a girl can't get enough rhinestones , love the product and would order this again ,
i love any type of leave in treatment for my overprocessed hair . keeps it shiny & healthy and lightly scented
this was okay . smelled a little funny , applied a little blotchy but overall is a good self tanner for the price .
my skin is sensitive - i use this in the shower rather than soap which is so harsh . love it .
this items work great in some cases that you need regrouth heair and smell so well and is realy works .
this product works great for my purpose . the size is nice because it will last a long time and it was cheaper on amazon than any where else .
i love so far all the nyx products they are very affordable and good pigment and formula . will order more of course !
so easy to use and transfers great ! nice nail design size . great tool to have at your home nail salon .
great product but expensive . there are comparable items for less ( ie joico moisture recovery )
i used these before and really liked them , so i bought more . they really work and the price is reasonable . good value !
rich true to color wont chip off your nails . plan to buy more colors i have bought 4 color and like colors .
was very satisfied with my purchase and would recommend the company to anyone . will definitely order from them again .
the perfect utensils for the aztec indian clay mask preparations ! only downside is the time it takes to arrive . still i truly recommend it .
i'm enjoying this product ... would recommend most cnd shellac polishes anytime , even though they are more expensive ... they're worth it . product arrived on time as well
these are very easy to use and they make your nails look great . these are very easy to use and they work great .
didn't look , clean or feel any different than the soap bars you'll get from a corner store or walmart ... will not recommend .
i am not sure how to clean these . i will look it up but they came about 2 days after i ordered them so that made me happy .
my dermatologist recommended this for my sensitive , somewhat oily skin . it cleans without being harsh .
this product works and makes your pimples look less noticalble the next morning but it's messy so i suggest putting a towel over your pillow .
a blast from the past . men love it and it costs very little . nuff said .
i waited along time to try this . it did nothing for my looks . it has an spf of 30 . that's about it . i wont rebuy .
i use the lowest setting because this will burn you on the top of the head , its cheap madei use it once a month
i will add this to the list of failing eyeliners . it didn't even last an hour . i'll continue looking for one that will stay on my eyelids .
i dont wear makeup that often but love having every color in the rainbow at my reach when i do want to wear makeup .
might or might not purchase again . most likely will try something else and may come back to this one later .
wow its so nice and clean cut it came in a good time frame and would recommend to anyone else its awesome ^ _ ^
perfect storage can hold 50 + plates with room to spare ! they are only one sided holders however but its great to protect your plates
for years . this shade is perfect for my skin . i've tried other foundations and yet find myself always going back to this one .
opi excellent polish nut wanted more in the purple line . more red than i wanted . needs more sparkly or shine .
while these shany premium 4 sided nail buffers are easy to handle and worked well enough , they didn't last very long .
i use the night cream , as well as eye cream , serum and exfoliator and have achieved great results . very pleased !
not what i expected gets hot too quick burns fingers but if ur hair can take heat well this is ur flatiron right here
it feels incredibly soft and applies my powder foundation quite smoothly . i'm curious to see how it will hold up over time but so far , so good !
the lightest moisturizer ever ! i have tried everything and this one is a keeper . you skin absorbs it so quickly . i highly recommend .
she felt at love the fist applied .. comes back for more . good for products ..
this serum is not cheap and i looked fantastic until the bottle was empty . i found something better so i will not be buying this one again .
this is really pretty but it wasnt what i expected and it looks like it'll break easily . maybe its just me ,
everything about this product was amazing ! it came earlier then expected & they look amazing on my nails ! cutests designs ever !
these scrubs are amazing , great texture , great scents . vanilla is very relaxing . absolutely love it and would recommend to anyone !
i use this in a beauty salve i make and vitamin c is always welcome in facial products . i love using this antioxidant in my preparations .
i love this stuff ... not much else to say , but to keep on top of actually using it : but it works like no other !
this is a great product , i order one a few months ago and had to order another one to keep it in my office .
this item is good as a light base make up for daytime , but i didn't notice much moisturizing or tone correcting from it .
absolutely love this item . color is great , perfect for contouring . nars are great . easy application . great price and works great .
still using it , and happy i have it , and wrinkles is much better round my eyes , and enjoying the roc products .
i've always liked aveeno , so this product is no different . moisturizes and lasts a long time ... will buy again ... ... ...
if you want to be noticed , wear this nail polish ! it's such a beautiful deep red .
works and smells great . makes my skin incredibly soft . recommend to those wanting something a little cheaper to get the job done .
i could have bought a $ 14.99 mini and it would have worked just as well . it really does not heat up to temperature as claimed .
great inexpensive mask that works as described . i really like how it moisturizes and lightens ( reducing the physical appearance of acne scars / blemishes ) .
does not irritate my sensitive , oily-prone skin . fair 10 is translucent on me . lasts for hours , and bonus with the spf 20 .
why does this say it is " human hair " when it's not ? false advertising . you can't buy a human hair wig anywhere for $ 7.00 .
good product , it does what it's supposed to do , it sharpens ! ! also it can be used for other eye liner pencils besides nyx brand .
last for like 5 min but smells great , hey atleast u smell nice for 5 minutes lol its not that bad but eh .
have used this for years . i use it in the sun and feel very moisturized after . it makes skin smell wonderful .
the product is so cheap and at the same time so good . your eyebrow will look very natural.you should try it
this brush will make your hair look shiny and smooth without making it look flat . it is great for people with thin hair .
the work for the purpose of taking nail polish off but they are really deep and i think the polish remover gets wasted a little in this process .
colors are great good price love it perfect for first timers learning how to do they're makeup will def purchase from them again
this is beautiful . it has a golden baked look to it . i love this , especially for the evening . its lightweight and makes my face glow .
love this face lotion . non greasy , i buy extra face lotions and add it to my body lotion so i get the benefit of the spf .
i've had better for way less . the brush is stiff to the point of painfull other then that i would rate it slightly better then average .
this creme smells nice and did good in my hair , i may buy again , but it did not make a wow difference .
i'm trying out the clip-on hair extension . i haven't been able to use them but i will when i get a chance .
i love this mascara , the brush is really big , and it gives you these huge dramatic lashes . i can't live without this now .
it is seamless and so snags ... i really do not know about the infusement of oils , but its a very easy comb !
i like the colors and it has a nice pigment to cover up the flaws on your face . it is worth it .
winter is coming ... the absolute best for harsh climates ! goes on smoothly and absorbs well . no " greasy " feeling afterwards . works well .
this is a really nice conditioner . it is thinner than other conditioners ive used but it does the job and smells great !
they have a lot of great designs in this set . it is fun to see what designs can use and come up with .
not bad . smells really good . it works pretty well too . i kinda like it . however , it's packed too simply for me .
these work a lot better than some of the others but are still pretty big for fingers that have to work
arrived in perfect condition and love the colors . plus they last all day ! ! will be buying another for my daughter .
i used 35 % peel before and it worked well . i hope the stronger will be better.you just have to be careful .
some of the concealers are not that creamer but i it's a great deal being that you get all theses concealers for this bargain price !
i try this cream 3 days ego its fill nice in face let me use for longer time its good cream for this price
the gems look great . the case is really nice . i prefer this kind of case to the wheels , i find that it is just easier .
i have tried other brands of cotton swabs but always come back to q-tips . in my opinion , they are the best on the market .
my hair looks shine & healthier after using this product . i used it once per week to keep it softer after excersise and sun .
this is another great brush from sigma . this is great for the crease and also for applying powder over eyeliner .
great summer color , can not wait for summer to wear it . love cnd products , have several of their colors in my collection .
love the colors and how easy they are to use . i will be buying more here very soon . cant wait .
ok like it fine i always use loreal products they are good , and stay on no melting or smearing ever
great tools and accents . easy to use and was pleasantly surprised by how nice everything was . great buy and very fun .
this is a beautiful shade of lipstick its lovely.it runs smooth and has a shimmer to it.it was a really great price .
i wasn't happy with the cost but i love the product i just thought there would be more but i like it
what more could you want ? it cleans , it smells nice , it doesn't make your skin dry out or anything weird . would buy again .
high ratio the price quality , soft , natural pile , a cover from pseudo-skin , not from skin , but a cover convenient.brushes are perfectly cleared
i did not see a difference in my hair when using this product . it wasn't bad just not a major improvement
this is an excellent product . i put this on every morning before my moisturizer , and it keeps my face pretty clear .
i love the 2 in 1 concept . this works but my hair did not feel clean and it smells horrid . i prefer the herbal essences version
i've been using biotin for several years for thinning hair and brittle nails . gmp : good manufacturing practices seal & 5000mg dosage is why i chose this brand .
3 of the colors are very similar ( purple , rose , laser purple . ) i still like it , just felt the shade could vary more .
demorou pra chegar mas valeu esperar , este produto tinha uma grande diferena de de preo em comparao aos outros produtos . e a qualidade era boa .
this is a base coat for gel polish about which i have no complaints . it cures in 30 seconds with an led light . very convenient .
paid a little more from the company and this was a little dry but i am happy with it and glad to have gotten it
this is the best exfoliater i have ever tried . use it twice a week .
the shampoo smells good , and have lots of bubbles that's good , but after using it the day my head easy to get oil .
i have peeling nails and this did not help at all . i would not re-order this product as it does not do what it promises .
smells so yummy . i usually buy from target , but it is about 1-2 $ more expensive in store , depending on what day you go .
i love this fragrance , and so does my husband but it doesn't last long . i wish they made it in a more concentrated perfume .
good deal , always use cotton balls and this bag is plenty , got it as an add-on so an even better deal !
i love this brand of gel polish . great price , easy to apply , stays on for a long time and color looks great
i do love the smell of this product , and if you need a lightweight moisturizer , it's perfect . i would buy again for sure .
i love red cherry . the #43 lashes are looooong , but wearable . definitely dramatic looking . be sure to pair them with bold makeup !
they all stamped nicley . nice selection . i use a old credit card instead of a metal scrapper otherwise they scratch up pretty good .
lovely hair clip ; really a work of art ; sets off a woman's hair in an elegant way . changes a plain hair twist into a fashionable hairdo .
i've used this for acne , keratosis pilaris , etc i love it ! i wish it came in a big container ! can't go wrong with this product
i bought a blue towel , it absorbs excellent foam and gently but effectively scrubs the skin . good product ! highly recommended
obagi skin care is far and away the best products of their kind i have ever used ! i received my order in a timely fashion .
mary kay's moisturizers are very light , unlike some more expensive moisturizers , are thicker and feel heavy on your skin , especially during the summer .
the scent is totally tropical and refreshing . it lathers nicely and makes showering a real joy . definitely a real favorite .
my hair gets tangled easy , been using the product for years it is the only product that helps my hair worth it !
goes on over existing brows , but does not last 7 days , and turns an ugly yellow brown in one day .
this is a very nice looking mirror that i can leave on my bathroom counter . i like the fact that it has a magnified side to it .
i bought this product for my girlfriend and she loves it . for this money you can't find another oil on the internet that good like this one .
i have found they do nnot want to stick together , and pop open throughout the whole process . not badd for the price but just dont stick together well
i feel like i need to wipe down face after i use these . does not serve the purpose i bought them for
this is my favorite perfum of all times . and the price here was awesome . it came quick and nicely packed . i love it .
love china glaze ! this color is great and it is one of the few lighter yellow shades i have seen .
it works after a few days my lashes and brows are longer-thicker what more can i say ... it actually works and is a great price
great price dotting pens . i haven't tryed them as of yet but once i purchase some nail paint i will surely get back on this update
i believe this shampoo and conditioner does work . it is a little pepperminty , and leaves your scalp feeling tingly and clean .
got this color when i went to the nail salon . went back a few weeks later and it was gone . so i ordered it ! !
it makes my eyelashes beautiful , i hate when most mascara clumps your eyelashes , but this didn't , i'm very happy with my purchase :)
i love this eyeliner , but was getting discouraged at the cost at the local store . this stuff works great , and i love it !
gee wiz ive waited and waited for my powders and i never got them where in the heck is my stuff
does exactly what it says it will . leaves all polishes with a matte finish . granted , not all polishes look good matte , but hey .
nice , although a little strong smelling ! i would say that a little goes a long way , because the smell of tea tree oil can be overwhelming !
24 hours yeah right ! i applied this as instructed and the lipstick came off as soon as i started to eat . this product does not stay on
i like it but it comes late by 3 wks ! i'll never think to order from them again !
i had heard a lot about these brushes and was really excited to try them . however the brushes don't offer much coverage . a bit disappointing .
great soap , will keep buying it . we only use it for our face and it is amazing cleans with out drying your face
never used this brand before , but as i begin to try more organic beauty products , this one stands out as superb !
goes on smooth . the shipping cost took away from the discount of the item .
this is one of my go to palettes i really love the pigmented eyeshadow and i usually end up taking this one palette with me on vacations or business .
i love this concealer . it works good.this is such a good product that conceals like it is supposed to do .
it is ok but a bit sticky . i try just to pat it on my undereye area but the stickiness makes this difficult .
i love this powder . it's great over moisturizer alone without foundation . keeps the shine away for hours ! i will definitely buy it again !
it is amazing how easily the bristles become soft , not from product default , but from forgetting to change the heads .
i love the nyx butter glosses ! very pretty , shiny , and feel like butter on the lips . they are high quality and very costly .
i got these they are bigger than i expected but they work well ! i would recommend this ! they came in faster than expected too .
it may only be my imagination but i feel this has helped tighten my neck and my facial skin . it's definitely worth trying .
i am in love with these dotting tools . they are so perfect for lots of cool nail art . i love them and highly recommend them .
this product works great as a soap to have by the kitchen sink in that it will clean your hands or clean those nasty dishes that need antibacterial support .
olay products work well and this body wash does indeed leave you feeling moisturized . i would recommend this to others .
not the greatest , but will do the job . price was excellent but probably would not purchase if i seen them in store .
shany has some of the cutest rolling trolly makeup cases ! and they are very professional looking and have so much space !
this shampoo was good at first , but then it dried my hair out . i had extreme static . i switched back to paul mitchell .
the best purchase i've made in the makeup section ! this is amazing with foundation and touch ups ! i highly recommend this product !
i use this under my eyes and its works better than most eye cream yet its great for the whole face .
the price is great but it doesnt last on my eyes , it is easy to use if your skin is dry it will last ... maybe
not my cup of tea lol . now i just have it to have it . but it does get the job done lol
this is a great shampoo , not only does it make your hair smell good , but it also leaves it soft and silky .
was greatly disappointed in this shampoo . i purchased it after reading a review that this was as good as purology . ididn't agree !
i am a natural girl 4c hair and this detangles like a dream ! ! i recommend that every natural purchase one of these !
i love this perfume , the smell is amazing ! my husband is the one who originally picked it out and he loves it too !
works great to get cover girl waterproof mascara off and to me that is a great accomplishment
leaves skin feeling clean and smooth . the granules don't tear at existing blemishes , which can be a problem with some scrubs .
fab just like the original one i bought from the store ! perfect for evening or daytime looks . i totally recommend this product !
what a great idea to have a pink and snake skin print train case with a shoulder strap , what a great help for on the going !
the price for these made them a great deal and they are perfect for beginners of nail art . love them .
this is okay but the color is really off . it is too grey and makes you look ghostly pale no matter how pale you are to begin with .
smells fruity and does not have that gross after tan smell , gives good color and has a thick consistency . i am pleased with this purchase .
this is an amazing palette.rich in color . great pigments.last a long time.beautiful colors.great product for an amazing price.im going to buy some more for xmas gifts :)
great little fimo canes , perfect for embedding in acrylic or gel nails . a big assortment of types and not many repeats .
another product that didn't do absolutely nothing for my hair , but just make it dryer . it also has a somewhat stickyness that it leaves on your hands .
this product works very well , it is superior to the off brands . i love this plate along with the konad polish .
smoky eyes don't have to be grays ! ! this palette has a lid , crease and highlighter all in gorgeous greenish shades . i love shany's eyeshadows ! !
my mac shade is nc35 and i find this an excellent eye shadow base to make my eye shadow appear brighter
makes hair much softer than super blonde but it does not give you quite as noticeable highlights after using it .
pantene has been a great shampoo for years now . i really like it and now that i have this i am totally stocked up for awhile .
great color and did got compliments on the first time i did my nails with the bahama blues . price was great !
just started using it . so can't much . but have no doubt that i will work . smell funny ! thick and original .
i was using josie maren body cream ... this was a little cheaper and it is just as good ... leaves skin feeling nourished ...
this is a great cleanser , but it can be drying if used everyday . i will purchase this cleanser again in the future .
moving to arizona caused my skin to become dry , this product helps regenerate new and more youthful skin . great product to use with other moisture creams .
my workplace is not air conditioned , and this is just what i needed to keep me dry and smell free all day long . smells great too !
perfectly covers blemishes , acne spots and leaves your skin soft to the touch ! excellent product ! the tone is perfect for women of color !
this cream is very very heavy , too rich , hard to apply . i have cut it with a much lighter moisturizer to avoid ditching it .
awesome price and nice product . i have not used it yet , but there is a nice selection of tiny clear rhinestones .
the variety of colors and shapes not to mention the number of stones for the price on top of it all , make this a great deal !
these brushes were recommended by my makeup instructor for a class i was taking . i now have two sets for my kit . i really like them
i love my brushes ! ! ! the flat top brush is my favorite , work just as great as the high end brushes .
this product helps when i need to extend shampoo a little longer.it also covers the gray grow back to extend time between glazing
lov e these wipes they are like tiny sponges removes my polish faster than cotton rounds without the lint . i also find they remove glitter much easier
i use this product in every homemade hair product for added shine and nutrients . it has a smooth feel and not runny .
awesome product , nice scent ( orange essence ) i have think , straight hair , no tangles with this and felt weightless not weighed down.thank you
i liked it . it is very useful in removing unwanted facial hair . i might buy it again.it is worth for its money .
it looks cute but not durable . after a month it broke during it wash . i would recommend the elf kabuki brush over this one anytime .
my daughter loves these and uses them for her practice nails . there are plenty and the color selections are good .
the smell was quite unexpected but i really enjoy it . quite strong which i like . decent staying power . good deal
don't waste your money this does not do anything to hair loss you will continue loosing it until nature or genes stop the process
i've been using jojoba in place of face lotion for over a year and it works really well . i love that it is all natural , too .
these are perfect for someone who wants to fill out their lashes but doesn't want to look like she's trying too hard .
spend the extra money to just go to a beauty supply shop and get quality brushes . these ones dry crooked and don't allow for thin striping lines .
perfect and came fast . thanks ! ! ! will buy from again soon . best if product is left in for 30 minutes and washed with cold water
i like this product but wish it would hold the color on for a bit longer will look for some that will not fade away
this stuff really tans you well . the smell is perfect for a woman or a man . goes on easily and doesn't feel greasey .
one of my favorite summer fragrances . there are few scents that mix with the summer heat better than this one does .
i have a super sensitive skin and my eyes water at everything . i love this product and it's true sensitive skin mission .
i love this color ! this gel seems to need extra curing time though , which is probably because it's a darker color .
i have been wanting to get some of this for a while . i will never go back to not using it because my hair is so manageable now .
these are small and cheap but perfectly do the job ! they fit perfect between your three fingers and scrub under your nails :d
i ran out of it & am in dire need of another . the color is a perfect match to my brows !
haven ' t tried it on my nails , but the color in the bottle does not look sheer . it is an odd plank clear .
i have learned over the years to trust neutrogena . i like this product very much and use it daily along with the rapid tone repair .
does what it's supposed to do , which is get shampoo to your scalp . i didn't find the bristles too stiff . nice little product .
it is a darker shade with olive undertone kinda darker honey beige with silicone base and it goes on very smooth
i would recommend this product very much ! it works very well . i use it all the time when i do my nails .
awesome scent my girlfriend loves it so i use it rarely along with my other colognes cheaper then wal-mart price this bottle should last me for years
i really noticed a difference in my makeup after using these brushes . my makeup went on smooth and the coverage was better than usual . excellent quality .
can't argue with the price i paid . i had one similar that didn't have as much space . this works great .
like this for the arid desert climate of the middle east after i bathe for my face . very good value .
good product to get an immediate glow that washes off at end of day . does not streak . i would purchase again .
i really enjoy this spray ! it makes makeup last longer ! and really works ! ! i would buy another one right now
great color of medium bright pink cream finish great for every skin tone strawberry margarita been around since 2006 opi mexico collection
i don't see what all the fuss is about . this oil smells okay , but it does not last at all . i would not buy this again
i will recommend this product to my friends . it gives energy to my skin , my face seems younger and brighter
this is good for gel . i use and is amazing with the gel . the gel don't peel and feel hard in the nail
easily applied . skin feels and looks brighter . scent is pleasant . am anticipating reordering as i am pleased with this product
i love it feels like i've put lotion on without actually putting it on . like skipping a step in moisturizing but having all the benefits of it .
these dotting tools are so cool and super affordable , and i love how they come in many different sizes , they are so cute and neat .
i can feel the tightness coming back to my face , like when i was a kid . the lines are also starting to fade . love this !
i prefer this to all other cuticle tools . it just works better than other tools . it has a nice weight to it and a nice grip .
i always use this brand of hair dye because it is cheap and it makes my hair feel great ! i have never had any problems with it .
i like this product except for the tiny granular residue that gets left behind . other than that it keeps my skin pretty clear .
i was very surprized to see how much there was for the price i would order again in a year when i need it lol
this product did nothing for my wrinkles . it does moisturize well . although i wil not be reordering it .
this is by far my favorite color purchase . i like to pair this at times for extra sparkle with sparkle silver for extra shine .
do not believe what they promise you . a complete waste of money so do not buy . get so , mething musch less expensive from your local pharmacy
i bought this for covering my smile lines , so far , i don't see much different even though it does keep my make up last longer .
this is an excellent day cream . the burt's bees ageless line of products are all excellent.the cream feels very soothing , refreshing and smells great .
i'm really happy with these and will get tons of use out of them for a very long time , very good quality
i love l'oreal products and this no exception . i got the blush in spiced plum and i absolutely love it .
this stuff dries so fast that the first nail is totally dry before getting to the fifth nail on the same hand . gloss to the nail polish is amazing
nice quality soft brush and reasonably priced . i use this everyday to contour , also works well as a foundation brush . highly recommended ! !
i really like it as i said before , and will probably purchase it again . do not know what else to say ...
i also did not realize it came in different colors and had the wrong one--i passed it on to someone else .
this item is as described . it removes nail polish quickly , easily , and completely . i highly recommend this instant polish remover .
love this color . it's perfect for the summer and sandals or flip flops . definitely need 2-3 coats for the shade to look as it appears in the bottle
i think once i work with this and do the designs right to transfer to my nails i think i will love it
easy to follow instructions , great fit , did it twice for an even better fit . i see me getting alot of use out of these :)
this makes your skin feel like velvet and make-up is optional after you put it on . i love it a lot .
it fits all my nails and i like all the solid nail designs that come in this set ... it works
good coverage , minimal smell , no pasty-white skin after application . i put this on my acne-prone skin and don't have any problems .
love this linger ! it stays on until you want it off ! highly recommend ! great colors too !
i use this everyday for my makeup & it does wonders , it oxidizes perfectly to my skin tone & has a good coverage !
really nice brush . holds onto powder well and is very soft . can't give it 5 stars until i've used it for while .
these have lasted me ages and look fantastic ! will definitely be buying these again !
jergens is a great brand and this lotion is fantastic . it smells great and keeps my skin fresh and smooth . completely satisfied with this product .
had this over a year now and it hasn't failed me yet and i use this on a regular doing nails .
pocket was frayed on edged , so it wouldn't close and everything falls out . i wasn't given a receipt so i am unable to return it .
honestly i didnt not notice a difference in my hair or my kids hair . and i wasnt a fan of the smell , its very strong .
these things are great and you can't beat the price or quality . glad that i purchased . will definitely do so again .
my wife and daughter seem to like this product because i have to keep buying more of it . recommend trying it .
i don't know if this works because i can't use it . it has so much fragrance , i got an instant migraine .
i love this colour ! it's so pretty ! took a star off though because it's significantly more pink than peach so the product picture is kind of misleading .
the actual color is a tad bit lighter then it appears in the picture but it is a beautiful color .
still is a very nice sophisticated scent if you like flowers like orange blossoms , roses , and jasmine combined together . i would say this is evening fragrance .
this was a super great economical purchase ! the price in most retail stores is double the price if not more . my eyebrows look phenomenal !
excellent bargain , soft bristles , picks up pigment easily and shape allows pigment to be deposited accurately . will repurchase if needed .
people who are not seeing results after 4 months , if you go in pantene website it clearly states that for full results takes 8 months
great quality from the brand for a low price . rinses out easily for daily use . why pay more . reliable . dependable .
i really like it . i have a lot of hair so i just mainly use the big one . and that's pretty much all i have to say ...
i bought these to use for just myself at home . the colors are great and they are packaged neatly ! great product !
it has improved my hair exponentially , and i use it religiously . i like it much better than the original leave in , honestly .
my skin is finally happy . i really like this moisturizer . it goes on smoothly , soaks in quickly , and seems to be working well !
this base coat seems to really grip your polish and help it last longer . i really enjoy the large bottle .
i think these little pearls are a great touch to my nails . that come in different sizes . i think the pearl look on nails are beautiful .
i can't say anymore about this hot iron , the curls it makes , and makes my hair so smooth and pretty . probably the best iron i've used .
if you apply it correctly , it works . it's as black as night and is not sheer ( if applied correctly ) :)
i like it , it nice to try . and it is alcohol free , nice for my skin ， the smell is nice . ha !
great coverage . its a soft cream that blends very easily . as a makeup artist this was a wonderful addition to my kit .
i love all of the shanny cosmetics eye palettes but i think i love this one the most because all the colors are so vibrant and bright
perfect fitting tips , very easy to use . great for salon refills with all the varying sizes . they look great applied !
these all squeak a little but they do the job and are cost effective . make sure to roll them and not drag the needles across your skin
took me a bit longer to get a handle on the use . but have used it for other artistic applications . handle is a little light .
leaves my hair very squeaky clean . when used with the conditioner it leaves my hair manageable and easy to style .
i was really hoping this would make perfect polka dots , but it doesn't . i would not buy this type of product again .
its really smooth when you apply the lotion . i use it daily for my dry skin and i love it . great price on amazon .
buy these things please ! they do wonders for your nails and files so well . i prefer these to the sephora ones !
this will boost your hair like no other , it will have it looking good right after you wash it or got your hair done .
this eye cream is light weight , gentle and effective . i have very sensitive skin and this product effectively calms and moisturizes under my eyes . highly recommended .
perfect size rhinestones for nail art and the case is very cute , organized and convenient to use . i love this product
i really like the champagne color of the lip shimmer , but this strawberry one goes on streaky on the lips and seems to pill . not very flattering .
i love this color and i think it is pretty unique , formula was ok , a little streaky but it was workable .
i have used these rollers in the past and really liked that they come out of my hair without tangling .
this makes ur eyelashes look great yeah but they test on animals and i found this out after i ordered this . i shouldn't have ordered this .
i put off getting this one because i wasn't sure about the color , but i actually do like it . it's definitely an attention getter !
i love dark polish ... my nail tech used this color on me and i feel in love ... instantly came home and looked for it online to purchase ...
after i purchased these i discovered they were latex . i have no problem with latex but beware if you do .
i have used this about a week , and i can see tighter firmer skin already . i am happy so far
i love love this product , i currently on well water and you would never know it . it make my hair very soft and shiny
goes on smoothly . always remember to do a 2 thin coats , and last 3 weeks . don't regret investing in the shellac line
this thing is awesome . it dries my hair quickly , and gives amazing lift and volume , which isn't easy to get with my fine hair .
the size is good , the quality i guess for the price is ok , they look good on the nails and my clients like them ...
these are so easy to use and they heat up so quickly . i love this hair curler . would recommend to anyone !
this is great for removing the sticky residue after applying gelish polish . will definitely keep buying and this seller is great .
i love these brushes , now i'm able to do the designs that i want with my nail polish on my nails :)
i use this for cutting my cat's nails--nice and sharp and easy to manage . i like it so much i'll probably get one for us humans !
what do you want for less than a buck ? i thought i'd try it , but it wouldn't hold in place . too stretchy . don't bother
i finally have fuller brows ! ! ! absolutely love this product . will order again for sure . really not sure of those brows stencils tho .
love this product . used for a long time and wanted to try other products to see if they were better ... they're not so i'm back to prox .
this product is nice , but you can buy a huge bag of epsom salt from walmart for one of these !
i love putting this into masks when i am doing a facial on a client , they love the smell too .
i will recommend this product to my friends . it gives energy to my skin , my face seems healthy and feels fresh
i have a lot of hair and i can put it up and under that cap and it will keep it completely dry for my entire shower .
i ordered these to do holloween manicures and they were perfect size for nails ! got alot of compliments on them !
got it for christmas for granddaughter for her nails and she loves doing the fancy thiings on her nails these work so gret
this conditional smells nice and blended well with my shea butter mixture . will be buying more . i just think it is costly !
highly recommend this product really works . good price and high quality ! after using my skin is clear and soft . very very good !
this is meant for short hair . if you have long thick hair dont get this . it wont work . trust me
this bronzer gives me a subtle sun kissed look . not too dark or light . i have an olive complextion and this is the perfect shade .
this is a good product to try for new lady are going natural or textured hair . to keep it healthy
the seller deliver fats and the nail are just like the one from the salon i lovee it
i like this heat protector better than the more expensive brands i have purchased in the past . my hair feels protected and i love the way it smells .
the set comes nicely in a silver clutch , and it is worth every cent you spent on it - which is not that much anyway .
this are adorably cute and good for on-the-go ! they are good material , wont shed and it applies makeup beautifully . recommend .
good quality , nice long handles make for excellent control of the brush tip . sizes are perfect for detail work on your nailart
so far so good . my hair is more healthy since using this cap . my scape gets the deep conditioning it so needed .
both sides were really chalky . it went on like it was chalk mixed with water . it was really dry to me .
it is important to me that this is a cruelty free product , not tested on animals . it goes on easily and is durable .
love this bronzer / self tanner ! you actually can see what your getting , not too much on knees or ankles ! goes on easily !
if you have very dry skin and are looking for glowing , flawless , hydration , go for it ! this stuff is incredible ! ! !
these nail clippers work very well . i love cutting my fake nails with them now ! soo much better than regular nail clippers ! !
does not feel greasy , but leaves your face soft and protected , i don't wear any makeup with this product , try it
smells and feels great , i no longer have to purchase from so called " kitchen cosmetic " businesses for this stuff which charge way more .
this is a great product for the price . i would definitely recommend this to everyone . it came way earlier than expected , and i was satisfied .
i use this for hand soap , bathing and for homemade laundry soap . many uses and doesn't have that strong imitation almond scent .
i truly like this because it doesn't leave me looking oily and i love the smell of it . also , it's thin enough , yet moisturizing .
this brush is a great value . just what i was looking for . i can finally do a semi blow out on my own now .
wife likes this cleansing body wash and i enjoy the fast and inexpensive service . wife has used for a long time
this product really does add volume to my thin and limp hair . i love it ! no more wasting money on products that don't work .
works for my hair . the color doesn't last longer and now subscribe and saves not carrying it any more , :(
long lasting fragrance it is vanilla like . it leaves you with a baby soft skn . a lot comes in the container absolutely love it
i really like this mascara . it is indeed waterproof but washable , doesn't smudge , looks great , lengthens lashes well . highly recommended . remarkable !
this body wash is awesome . skin feels so good afterwards and smell lingers after shower . i love all aveno products !
i wasnt sure if this would work but i tell ya it truly does i seen a diffrence within minutes of my lips . :)
no i'll affects and i feel they are going a good job . i plan on continuing using them as a supplement for continuing good digestion .
this is my fav hair color , so of course it's been discontinued . it gives the right amount and comes with a conditioner i love .
i like the feel and texture of this product and did not experience any reaction and it made my skin feel soft and supple
came in a timely manner , was smaller than i was expecting but overall a good buy . satisfied with my purchase . it does the job .
amazing ! ! it's just great quality ! i love it for putting on my powder foundation , and to put on blush :) totally recommend it
love the colour , the smooth the packaging . love revlon . i will re purchased when its run out . but in other colour
i really like this mascara . it goes on easy and it doesn't smudge . it also makes my lashes appear longer and thicker .
my favorite baby pink ! and can be opaque in one coat but i use two just to be safe ... love ! ! !
love this product . i have added it to my makeup routine daily ! highly recommend this ! will purchase again when run out !
used a friends brush while on vacation & ordered one as soon as i got home ! love it for blow drying & the volume .
love it with my makeup that i apply and it stays on a lot longer when i apply my makeup .
i have used this cap with my conditioner and i love it.it as different settings for your hair.you can even relax while your air is being conditioned .
i love a highly pigmented shadow and these don't disappoint . create intense , dramatic looks with awesome color payout . plus the case is sleek and compact .
i love it soo much and it make my haire look fresh and healthy and its have agood and nice smell for your haire .
i can't imagine trying to stamp my nails without this thing holidng the plate in place . comes in handy ! glad i got it .
i love this color it's going to look great on my nails .. cant wait to try it on , thank you for quick delivery
it is a lot smaller than what i was expecting . however i love the colors , i just wish i knew that it wasn't very big .
this smells wonderful , lathers richly , and the exfoliating crystals are fine enough so as to not be irritating if you're sensitive to that . a keeper !
i have light / medium brown hair and this is the only product that isn't too red for me . lovvvve it !
this stuff is extremely expensive and i didn't feel it made any difference . i will go back to my old brand of eye cream .
i have been using the shampoo , conditioner and mask and my hair is the healthiest i have seen it in a very long time !
super cute ! i love feathers and these are so much fun and shany has some really great colors in this set !
this micro-needling therapy is the best venue in renewing your skin and giving you a second chance to look your best without going under the knife .
i could not find it anywhere , so i had to pay more on this site ... but i love it ! ! worth every penny ! !
i love this eye pencil . it applys evenly on you eye line and lasts about half of the day . i love it
i like this body wash - it has a nice smell and didn't try out my skin - i would purchase again
you can't go wrong with wen all their product is off the chain , i use it on my locs . its nice and light
it is beautiful , not the colors shown , but the colors were okay . i liked that it isn't so heavy that it falls out of my hair .
works very well.face feels so fresh after its done . 20 minutes of drying.feels very refreshing.used after shaving
i love this flat iron and i love this company , i will buy nothing but babyliss from now on and tell everyone !
although this pen does not leave a dark henna tattoo , it is easy to apply due to the great tip . i love it and will order again .
this palette is perfect for professional or home makeup . the shades , texture and pricing are amazing . i will definitely order again ! highly recommend !
this product is different in a good way . i like it and would buy it again .
what fun for doing nails and having a nail party with friends . bought these for my daughter for christmas and she loved it .
i love these . a complete must have for anyone who likes to design their nails with ease . i will recommend these to anyone .
loved this product . it gives my pale skin just the right amount of glow . not orangey or too brown . shipped on time .
great cologne for working ... i lasts all day and the projection is excellent . i get so much compliments on it .
obsessed with these ! ! i find a way to use them with every manicure i do ! they are so cute and shiny !
the white is soft enough for comfortable and effective waterline application . it is not irritating and it goes on so smooth and perfect !
this is a great oil to use on wet hair . a little goes a long way so i expect the bottle to last a while .
this product got great reviews . the manicurist i go to also recommended this product . it's too early to tell if product works for me .
i love hempz products ! this is my go to lotion , i try to always have at least a couple , kitchen , bath and desk !
i get to play with my nails an dtry to do different things with it . its had lots of nail art
love the color . smell nice but the packaging is not that attractive but who cares . all in all i like it !
this color is awesome ... and as always ibd makes a quality product . it is not a navy , more like a royal and is stunning
i like to use sebastian laminates cellophane between hair coloring because is making my hair really shiny , soft and frizz free .
i really like this product , my face looks more fresh and younger than before washing it .
this mascara is thee absolute best ! it magnifies the eyelashes and makes them appear very long and full . great great and serious volume .
pearls , pearls , pearls ... nothing like having pearls on your finger nails and diamonds on your fingers , or silver or gold . looks sweet .
i love this product , it only takes a small amount so it lasts a long time . the best organic hair product i've found .
i got this and it was cracked on the hinge . looks cheap and is a lot smaller than you might think .
not much to say about this . the picture pretty much tells it all . a very lovely hair comb that is quite large and heavy .
i use practically all the roc products and love them all . i think this leaves your skin nice and clean without residue
this is a great syling prodict for curly hair . it makes my curls soft without any frizz . i love it .
this is a great color for the fall for anyone who uses the shellac system . it is very flattering on all skin tones !
i use every single color in this palette ! it works great and the color stays on for a long time even without primer !
smells like bad air freshener , breaks me out , leaves too much of a residue , i prefer another brand
my go - to make up remover . gentle , and smells nice . i have eczema so i can vouche for the gentle part . :)
the name is not an exaggeration . it really does look like false eyelashes by the time you get the second coat applied .
works just as it is supposed to . i like the timed options . saving mega $ doing my shellac at home
this mask makes my face feel so fresh and clean . i love the proactive skin care linda's it is the only brand that works for me .
i use this all the time . i love the way that there are many different plates i can get . would recommend .
pros : smells good & i guess helps fight odor to some extentcons : dissolves very quickly and could have been more germs / odor killing
this is such a great fragrance . it is crisp and clean without being overly floral or sweet . it is a great go to scent for any occassion .
i am very pleased with this product . it works better than some other volumizing shampoos i have tried . the smell is great too !
i love this on my fingernails.great color i wore this to the muppet movie . i love blue on my nails .
very liberal supply of dilution liquid and can ce used for both fast drying best ever top coat and nail polish with just 2 drops .
i love these brushes . it is as described . the brushes are soft , no shedding when washed . it does the job well .
the best brushes for curly , thick hair . easy to control and it does not break the hair with a gentle stroke . nice !
my favorite conditioner for my wild curly hair . i bought this specifically for travel because it meets tsa allowable standsards
i shave in the shower like a lot of gents ... but this thing is big and obtrusive ... just not good
i love this eyeliner its amazing its so easy to apply and it doesin't hurt my eye when i apply it doesin't smear .
this has been in my beauty regimen since i can remember my mother used it as well really leaves your skin soft and clean . highly recommend .
works well in the waterline and great that its mechanical but it definitely runs after an hour of having it on
my girlfriend love the different look she can accomplish with using wig . her hair is short so wigs come in handy when going out . gets many complements .
great price and product . eyeshadow just looks better , more pigmented . i also use it as under eye concealer for my dark circles .
such a soothing face mask . does not dry out your skin.has helped with my acne problems . very good quality , smells nice .
after usage , someone else wanted to use it . therefore another purchase was made . this product has a different scent than other brands i currently apply .
the packing is a little crappy the come in mini bags inside a giant bag . at least thought id get a case
my body mist came within a few days and i love the scent ! ! the bottle also says sexy . great product .
i really love how well this stuff works . i do not care for the smell . it is a little to perfumy for me .
china glaze crackle polish works great ! ! ! i love all the colors and this is a great price ! ! i recommend this product !
don't even try it ... it's a waste of money ! it does feel like it's burning , but it doesn't do anything .
i think this is a great deal , and also is great if you're just starting out in the makeup world .
i bought this for my wife and my girl freind . its smells great on both there sexy bodies . would recommend . great price great product . ...
i use these after conditioning my hair after a shampoo or a heavy duty conditioner . they hold heat in and the conditioner works so much better .
i got to try out the face mask and it seemed to be ok . i liked how it felt afterwards . i received this item for a honest review
hoping this will help my sons eczema and my dry skin . its soft the smell is something to get use too but i will buy more
i bought this palette over 2 years ago and i still have it . it works really well and the colors are very pigmented .
... more like soft orange . the lightest shade is darker in person and should not be used on pasty white chicks such as myself .
love this stuff ! ive been a fan for many years now , this one is my favorite ! smells delicious ! would recommend :)
i love real techniques brushes however i really dont use any of these brushes except for maybe one . three of them are just way to small .
love the 4 bulky caviar look . for the price its a steal . i would definitely recommend it to anyone its worth it .
wonderful quality for a sensational price ! very satisfied ! love to use them for bronzer and blush and for setting powder .
i expected there to be more use for this product , its too small , not enough provided to have much use for this product .
received these very quickly . i have tried every one of these colors once i received them and love them all .
not recommend to sensitive eyes , i prefer those japaness brands.there is no controlling cap on top , very likely to pour out too much liquid .
does exactly what it says it's going to and it's priced right used it for my trip last month to mexico
perfect for highlighting ! applies color under eyebrow just perfect and subtle enough to make a noticeable difference . works well with powder eyeshadow .
i really don't like how watery this product is . also the bronzed in there isn't very good . not terrible but i won't be buying this again .
these are very well made and come in lovely colors . i just bought another 4 packages and will buy again .
did nothing for my dry itchy skin . it had a nice smell but did not help my skin at all .
this product isn't great . for thick hair it is completely worthless . for thin hair it works decently . some people love it but i don't !
i've never seen a good quality product like this , better than mac and other brushes i've used before , i'll purchase again
these are the exact brushes you would buy at a department store , but for a much better price ! no reason not to buy these .
i use this emu oil mixed with ponds and my skin is great ... always receiving compliments . does not smell , use sparingly so your skin can absorb .
wonderful brush , didn't shed with the 1st use , very soft , holds lots of makeup . i'm been very happy with this brush !
i bought this for my husband .. he was surprised with this.he loves the nice fresh scent . i think he likes it .
seche vite top coat dries nail polish in minutes and gives it a stunning glossy look . i refuse to have a manicure without it .
this product is a must buy , the golden line is also very good , don't even doubt it , i fell in love with loreal paris telescope mascara
i use these in a pinch but really i'm trying to get away from unnecessary chemicals . i started using dr bronner's bar soap and love it !
this is by far my favorite , it's great for everyday and for occasions , very elegant and goes with almost every color
they say pinched is a dupe for nars orgasm . i'm not seeing it , but it is still a decent compact sized blush .
works great on all my dfferent brands of polish itsall i need as a remover .
i use this product in the midst of my homemade shampoos , and i love the results it gives my products .
i always use these as a good body exfoliant , very needed tool for my beauty regimen ! helps slough of kp bumps !
i use this on my neck and chest . it feels good and really moisturizes . for the price , it's really a good deal .
for the price you get what you pay for .. but you better buy something to help make them stay on because they don't stick on .
i've been wanting dotting tools for a while now but i didn't want to pay to much for them and found these here great value !
i changed from the system 2 to system 4 due to i colored my hair and i am as happy with the system 4 as i was system 2 .
the yellow is more like apricot than lemon , but still look beautiful . need two layers or more to make the color even .
havent used them yet ; hair not long enough yet ; but i am hoping they will work just great . will let you know later .
the shampoo and conditioner leaves my hair soft and silky all day long . it is not too hydrating and not too dry .
this was a good deal for this many blocks . i would deff buy again . files acrylic smoothly without fall apart
love this blender ! ! ! the best tool for your foundation and conceler aplication , gives you perfectly smuth flawless airbrush look . highly recomended .
while i didn't like using this daily . i like the concept and it was easy to use . easy to clean and sterilize toom . thumbs up !
i have used tanning beds and self tanning lotions . this is a good lotion for beginners and anyone looking for a basic light tan .
wanted an alternative to the more expensive cellulite treatment creams . haven't seen much difference but then i am not diligent so prob my fault .
this lotion smells nice , washes off easily , and does not dry out skin . large container holds a lot of lotion .
beautiful color for the holidays ! i love the gelish polishes and this is just another one to add to my collection .
i used these constantly while doing my own artificial nails , or when removing old product from my natural nails . a must for those who are doing nails .
i have reordered this product several times and i will continue to do so in the future very effective exfoliate ..
i love this stuff its just like i remembered ! i will definitely be repurchasing again once this runs out i love it !
huge variety of colors , the size is just perfect for your nails . it is an excellent product . 5 stars rated .
color is perfect and wrap is simple love this product and color will order again it was a simple way to add style to a basic ponytale
these canes are so nice ! they cut easily , and were in great shape . they looked really nice once sliced and added to my work .
nyx eyebrow cake powder , blonde is very good . and the color is fantastic . loved it ! is my favorite . i recommend to everyone .
these shadows is very beautiful and wonderful and beautiful colors seem obvious in usebut some colors do not look so good
great finishing product for nail tips . it does dry fast and leaves a great shine ! would definitely recommend for doing your own nail tips .
i love it i'm glad i found out about it so take it from me it makes your skin feel so soft .
this soap smoothed out my very rough elbows and subsequent rash scars . it's a great exfoliate to prep skin for lotions . will buy again .
really nice shade of turquoise . ended up being slightly darker than pictured online.stays on very well . no complaints at all .
i have had a lot of issues finding something that smells good and help detangle my kids hair and this worked great !
love this product . the smell is not very good but the product does wonders for your skin .
fabulous solution for we mothers of children with wildly curly hair and little patience . i'm ready to buy it by the case .
i didnt like it . its doesnt have the coverage i expected . all so leaves my skin very oily . i woudnt repurchase it
i love this i use it everyday and omg it leaves my hair supper soft shipping was fast and i just love this
suave is a great , inexpensive brand that works just as well ( if not better ) than pricier brands out there . this shampoo smells and works great .
cute pink color to be natural or use for a french manicure ... or lighten up a darker red or pink shade .
quite overpriced considering the result wasn't great or good . i wouldn't recommend to anyone at the current price . if it were cheaper then maybe
i love these nail brushes ! they are so easy too use and very useful for me ! 5 stars for sure .
i really love the smell of this toner . i actually use it as a room and linen spray too . it really freshen things ups and smells phenomenal .
this is my favorite body lotion , it smells really nice and fresh and hydrates very well . plus it doesn't stick to your skin !
this is the perfect polish i have been looking all around for . i love gelish polish & application for gel nails . thank you
followed directions provided with product and i am pleased with the results . i have an olive complexion , and it looks natural to me .
this product did not work for me . ended up getting rid of the age spots by laser . that worked great and the results are fast .
this is a small bottle but a little goes a long way . i use this on my hair and body . great moisturizer and my hair loves it .
these were needed to do her nails with the gel polish ... seems like painting a car to me . cool stuff that definitely does a good job .
i absolutely just love covergirl liquid make-up . the trublend is a awesome foundation . it really does blend with your complexion
i like the consistency of the product and the nice relief it gives to my mom's dry yet sensitive skin .
i tried this and it only made my hair feel dirty and weighed down . i have fine hair and it was not for me .
but i love this stuff . i love the entire suave kids hair product line and buy it in preference to heavier adult shampoos , conditioners and gels .
not as good as the love scent . it's ok but i would not order again . a little to strong for my senses !
it is almost too soft . it is just ok and i have used better from revlon that i have for 15 years .
this is an excellent brush . i use it to buff out my cream foundation . the bristles are soft and very dense .
this deodorant smells soooo good but it did not last me through the day . i was disappointed that it didn't last .
sweet lady rose necklace / haur band . beautiful . elegant as necklace or hair band . dress up or dress down . shiny and cute
i paint my nails every week and these made it the whole week . they are a great shape that fit my nails well .
my wife finds this product to her liking on me . i like it also . i am glad i found it after a long search .
i like that this top coat dries very quickly , but i wish it was stronger to keep polish from chipping better .
this wax works well but not on the most sensitive areas .. i use it to make a nice line but i cant use it for a full brazilian waxing
these brushes look like good quality . i am very very excited to try them and happy overall with my purchase .
washed my mother's hair sunday and it passed through her scalp like butter.get this brush for all the members of your household .
this has a nice scent and works great . i use after i get out of the shower in the morning and it's made a big difference so far .
absolutely love this color . i will add a picture . very nice holographic shimmer . the shade of purple is perfect ! highly recommend .
works like a charm , very smooth cut and very easy to handle with one hand if you are doing your own nails .
this was okay . it didn't really work for me as i have very dry skin . it showed brush marks after it was applied . smelled nice though .
good in my hair and less in the comb , when i style my hair in the morning and it is not oily . thank you
smells good . feels the same as other serums . i just really don't notice a huge difference with this product . kinda bummed .
this is some very amazing stuff . i had been having some problems with my skin being so dry and this did the job to correct that .
ok , this does exactly what it says : nail art image plate holder . it holds stamping plates . that's all it does .
the lipstick was ok . i was really disappointed when i tried the product . it did not compliment my skin tone at all .
i have stocked these colors at the upscale salon where i work . the coverage and finish are excellent . i would definitely order this product again .
i am blonde and this is a a very good color for me . i like the brush at the other end for a groomed look .
wonderful product for the face - will order larger bottle next time - leaves face feeling soft and very smooth
excellent product . works perfectly . excellent for the people who like nail art design . that's wonderful . i would recommend this to everyone .
very versatile in use , from a row on french tip to just a single gem . they look gorgeous . a great value .
this product really works ! i have long grey-n-blond hair that does not naturally have much shine . this turned me into a high-end shampoo commercial !
these are great was able to swatch all my polishes and they look amazing ! and they were great for soak off gel polishes too !
this color is very beautiful ! its a navy blue with blue sparkles in it that you can see in the sun
works fine , well made . price was less than ulta so i bought it .
my skin is already dry and this just made it more dry . i stopped using it after the second time .
this is a great base to keep eye shadow on your lids . it helps keep it on all day long
for years every conditioner i used made my hair greasy . this stuff is amazing . i have used it for a year and love it .
best for sagging skin , wrinkle , dull skin , moisture loss , face weakness . face wash after apply hyaluronic acid serum on face & neck .
havent tried it yet , but it smells pretty good . bought it for a gift for a friend since we both fry our hair lol
my legs are loving this wonder cream ! ! ! give it a try , my only complaint is i wish in came in a gallon bucket ! ! !
this was the best piece i ordered , its big , colerfull and looks great my friends want to her one to , i recament this highly
these weren't like i expected i love them but the only problem is you can't put a nail form on them other then that this is an awesome product
its okay its not that bad i don't like the color of itbut the price is really good if you love the color brown you should appreciate this
i am very pleased with this purchase . a great price that you have to be very pleased with . worth the money spent .
easy to use work good on acrylic nails it came on time thanks for this awesome products . good for 1st user
very creamy cleanser does not dry out my skin , pleasant scent . only have to use a little at a time , thick cleanser very refreshing .
the one product i love from image ! must buy ! ! ! smooth clean fresh face . only use once a week , or skin will dry out !
real cosmetics have a smell about them , the way a woman should smell . i lucked out the color is good too !
love using the body brush for all over cleansing & exfoliating . try using with a body scrub and you'll never go back !
these are great as i cut my own hair now . they are sharp and very high quality so you get a precise cut .
i'm a makeup aholic and i love shadows that plenty pigmented . sugarpill never disappoints with color intensity and it the color always holds up for hours
i like the consistence , the covereage is medium , not bad not good but with power over it it looks nice i would buy this again .
this is great for filling my deep ridges on my nails , and making them seem smooth and ready for polish .
it was an okay cream . very creamy . you have to remix it because the oils separated . i've bought better homemade calendula creams on etsy .
the tool helps design my kids and my along with the tweezers for adding the jewels . and will be using them for a wedding party
you can tell i liked it because when i ran out i bought more that says it all right ? get it !
this is my all time fav hair spray , can not live without it . gives me the lift i need . go for it .
wow i loved the black professional rolling makeup case but this leopard case is so cute and it is at the same price !
what can i say , it's not harsh , leaves my lashes long and lovely . will buy again because its hard finding good mascara
not getting enough effect from this as i do with perricone . probably fine for someone younger , i am 59 , with combo skin .
i like colorscience better . you can always just order the refill and put it in any of the powder sunscreen containers .
gives the hair gloss and healthier ... i use amla avery 2 week he make nice hair for me .
my daughter uses this to play dress up . she can use it without help and does not have any problem getting the beads out .
they were long but not ridiculous . only reason i wouldn't give it five stars is because it came with no glue :(
i got this in few weeks ago . i love it . that is very nice . have nice a day . good job
this eye shadow has great depth of color but , unfortunately , the color applies as a bright fusia and not the purple that i was expecting .
i really like the glue a lot it's my favorite and it's a good price i think and got here on time
i like it alot , but i ordered it in black and i have dark brown hair . so i just use it occassionally .
it looks like oil on the bottle , but i after you take the makeup off , it absorbs fast in to the skin . not oily after 3 minutes
only reason i give the item 3 stars is it did not cure my 5 year old daughters thumb sucking habit shes very determined to do so i guess
this is an amazing pink color . looks like you have a natural glow on your cheeks . if pink is your color then you better buy this blush .
this makes my skin like velvet , do not leave the lid off ... it will harden , otherwise , its nirvana for the skin .
love using this tools to do my nails . its some really good brushes and i use them all the time
neutrogena made this little toy that is perfect to use on your skin to help with complexion and smoothness of the surface . my mother loves this
these arrived early which was great . the price was just right and they work great for nail art . would buy these again .
arrives raw so its a little hard but greatif you smush it a bit and / or to mix with essensial oils .
works great at covering flaws while still looking natural . a little goes a long way so the tube should last a very long time .
nice product . durable n smooth finish ... 2 oz would only do but so much so next time id go for a bigger jar
if you have dandruff , this is a great shampoo . just use it on and off regularly and you'll notice the effects .
this stuff is amazing ! ! ! the primer is exactly as is says poreless . not a big fan of the lip color but everything else is fantastic
very good product for the low price , works great , and is exactly as described , the only problem is the seller don't give a tracking number .
the colors of this palette are amazing . i tried three of them once it arrived , perfect and stays long time
great product to maintain a tan . smells good . product lasts a while . apply every day . works better if u already have a tan .
this product is so light and smooth feeling i use it every day and i love it i would buy again
this is a wonderful neutral color of nail polish ~ just a hint of pink . i like it alot ... adds just enough natural-looking color to nails .
perfect . not a huge bag like i'd anticipated , but lots of storage regardless . i didn't originally know this , but it also has a small hanger .
pretty much your standard awesome essie quality . i would say the color was very true to the picture - a take on tiffany blue , very fashionable turquoise
i couldn't pass up these tips for the price . they make french tips look amazing and i would definitely recommend this product .
i really like the fragrance on this shampoo . it does not smell like a cheap smell that you would expect for a bottle of shampoo at this price .
they lost their shine once i put the clear over top of them , if you plan on using these i hope your okay with that .
a little thin but it does the trick for my daughter . i tried it too and it isn't that bad , could be a bit wider though .
decent , but unimpressive , first time purchase , freeman generally makes good products , a little runny may not buy again at all
a great gel for sunburns that is animal cruelty free and has natural ingredients . it is not too sticky and feels soothing when you put it on .
i will buy it next time . i feel great next morning . and my acne became much better than before . i will keep using it .
it didnt make me break out but i think its fake , my last mac smell different and had a smooth finish . this is chalky
i got exactly 10 crosses . all of the crosses were perfect and exactly what i expected . very very very happy .
one of those interesting type smells . little too sweet when you first put it on and then changes with body chemistry and becomes subtle and delicate
first time using a product like this and its so refreshing . face feels so fresh and clean . product is a must
hyaluronic acid is found in dermal filler and they are expensive . i thinkk this is a great price
i use this for contouring and it is absolutely amazing . i will buy more for sure , it is an absolutely amazing product !
i can say that this lipstick leaves them soft . also this colour looks great on every skin colour . try it .
i love the lightness of this , and this is the most comparable to oriental sunscreens , with the ethanol , it sinks right in !
i love this product . it works great and is not hard and overdrying even though i use more than i should .
its over priced and very drying . i switched to other methods and got much better results . currently using the oil cleanse method and its working amazingly .
nice clean rose scent , dries smooth does not take alot to cover body good or after shower or bath just as expected
it's soft enough for my curly , colour treated hair , no crunch , just enough hold ... i love it , and i would definitely recommend . it
love this stuff my daughter told me to try this so i did it left my hair soft and smooth and my hair was minty cool
it looks much different than the picture but i still love it , great for the summer only , not a winter color
makes really beautiful large curls ! easy to handle and heats quickly . love the ceramic ! can style my hair without destroying it ! good quality product .
tried to go no poo but just couldn't seem to get there totally . this product is 99 % naturally and really nice . i would recommend it .
smaller than it looks , not the softest but works , didnt get the right color , but works great for what i need
bare minerals is my makeup of choice . i have used it for years and don't want to try any other .
great product . super beautiful vibrant color and very strong hold in your hair . would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a great product
good product and nice selection of different styles of eye lashes for all occasions . amazing choice for the low price !
i love them so much my only problem is the fact that nail polish destroys the beauty of the pen it chaffs it away which is messed up
my skin is not even super sensitive but everytime i tried to use it , it broke me out . greasy . yuck
very cute tiny little psck , cute container cannot beat the price great for arts and crafts , i recommend it cute
bought this for a coworkers son and she says that it helped him within two days ! i bought this for my husband , can't wait to try it .
if you love glitter on the nails , this is on the chunky side . this looks great over a base color .
good shampoo , but it is pricy so i couldn't buy them again when my kids were using them a lot !
lots of glitter in this product , hard to remove and it gets caked on if you try to layer it more than twice
it's ok but after using it for about a week my hair became very dry . i do like the conditioner .
needed a new fragrance for summer and this is it ! it's very light , but smells so good ! my new favorite fragrance !
i tried this product after trying a lot of other products . it makes my hair soft and smooth and you can't beat the price !
this amazing stuff left my hair feeling silky and soft . its a good deal because the price and the quality , so i just love it
ok this is great for short wigs but if you are styling or trying to keep a long or heavy wig on this thing it will shift
these are incredibly tiny . they are hard to put on , but with practice it should be better . definitely is a lot .
it stays on all day and i don't have to reapply even when i eat or drink and it's one of the boldest colors i've ever worn
perfect for drying curly hair ! love that they are black so i can use them after dying my hair without worry
great rack ! easy to assemble ! fits all of my nail art ! ! ! would recommend to anyone with a small nail laquer collection !
absolutely love it ! ! it is a great color . i love opi . i am really glad i got this color . i highly recommend opi .
i have bought allot of different ones and i just love them all . awesome buy too . use them all on my nails .
this is a great choice for reasonable shears . cuts hair well and seems to have a solid build . i can see them lasting a long time .
it does an adequate job and is very easy to clean . they seem to be made well . would purchase again .
this products is just as advertised . it is a great value for the quality and i have been rather pleased with it overall .
great for the price.soft color , looks natural and feels good on lips . i would buy again and try different colors !
do not like the premier product here . does not do anything . this scrub is not any good . doesn't do anything .
kind of junky quality . however they make a clean cut and do not crack the nail . overall a good deal for the price .
this worked really well for me . i would definitely buy this product again when the time comes . it lasts a long time !
these make applying makeup evenly much easier ! got them at a price also . a smart investment for us girly girls .
these are for fine detail decorating your nails . there are small fine brushes . the colors are great , and fun for drawing on your nails .
um no got it for my eyebrows to keep my hairs in place but it didn't help at all . it wasn't for me
this burns like the dickens , holy crap . i found it did not to help after all of the pain it caused . threw in the trash .
great products for my nails . use it as a base coat under all my manicures . i helps stop breakage . .
great plates just like the last set i ordered . great etching and good pickup . some good images . great to add to any nail plate collection
this is nice looking and easy to use , however , very loud and the rollers seem to just slide around , not really working deep .
i wish i had realized how much oil is in this , it left my face feeling oily & didn't work any better
these work well ! i can definitely tell a difference , my hairs grown a lot
works great expensive but if you want your hair to grow this is a great product to suppliment your diet
macadamia oil deep repair mask is great too , but this oil treatment is the key ingredient to to healthy hair .
i like both of these eye pencils - they are jumbo size and so easy to use - creamy and fantastic ! i love nyx lipsticks too !
i like this oil . i mix it with shea butter to make my twisting cream . good product . nice texture and consistency .
i am new to this product ... but my initial use gave very nice results . it makes hair soft and it feels restorative .
i don't think you can get this anymore the fresh frog i did my toes great toe nail lacquerthe muppets collection .
i have coarse curly hair that i straighten . this oil makes it feel so soft and smooth . i also love the smell .
this is a perfect after a hard 2 + hours of working out . it has a refreshing feel and takes away the grime of the sweat .
bodies oil or massage oil ? doesn't mind . is nice oil.not oilly at all . i used it for massage .
i really like this product it goes on easily its great for the skin and helps with the appearance of cellulite and other skin flaws
i really like them good size . i still havent use them but cant wait to try them on they are too cute .
excellent for sagging skin after any form of weight loss . very affordable and best of all ... it works . a must for moisturizing
i bought it as gift for me wife . the smells really good . she like it very much & recommend it .
not the best lashes but ok for practice . would not buy again . will not recommend for anyone wanting to have for a while .
i love this product and this color is beautiful ! it also lasts longer than other products , thanks opi ! it is so nice for summer .
very small and strong blowing hair dryer . i love bring it for travelling which is light and not taking too much space in the luggages .
these arrived in perfect condition , and the holographics are stunning . i am so excited to have them in time for summer sunshine !
it really doesn't come with 2400 pieces , it has like 50 for each color . but they look great ...
i have been using physicians formula creams and make up for a year now . this doesn't clog pores and is a great blusher .
they work well and they're easy to clean , so i'm happy ! all the shapes i need are there . give them a whirl .
i didn't think . 25 was not enough , but it actually is . good product and i would def recommend it to anyone
i prefer the lavender scent of this brand , the lemon verbena is a little off-putting to me . otherwise , it is a fine soap .
it is beautiful , but way to heavy for my hair . i am going to have to find a new clip for it to stay in my hair .
these are the best washing cloth i ever used . i will buy thee again . they last for more than one year .
cooling and fresh , this masque clears up any blemishes and pampers my skin . this is one of my favorite products in the eminence line . love it !
lash glue came in fast . works great . holds eye lash on strong ... all day . cheaper here then in stores . retails about $ 5 in store
very nice conditioner . no unreadable ingredients , leaves hair nice and soft and less tangley . would definately purchase again . no lasting smell .
it really works , takes no time for the nails to dry . i will continue to use this product and have suggested it to friends ..
your eyebrows can really change the look of your face . you don't have to spend a lot to groom them . but doing so makes a big difference .
this moisturizer does have a handy dispenser , but it takes a lot of work to get the lotion worked into your skin .
this is a very affordble product and a great value . the mask is soothing and effective . i will use this product over and over again .
essie is one of the best nail polish brands and this color is great . the color is simple yet shimmery . one of my favorite polishes .
i'm fair skinned and the flesh colors matches my eyes exactly make makeup application better and smoother and last longer love it
glides on the eyelids easily and keeps eye shadow in place all day . i'm happy with the product . i recommend it .
love these brushes , an amazing deal for the price . i will defiently order more and recommend these brushes to others .
i absolutely love these clips . they are small but that's how i like them for picking up smaller sections of hair .
pretty quick shipping and feels to be of high quality , i have used them a few times and hold polish on them pretty good
best eyeliner i've had so far ... not only is it actually the darkest black i've had , but it has those little sparkles in it . excellent .
love these false lashes . they feel good , comfy to wear and are dramatic but natural at the same time . obsessed . <3
my son really likes this shampoo . lathers well , does a great job cleaning the hair , reducing dandruff and rinses clean . nice smell as well .
my wife is african american and she loved this product . the color looked great and lasted for a long time . she has natural hair by the way .
i use this to set my brows and it works pretty well . nothing ground breaking but it's a clear mascara and it does the job .
the sunscreen , the natural and effective moisturing qualities and the lack of harmful additives make the naked bee products perfect for our household
too small for the price . i am gonna get a whole ton of hyaluronic acid wholesale . this bottle hardly lasted 2 weeks .
great shampoo . didn't dry my hair out after using it even thought i didn't follow up with conditioner . magnificent scent too .
great cuticle nipper . this is much better than the more expensive one i purchased . for the price , well worth it .
waste of time and money . they won't stay on for five minutes . spend a little more and get something that actually works . these are cheap junk !
got this as a gift and she liked it . this pencil is affordable and does stand up to its waterproof claim . the color is vibrant .
axe fash wash isn't that bad , actually . it cleans well and also moisturizes . but the scent - ugh . peace ? more like peace , bro .
the glycolic is not to strong and does not sting or damage my skin at all . its not my favourite glycolic and i wont repurchase
have not used it a lot . still they fray a bit at the end.could have been better . will try other products .
does not last as long .. just as everyone has been saying .. but great smell . very close to the 212 . i do a mix of both .
i didn't care for the way it made my hair feel . made my hair very tacky and dull looking . would not recommend this
this products works well and is suppose to better for your nails than acetone . does a good job and i would purchase again .
great color . the color you get is exactly as shown here . comes out on your nails the same as shown too .
great brushes at an affordable price . definitely comparable to mac brushes . would order these again and was very pleased with them .
gorgeous night cream , my skin loves it , it doesn't clog up my pores and my skin is clear and soft and glowing . excellent product .
this is almost completely invisible . i would not call it pink , because there's no color on my nails after using this .
bought these for my daughter and she loves them . she uses them when she's doing acrylic nails and absolutely loves them .
the designs are adorable and easy to use . i even had a preteen that could use them easily . can't wait to try them on my summer pedi :)
def takes away eye swelling and softnes light lines but no disappearance of dark circles , i use all night long and u cant use these 2x
love how soft my hands and feet are after this . i have dry calluses and this helped them a ton ! will keep using !
this one squeeks like crazy from day 1 . " melodysusie 192 needles microneedle skin care therapy system " works a lot better with only 192 needles .
very good quality brush . perfect with concealer application . makes a big difference when u have the right brushes and bare essentials is got the best
but it's a piece of plastic . i use it and it's nice.it ' s no different than any other one on the market , really . it's cool .
i really recommend this product to people that have soft nail and nail chip real easy .. this product really make your nail stronger and smooth looking ...
i wish these bm designs were bigger ! they are so cute but i have bigger finger nails and my thumbs are way to big for them :(
the tapes are very easy to stick on , even on my daughter's little fingers . great variety of colors to mix and match .
my husband has been wearing this cologne for a little over a year and it smells wonderful . crisp and clean , without being overpowering .
this stuff works . it's pretty painful but it works . i got used to the pain . i would suggest taking two boxes .
i looove this brush its soo soft and blends your liquid foundation evenly giving u a flawless finish . the handle is sturdy and fits the hand perfectly
a super compact to have with mineral powders . works well . i have a couple of them . get one for yourself !
to " e . l . f " - do the world a favor , and stop making poor , low quality , horrible product ! ! .
this basecoat is great . used it for a number of years and have never been disappointed with it . give it a try .
this works really well when i can't get it open but the lid feels like it's glued on and it's really hard to open after a while .
just like all shany products these brushes are great ! i don't understand how these brushes are such a great price at such a great quality !
love the smell . had another scent of this , but i like this one best . great for all seasons . definitely a staple for your bath .
i purchased it along with a diffuser but it did not fit so i retuned it and never did get a chance to try it out .
doesn't stay all day .. it's ok , but definitely not the best . will not purchase again . i prefer physicians formula or cover girl .
these work perfectly , i just wipe them on a towel after erasing to keep product from building up . each has 3 replacement tips so they last forever .
this completely fried my hair ! listen to your stylist ... never flat iron your hair while it's wet / damp with something metal ... you'll thank me later .
i like that this item has washing texture and lavender aroma . i have started this item twice , i have used this item since now .
these are fantastic for make up application and corrections . these help people like me fix all the mistakes i make when initially applying make up !
if you hava little to no hair it really goodbut i a have hair that longer then this and it really bad for me
best mascara in the world : curls easily , blackest of black lashes , easy to remove , never smudges or clumps . kevyn aucoin products are simply brilliant !
i love this palette ! ! it has such great colors and they are very pigmented ! i would chose this over the ud naked palette any day !
not only does this smell amazing , the scent lasts for hours . it comes in a beautiful bottle and is well worth the money .
just average . nothing special about this product for me . but i guess at 52 i need to stop hoping for miracles .
i bought these for my daughters collection ! very nice ! they arrived in perfect condition ! thank you sooo much ! happy new year ! ! !
bought these for my wife and she is a makeup fanatic she likes high quality items and these were perfect she really enjoyed these
this is not the first time i buy it and still love the product . works great , no complains , would buy again .
the brush felt a little scratchy upon application of the product . however , the powder itself is exactly what i was looking for .
i shed like a dog it's ridiculous ! it doesn't stop it it just reduces it . smells good and makes my hair soft ;)
long lasting scent , at least on my skin anyway increases the scent after using the body wash . perfect moisture intensive and the smell heavenly !
great polish pretty color i just started using the gel nail polish and wanted a collection of nice colors i love pink
i use it after every shower . not really impressed yet . but the ingredients seem to be better and at least less harmless than the other body lotions .
this is my 1st time buying this product & i love it ! it smells amazing , and is really moisturizing . i will definitely buy this again .
bought this because it is in a glass bottle . always choose glass over plastic ! 6 more words required . 2 more
this color looks pretty online and it is really bold i gave it to my daughter who is dark skinned and she uses a purple liner before applying
even though it says arrival time the 15th i got it 4 days after i'm really happy now waiting for my other package though
this brush works well ! it's the best brush i've used at blending eyeshadow and does not shed . i would repurchase .
these nail art polishes are great they are thick and are good to use with the xxl shany nail art plates
i use this brush for my studio fix powder to finish my make up . it gives me extra coverage and a flawless look .
it is a nice color and perfect brush , it is more more than i expect . i recomend this item for all .
here again you use the word pen and brushes in the same sentence . they do work okay , but not as i anticipated .
i purchased this polish for my daughter a nice bright spring polish looks beautiful and she loves it would buy again
excellent product , easy to assemble . it was a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it , she could fit all her nail polish bottles in it .
i have thick , curly hair and this worked fine , but was nothing remarkable . worked much like pantene products i've used in the past
this nailpolish is disappointing . i dont like the color much . and , it doesnt seem to last.guess i should have read the reviews .
smells okay . very much like vanilla . irritates my skin , causing redness . bottle leaks if not kept upright . probably won't buy it again .
works best with liquid foundation with a little translucent powder ! the price is unbelievable ! it's almost like a mac dupe !
i would recommend it . i have natural curly hair but this product helped enhance my hair . made my curls look more natural .
i like this brand but the color was lighter than i thought . i ended up getting a darkest brown after a month .
i do like these but they leave a lot of the black coarse flaking from the file , that is my only complaint , otherwise good
crapy pigments , ashy appearance . definetly won't be purchasing this product again . would not recommend this product for experienced makeup artists .
i prefer a shampoo that leaves my hair squeaky clean and this one does that without being harsh . it's the only fekkai shampoo that i would use .
great smell very moisturizing and it gives me the results i want . my hair is very curly and thick so i love this for it
it holds all day and is a great black but it is really clumpy on my lashes . dont think i will rebuy
this color comes out a deep purple gray on me . i love the deep fall look without appearing too goth or otherwise wild . keeper !
nice silver color . a little sheer but with 3 coats its completely opaque . what can i say its china glaze . they rarely disappoint .
this product is nice , natural ingridients . it is a little dry so i apply chapstick after i uset it on my lips .
loreal should be ashamed they stopped making this product , it is a miracle worker . i used for years and look 10 years younger .
love , love , love this deep dark solid black , it is so shiny and pretty . two coats was enough for a nice finish .
i like these products , they work well in the beginning . after awhile i think it might weigh hair down a bit . smells nice though !
product is not the same offer i have asked the color blue and have shipped to me in pink why is this manipulation of people it's a pity
my dermatologist warned me that , although this product is specifically marketed for acne clearing purposes , the mineral base of it actually will clog pores .
great product for great price . bought quite a few to give away as gifts !
i really didnt think that this perfume would have such disgusting smell.maybe its not original from jlo s perfume ? ! anyway i dont advise this product
i ordered this specifically for the designs and it works nicely but very small compared to my monster plates . konad is sorta hyped up in my opinion
doesn't pop anything or help with whiteheads / blackheads . i say leave it ! i'd rather use my fingers to purge my pores
this is the best hairspray . it smells good , gives great hold and is a must have for everyday . i cannot live without this .
it smells so good and makes your hair nice and soft , i'm not sure about the bottle design but would buy it again !
this top coat is great , it is strong and shiny and is less expensive than many of the other brands . i will buy this again .
i have rosacea and this was not irritating , nice consistencynot greasy stays on and moisturizers the face very well
this helps keepy curls in all day long . just run it through your curls and they are beautiful all day long .
daughter loved it , its a little messy but fun to use , lots of great colors and something new to use .
awesome very nice bold colors and altogether great all day staying power and i like when the shades mix very nice
the things didn't stick with my glue we'll . they just curled up . it was hard to get them out.yep yes
they are ok , but most of them fell apart the first day i got them . i would not recommend these to anyone
great aroma , however i was very disappointed that its effects did not last long at all ; had to keep reapplying it all day long ;
no clumping , comes off easy with soap and water , does not irritate eyes . lasts all day long . highly recommended mascara
i love this product , make my hair look softer , easy manageable and look lighter color and texture and smell so good
i only got the hair piece and you got your money , but i have never got any thing else i ordered .. i want it please
love these tools . they are fun and great if u have an imagination to can do anything with these tools ...
i love the smell of this product . it adds moisture without weight . i have thin hair that is dry and this product has been fantastic !
i am not one to advocate silicon-based products , but this one definitely moisturized my thickhair . it also left if soft and tangle free .
perfect pink for french manicures , this color worked great with bliss french wrap tips from sallys or online ... it does make the white pinkish however .
it is the bets of the over the counter tanners but i wish it did not start to look dirty after 2 days .
this is the best stuff on earth to cover anything you might want . there simply is no better cover up . i wish it was sold locally .
i use this acetone with a brush to clean up my manicures . a little goes a long way and it is not very drying .
it's a little more translucent than i would have hoped , but it is still very pretty . great for an every day color .
lighter than cg for audrey . kind of a really pale green . goes on smoothly and usually done in 1-2 coats , typical china glaze
smells great , feels great , looks great , tastes okay . i like it much better than the dial i used to use . great deal from amazon !
this is great for if you want to thicken the look of your hair in certain areas . definitely recommend this product ! ! !
works great for nail art and its a wonderful deal getting that much for the price i did was amazing .
same as the picture on the websitewhen you hold it it feels good since it has decent sizecan not wait to use it
this made my skin dry so remember to moisturize your face before applying this mineral foundation . other than that it had good coverage .
model in a bottle works , but it could be perfected to work more effectively , meaning , to work longer . it's worthy 4 stars .
a group at the office tried the product and they all agreed it did a good job with a natural feel . recommended .
this is my " my lips but better " lipstick . it's creamy and just sheer enough to look totally natural . love it .
i recevied my order very early i love it very awsome to wear on my nail . i do thank-you so much god bless you
i've got a drawer full of other lip balms and sticks and none have worked at all compared to vaseline cocoa butter petroleum jelly .
the bag is very beautiful and gorgeous size of a bag i will recommend to my friends in this thank you
this is the only brand i use and would not change for the world . recommend this to everyone . you will not be disappointed .
i use corrective powder before and this one works so much better without the high price as banana powder ... hope this product keeps me happy
this good if you don't want strong hard hold . i use it to shape certain areas of my hair as well .
wow . all i can say is wow . i've never had such a nice set of brushes before . luxurious and beautiful .
bought these for my daughter , she likes them so i would say good buy . and would recommend them . it's worth it in price
good cleanser does not dry my skin out . helps keep it clear with out being drying like typical acne products .
i use it every day and it keeps my hair moisturized and soft - my hair is now very manageable
i use this product because it looks very natural on my skin and i would reccommend this product to my friends and family members
very easy to use , even for a rookie . stays all day and doesn't smudge once dried but easy to revise when freshly applied
it is a really nice dense brush ! i would recommend this for everyone . this blends out my foundation flawlessly ! ! love it
another item essential in your arsenal of you equipment to work with nails love it an all my customer too
this product was way to thick for me . it might have been older package . i returned the packageand bought another one by cosmedine which is much better .
this is the very best soap i have ever used . highly recommend it . my very dry hands never hurt or itch when i use this soap .
a little goes a long way . leaves my hair nice and clean . i've noticed less hair loss since i started using it .
it's an ok moisturizer , but nothing special . i'm 30 with fine lines and i did not notice anything different . not too fond of the ingredients either .
i bought this because it claimed to help keep nails from chipping as quickly . i didn't notice it doing any better at that than my other base coats .
my customers love it and so do i.feels great and it tingles when using for a foot soak . i would recommend this to anyone .
this is a gift for a high schooler , perfect colors , nice packagins . looks good.im sure she will enjoy it .
i use to use kinky girl hair leave-in conditioner , but this is clearly better . you will notice the differnce immediately .
ordered this just to get the price high enough for something else to be add on shipped it worked well for that but i didn't like anything in it
we are going green as much as possible in our house . love this soap and this is the best price i found anywhere .
this product wasn't worth the postage to get it ... just didn't do what an eyeshadow base is supposed to do .. disappointed and returned product .
nice color . easy to use and dries quickly . good for pedicures . seals well . i'm going to try other colors . happy .
have not been using them long , but i guess they are doing ok . i havent really noticed to much difference , but do have a little more energy
didnt notice any results from this . i used it faithfully under my moisturizer and could have gone without it . i wont buy it again
i have been using the obagi system for years now and very happy with it . i use the spf 35 every day , rain or shine .
not the best brushes i've ever used but they do have a few brushes that fit the needs i have when i'm doing certain designs
sex in the city ... great product ... adorable scent ... large size bottle ... buy it
i really enjoy that i can use this every day , its gentle and smells great , and cleans my skin without drying it out .
these nail bows are the best i own , i have bought over 10 different bows off of amazon and these are by far my favorite !
my wife loves this stuff , it smells great and has real staying power . once it's on others will know it .
i liked the product very much , eyeshadows are of a very high quality and lasts for a very long time . colors are on any taste
these are the same combs that come with wen products for alot less , buy you wont be diappiointed with these .
i am glad i bought this product at the other store it is much more . a very great deal too .
perfect for winter too thick in summer and i'm san diego so i'd imagine in most places that would be the case also .
i bought this to remove my gel nail polish and this works great . it is pretty high quality and i have no complaints about it .
i always love opi nail colors . they last a long time and the colors are great . this is a unique color for sure ! !
this has grown my lashes but really made a difference in my brows . they are full and look great
this concealer works great . for the price , i wasn't expecting much , but i am happy to say that i am pleasantly surprised .
this color is very bright for the first few days then it goes to a darker teal blue / green still pretty color just wush it would not fade
this is really nice to have on hand i love that it makes your hair fresh again can also be used to freshen your face or set your nakeup
i like the fflower slices some pcs are too big to place on the nail but they are very nice .
easy to peel off , if paint is very dry when you apply the stickers . makes nail art easy and fun .
these are small rolls . only about two inches wide.good quality.excellent value for your moneywill order more later
these cleansing cloths work very well . they have cleared up acne and work well to clean up makeup . have recommended to friends .
these clippers feel good in my hand and they actually cut my nails better than anything i have used before .
it works but it is very big so you need to have a lot of hair or very long for it to look fine
love this conditioner wish i could find in stores instead of having to purchase online works on straight curly all hair types
i see a definite improvement in hair moisture and softness . hair tangles less and there is less breakage . pleasant fragrance that does not linger .
this product worked ok for me . i usually use alterna products , but was looking for something less expensive . not at all like alterna , just ok .
fits my brushes nicely , keeps dirt and dust off my brushes and keeps their shape after i wash them . i recommend these to any makeup lover !
i love sigma brushes ! so high end but for a considerably low price ! must have ! great highlighter brush for your every day kit !
this is a really good blending tool . i haven't used mac or sigma's blending brushes but this does the job very well !
this product left white residue on my hair and i also started to notice my edges breaking off . this product is a waste of money ! ! !
5 star for this is a great product . the nail color is great.only nail color i use.yes , buy
great product ! very easy to sharpen . have used them for few months and this thing still sharp my pencils like brand new .
very happy with product , will order again love the double sided point swab , never encountered these anywhere . i will order again
this is a very thin and messy hair . nothing looks like in the picture
not much to say about soap , it had a nice fragrance and lasted a while . was pleased with the purchase .
by far the best wheat germ product ive bought in a long time ! quality vs price is great ! thank you for such a great product !
i have wore this clip in the front and back of my hair , and people love it . it is really pretty . stays in my hair .
really brings the shine back instantly and makes hair more manageable . great stuff , very glad my hair dresser recommended it !
smells great . bottle is so pretty . i collect perfume bottles but the one thing the perfume itself have to smell good and this one smells great
this is for my elderly mother who golfed and sun bathed her whole life . we know better today . this helps with her thin and damaged skin .
if you have allergies , stay away from anything aveda or your skin will break out big time ! all of their products cause breakouts for sensitive skin !
i don't really know what to say here lol.the item smells ok and does what it should so i'm happy with it .
works well for about any hair color . my hair happens to be red . i also use it as an eyeliner .
this soap smell so good ; i wish i had ordered more ; definetly make your body feel smooth and silky ; great buy
like the color of nyx cream blush , natural , but it is hard to blend . i like the almay or the maybelline cream blushes better .
these last about two uses and then two washes ( to clean them ) and they begin to fall / pull apart . so disappointed .
great product and perfect classic pink , just like it states . it's a great size and the brush works well too .
i love this butt i hate the smell ... you can see your face glow very good product i will deff buy this again :)
this was an okay mascara for me , didn't really do much for my lashes . may work well for others , but did nothing for my lashes .
this particular product has to much gray undertone for my coloring . the picture doesn't really match the actual product as well as it should .
i have definitely noticed an improvement on my skin tone and less blackheads using this regularly and in combination with other philosophy products .
i really liked this product . it is very similar to konad and the price is almost half . loved the quality of it .
beautiful color . thick polish . formula is smooth with no problems whatsoever . this is a fresh spring polish . i love it .
awesome , love the scent , light , texture great , 3 - in - 1 greeeat !
this is the only mascara that i have tried that doesn't end up under your eye , even after swimming . this is my favorite !
perfect crackle and color ! dries and crackles fast , great for nail art or just crackled nails . shipping was quick , i will be back .
this is like the travel sized shadow or something , much smaller than their regular palette size . nice neutral color though for daytime .
i used the black for my roots and love it . also love that it is ammonia free . great quality color , highly recommend it .
this works pretty good have to see if it really works after all used up so far so good
did not help my peeling nails that much . have not found the right polish yet . this is not it . really need to give it 2 stars .
this brush allows you to apply concealer so easily and looks so good . perfect for concealing under eyes and other blemishes on your face .
perfect ! ! ! bigger than i thought ! soooooooooooooooooooooooo happy with this buy ! smells like a sexy dream <3 will buy againn thanks
these eyeliners are the best ever ! i have used many brands and these last long and the colors are very vibrant !
it has an annoying beep sound when the timer is up though ! worked well with cnd shellac . controls in the front was great .
it is moisturizing and adds just the right amount of dazzle for my lips . i recommend this lip gloss for a young lady or a woman too
these worked great with the color i bought and the uv lighting . overall though , it takes about 45 mins to do your own nails
the smell of this product is so overpowering to me that i am not using it . i am not going to waste my time returning it .
this comb i use in my shower to detangle my hair and it just goes right through my hair without any trouble .
these got good color these go on very well better than another highend nail polish that i had you will want them all .
great bronzer i love love using this it suits my skin well . this is a great product a must have .
this is a nice color . not flashy but has a nice shine to it . it goes on easily and only takes 2 coats for nice coverage .
this is a great mineral powder blush and it is a very pretty and natural looking color for any occasion
it's very good for deep clean and ease to remove black head . she love it as i gave as a gift basket .
dont like the product at all ... waste of money ... it doesnt really color your lips it only makes it sticky
i would wear this everyday . beautiful purple blue that just glows . 2 coats is all you need . one of my faves from china glaze
first , i love the color . it looks gorgeous on its own or worn over navy blue polish . my only issue was that it peeled really easily .
omg it so cute and worked great well almost all only some show haft of the image thought and some worked full image .
this is a truly excellent hair product . it keeps hair looking beautiful and really enhances curls . it is so great for keeping beautiful hair throughout the day .
i love this curling wand ! no more ugly creases in my hair from the clip curling irons ! also it makes curls that hold throughout the day !
this broke the second use . the motor just ceased up and it refused to turn . it was a waste of money and time .
i love these flowers there so popular and so cute but they can be a little tricky to glue on make sure u use arcylic so it stays on longer
i absolutely love this set , the smell itself is sooooo amazing , and it leaves my hair silky soft.well worth the money .
the opi expert touch lacquer remover does a great job ! works fantastic particularly removing the gel out of my nails . love it !
it is grt cos i cut my hair & it gets all my short parts thanx it is nice it gets nice & hot
love it . easy application on top or bottom lids . stays on when you put it on . love all the tarte products .
i have an obsession with soap . this doesnt over dry my face . i dont think it doesnt anything special but i like it
now i have buffing equipment and files for a very long time . very good quality . i love ii ! would highly recommend !
this smells so wonderful , i get compliments all the time asking what i'm wearing . it's sexy yet not overpowering . a little is all you need .
best top coat ever if you like shine . protects nails and polish . very glossy . have used this for years and would use nothing else .
good products , necessary to the process for shellacking my nails . cnd have good products that last on my nails for about two weeks !
really easy to use and the colors are very bright i will be ordering more of these in different colors .
my daughter and i love this set our nail are beautiful shinny and growing ... you do need a uv lamp to cure and alcohol to wipe of sticky
i really enjoy this scent ! it smells very nice on me . i pass up my juicy noir just to wear this :)
waxy without the shine . this product helps keep my eyebrows nicely shaped and i can even re-apply make up over the wax .
super cute and great for bad hair days ... i absolutely love it . i would consider getting more colors in the near future !
he usado este acondicionador por solo 2 semanas y estoy muy contenta con los resultados . mi cabello queda completamente suave y es muy facil de peinar .
it's a really nice brush , comes in great packaging and blends my foundation perfectly . i really am satisfied and will be buying more elf brushes
the mask is doing a great job in clearing up my complexion . i use it to spot treat blemishes overnight and often they are gone by morning .
i was expecting , essentially , ivory bar soap in a liquid . the smell on this is very overpowering . no thanks , folks .
i have very fair skin and this was a good match , especially when applied lightly with a make up sponge .
delightful talc and nice scent of lavender made in uk well made and nice metal talc container . i will order again one depleted .
the colors are really nice and i like having a variety to choose from ! recommend it to anyone that's into doing nails !
this has turned out to be an incredible product which is also a great value . highly recommend this and its works as well as much higher priced items .
ok , this is for those stubborn curls that need extra attention . easy to use . portable .
many people say it's very good . so i bought itit's kinda heavy if you try to put a little bit more
it's my best one ! the only one i like to use over and over ! i like the smell , very good !
i just couldn't make it look good . i think i am too old for this kind of make-up . i will give it to my granddaughter .
this is a good face wash and not extremely expensive , which is nice . usually it comes with prime shipping too .
this is a great toner and feels incredibly soft on my skin . the only thing that would make it better is if it were all natural .
great neutral gloss goes on smoothly not too shiny not a fan of the butter taste but i still love the gloss !
the nail stencil kit enables you to create patterns for all occasions . they are good size even on small size finger nails .
i didnt give it a 5 because it wasnt bright enough . it stamps clearly but is very very subtle . i wish it left a more noticeable impression .
these small travel looking sized brushes are a wonderful variety to create different eye looks . i am so impressed with these brushes .
and doesn't irritate my sensitive skin at all , while controlling oil as good as many other toners i tried , if not better . will be buying again .
only real drawback is i wish it came with a brush . used a q-tip instead and it worked well . nice size bottle .
have the conditioner as well . love these products . they smell great and make my hair feel healthy . my bottles are empty and i am re-ordering them .
so far i have only used it once , but it works very well . especially during this harsh winter when my skin becomes so dry .
this is the best soap i have ever used . it smells great and is price right . i highly recommend this soap for sensitive skin .
have ordered several timesthis soap is now an everyday essential forthe whole familybeen using it religiously for over a year nowpackage good ship good product great
like wow great colors i lvoe it .. great for my side job since i do makeup and hair . great colors and pigments .
colors of beads are good but some seem better for a younger girl ( yellow etc . ) different shapes and sizes just as described .
easily absorbs into skin . not greasy , sticky , tacky . skin is softer , clearer , smoother , more radiant .
este era para un regalo , y a la persona que e lo regale le gusta bastante esta muy feliz y contenta
i gave this to my friend who has really bad bags under her eyes and she loved it and it even took some of the darkness out to
this polish remover is great and i love that it has a self-dispensing container . it really makes it easy to use . :) also has a great smell .
i've tried all of the ones that come in the set but i use off brand scrub , then this , then simple moisturizer
this pallet is amazing , so many colors for such a low price it's insane . every color i can think of . great for makeup artist's
it doesnt dry out my skin or strip it . keeps me clean . great for all ages not just teens or pre teens
got mu product extremely fast . great for making your own lip balm and lipsticks . which is what i use it for . or goof for small storage
first i hated it then i cut the bangs a little shorter so they weren't poking my eyes and loved it very good quality and good price
these are awesome . my daughter does her nails in so many styles with these tapes . the shiny colors are so pretty and they stick well too .
works great ! i reccommend two coats and if you want color , apply after . doesn't seem to work well with gelish polish . overall 5 stars !
i absolutely love this product , it leaves my hair so soft and it smells amazing . i also use the one ' n only argan oillove this product line
i used one bottle of this with little result . not good enough to buy another bottle . peels off.try nail tek ii intensive therapy , it's amazing !
product did not work for me at all . i tried for over 20 days without success . after thus i decided to trash it .
a great set of tools here . better these than the cheap ebay ones i've purchased in the past . have kept up nicely and not deteriorated at all .
this retinol serum works very well at eliminating dry , flaky skin and keeping it clean and clear wear it day or night .
didnt get the blue bow so im kinda upset since the blue bow is the main reason i bought the sticks anyway the sticks r great and deserve 5stars
i am not a fan . this was messy and it didn't dry my polish very well . i won't be ordering this product again .
great color , a little darker than expected but very pretty ! love the durability of the gelish polishes . great price as well !
i like the feel of this product , not greasy , easy to apply . i wake up feeling refreshed , face is looking better , helps my blemishes .
you just don't get as many as pictured ... but they're still pretty cute to use . a little pricey , but nonetheless , cute ...
i don't get all the hype surrounding this primer . it really didn't do anything for me . i recommend urban decay or too faced primer instead .
this is one of the best shampoo ever . it is not harsh on the hair and for all hair types too , so inexpensive as well .
not very sure if it is working , i will give it another month , seems smooth on the skin . good to add to your favorite moisturizer
great buy for the price . very pigmented and creamy to the touch . i recommend this pallette . very compact too . love it .
doesn't last long but the initial smell is good . other fragrances smell just as nice and they last for hours !
i have used this product for years and it is good . i'm pleased with it and never irritates my skin .
love ! ! ! every time i contour with this i get compliments . the product is not to heavy and does not give a powder look .
happy with this product look forward to trying other products from the line . will use this product again and tell others
this soap is well---soap . nothing special . foams well , cleans your hands and does not leave a lingering girly smell so my husband uses it without complaint .
good quality product . they are strong and easy to use . they have really nice pink rubberish grips on handles that grip well .
i love olay . i use several of their products and this is just one more good one . i highly recommend it for all .
my lashes seem longer but not fuller . i am satisfied with the product . i want the lashes to be thicker .
being natural , i am looking for product to make my hair easy to comb . i think this is one of them
it's quick use , i like all of these because i hate using the creams , this works for me after swimming
i bought this for my friend and she really liked this item . i would buy again . thank you once again
nothing super great about this collection . these minis are just ok . they are neon as expected . great for little girls ' get togethers .
with the ibd system , these are a must have . i tried using papertowel , etc . but these work much , much better .
this is a pretty color . however , it goes on gloopy and chips easily . does look nice on tan skin and with neautral colored shoes .
i am so happy with this purchase i was looking for something similar here in town , and i could not find it !
these were full false nails-not half . very dissapointed in this product because it looks nothing like the above photo i will never purchase this product again .
i do not know , smells nicely . i am still waiting for the results . after one month all the wrinkles in its place ,
i had to send these back because i didn't use them enough to make it work my while but love their products .
my nails can get really shiny with this buffer , so i consider this an excellent purchase ! no more nail polish for this gal .
this is so far one of the best skin ever you can see the difference very soon you will look and feel younger i highly recommended thank you
i really like the ease with which these nail buffers are handled . they work well enough , but they don't seem to last very long .
( i bought both ) and really love the avoplex oil much better . this is a decent product , but the oil way outdid it .
i love this product line . my skin has never looked better . also this is a great price for it which makes it affordable too .
this is a wonderful price and quality for avocado oil . this is a must purchase from this company and i will buy again .
got it as a gift for my boyfriend . i have always been a fan of the women's version anyway . he loved it ! ! !
i really like this . it looks great in my hair and actually stays in place . i have fine hair and most hair clips don't hold.sincerely mrs . rick
addictive scent . it fits right in your makeup kit and it makes you feel sexy wearing it . i love it !
nice i did diferent design with this and you can use for diferent thing in your home or salon . the color are diferent .
a great very well made and very great texture and it has a great color to the hair affordable wig ,
beautiful formula , almost a one-coater . wonderful shade for the summer . definitely one of my favorite colors . kind of a sky blue color , super opaque .
love their products ! this company is in rochester , mn home of the mayo clinic.this is a very good product you can feel good about using .
excellent product ! great price ! i have been using this instead of conditioners that you rinse out and i love it ! my hairdresser recommended it to me !
this is the only soap i use . feel clean and fresh after using it . plus you can't beat the price .
this toner is intense . my skin was raw . i had to use it every other day until my face got used to it .
it smells nice and lathers well but i don't really see much volume .. not a fan of this particular line ..
works so great that when my daughter visited ... she hijacked it ! i'll be buying a new one to replace it :-)
i use tea tree oil for bug sting / bits , sores , itchy skin , wounds for healing , disinfection and sanitizing .
it looks like it dryed the nail as described , now i must wait to see if the gel doesn't peel when i remove the nail polish .
this brush helps with the application of glycolic acid peels . it is a must have . highly recommend product .
i bought several of these for stocking stuffers and it was exactly what i expected . everyone was happy . thank you .
nice product . decreases frizz , increases shine and manageability . will definately re-order . nice size and price . good service . my daughter uses this also .
this product is misleading . it says alcohol free yet alcohol is listed in the ingredients . i put it in the rubbish .
this is great for exfoliating your face . it is not too ruff or abrasive but just right to remove dead and dry skin from your face .
scent is lovely but it last until you blow dry it or when your hair air dries . not worth the price i purchased it for the scent .
you cant even smell the lavender.very thin and it does not even suds up.don ' t waste your money.buy bath and body instead
you can't go wrong with a great big bag o ' cotton balls . they are best used for manicures and pedicures .
i've been using it for a little over a month and i already have a couple of inches of hair growth around my hairline .
i think the product does the nourishing and treatment job , but overusing may reverse the process . all in all , it's nice .
this looks good right when you put it on , but almost immediately starts flaking off . the formula is terrible for anything other than a few quick pictures .
i gotten this wig and just love the length and color ... cant wait to see the wine red i just bought !
if you want a women's fragrance is better to opt for one of carolina herrera ( just personal opinion ) , this fragrance compared with men's version is worse .
it is like watercolor and although it does seem to be smooch proof , it stings a bit . the color is lovely
ecotools seems to make awesome brushes .. they are soft and last a long time even after you wash them . highly recommended .
this is a great social phero . makes you the center of attention but keeps others from having jealous feelings although you're the one in the spotlight .
i gave this fragrance away . i didnt like the smell and would not ever purchase again . the price was cheap so i purchased , never again .
i picked my rating because i got my moneys worth and they are so cute and if i was you i would totally buy this item .
foamy , moisturizing , no overwhelming scent . we purchase this through amazon's subscribe & save program to get 15 percent off . we recommend this product .
these are just like the cane designs , but are bows . they are thin and easy to manage but there isn't much to use ! :(
this is by far the best lash comb / separator i have ever used . i have a few of them being i lose them easily lol
good product helps my skin to feel and look better even helps when i have a break out to clear it up faster thanks
its a great product , its smell very good . i , d like to say it is really great , and i like it very much .
absolutely beautiful scent but i find myself reapplying it every hour or so . it dissipates sadly enough . a light scent that smells " clean " .
i got this for my hubby because it was on sale . it smells amazing ! i guess axe knows their stuff and how to make men smell great !
i have used it just a couple of times , twice to be exactly and it makes your hair really soft and silky . it is amazing . enjoy .
does what it says i suffer from bad insomnia for years this relaxes me to calm my mind and rest .
what i wanted just getting ready to learn how to use these but they are exactually what i needed . loved them
love this color ... keep one at salon and one at home in case of touch-ups , shippingwas fast also . i will be back .
tree hut body scrub is a great product ! this body scrub works great for my skin.it leaves you feeling fresh and sooooo soft ! i love it !
this is an awesome conditioner it's almost like a deep conditioner . it really has helped my hair out a lot . truly recommend it .
this foundation feels soooo light weight ! it is not cakey in any way ! it also blends so well ! amazing , i love it
lots of varieties in this little wheel . its perfect for nail art ! i use them all the time , its perfect
they are great ! i'm starting out on my own . i just needed some 15pcs nail art design pen painting brush.they were delivered on time
product works well but is a little sticky and you really have to rub it in . a little goes a long way .
i didnt know this was a tingle lotion when i bought it lmfao but i loved it , it gets you super tan
i love them , they work just great . they do look a little different then in the picture but they do the job .
you will not find a better top coat than seche vite ! ! ! belive me i have tried many ... & have found nothing as good as this !
great brushes . sturdy . thanks i love them . tips work wonderfully and sticks arent cheap so i love it all alot
not a bad product however it does weigh down the hair a bit , i have longer hair and i believe with shorter hair this product is more compatible
i was having trouble finding this color anywhere . i will be ordering from them in the future . they are very good .
the color is nice but the polish chips way to fast ( within a couple hours of application . ) i wouldn't recommend this particular color .
these tools are solid and the case is lovely ! everything is sharp and has nice grips . this set is a pleasure to use .
this color was to lite for me .. it's so hard to find my color ... but other than that it's a good concealer .
surprisingly good three piece nail manicure set i was impressed with the quality and the price was unbelievable . ill be using you again
i used this for my nails . i like it but the only thing is that the gold turns silver within days
works great with the konad brand stamper & scraper . make sure you use special polish or else you will have limited success with the plate
perfect . exactly as expected . color is neutral but interesting , texture is smooth , not goopy and brush is just right . recommended .
my husband really loves this for his dark circles it works fantastic . i will be buying more soon because he is almost out , so worth thie price .
this is a great way to help your nails grow if they are pealing or just not growing , worth the money .
in love with this . it's perfect and makes the cat eye look so much easier ! even to someone who has a very unsteady hand !
i love these ! they're really cute . they are all very bright . i can't wait until get to try all of them !
i bought this for a client and truly i would never use it for myself . this is such a poor product .
these really adhere to the nail but come off easily once the polish dries if you try to remove before polish dries it can smear .
i've used this for a few years . whenever i have stopped , i noticed fine lines below my eyes , so it must be helping . :)
great fun contained in some tiny little beads . the included hand-tools are nice but the tweezers are just a bit too flexible .
i used this product for several months as directed . it showed no improvement in my skin . it was a waste of my time and my money .
i bought this for my wife and she hasn't complained , she wanted to have all the pearl collection from remington , she loves it !
i like it & i wish i had more of them & i picked this one i love the images on it .
this sugar body scrub is a wonderful exfoliate and the smell is absolute heaven ! does not irritate and just leaves my skin glowing .  .
it seems to be cumbersome to do this every day . i didn't do it long enough to see any results .
the only thing it lightened was my wallet .. i wanted it to work , but like so many other products , it did not .
so glad this is back on the market . makes my hair look beautiful . no yellow hilites.get a lot of compliments when using this product
love this cream . it makes me look younger . love love love love love it.best cream ever . lasts for 6 months
olay always delivers and this product is a favorite of mine . it is fragrance free and perfect for sensitive skin .
i love the color , perfect winter shade ! great price and great product . i'll be back for more polish for sure .
i like a few of the designs on there , but the price for this product was a bit too high .
i don't see that this is working . i have used morning and night and there is barely any change to my freckles / age spots .
so this is not only blue shatter , but it's sparkly blue shatter . it looks amazing with black underneath . this is probably my favorite look for toenails .
i love cupping it's so beneficial to circulation ! easy to use just youtube it if you don't already know how .
i wish i had gotten a 1 1/2 " iron because i do love this iron , but i like larger barrels .
this is another great product from konad have many stampers glad to add this to my nail stamping collection .
wanted a curling iron with all the features offered by this one . am very pleased with it and would buy another .
easy to grip and gets hot fast .. and the heat is great have to be carefull not to burn your hair , lol . would recommend for sure ...
it wase agift to my freind she loved it soooo muuuch diffrent shapes of eye lashes i recomand it .
i really believe that this product works and have bought here multiple times now . good price for a great product that i believe in !
love this perfume , and was able to find it a lot cheaper than i did at a local store . well worth it ! !
this brush is thick and would be great to blend eye shadow , not for defining your brows when using concealer .
very beautiful and sparkly but be sure to apply topcoat or this will wear off quick ! shimmers like a dream
i have extra long fine hair . this product is a god send for removing tangles and protecting my hair during styling
i get these all the time since i like to see the results , you can literally see little bumps afterward where your pores have been cleaned out ..
it's not greasy very good product , after a while - i see results ( not no wrinkles , but they are getting much smaller in depth )
this is a great product ! my skin felt great after using this ! it did exactly what it said it would do !
the product is great . i find the color is to light for my eyebrows .. if you have black eyebrows , this might not be for you .
this thing is amazing . it fit all of my liquids for a three night trip and went through airport check-ins with no problem .
this item was perfect . although it dries the skin fast , it glows your skin.you just have to use it followed by moisturizer immediately
this product worked great . this shampoo works great for curly hair and cleans it . it is a must have for curly hair .
it really doesnt hold curls , but its ok if u put rollers in your hair after using it and go to bed
this brush is great for applying my foundation ! love it & the bristles never fall out , easy to clean
it actually makes my dark undereye circles look worse--the dark shows through and you can see there's a layer of stuff on that .
the colors in this palette are beautiful and i this that the case definitely looks professional and high quality , it's awesome
it's amazing it leaves me skin so soft and nourished . a little go's a long way will be ordering some more very soon .
i can't use this on my eyelids because they feel and look burned , but it seems to help the puffiness below my eyes .
this has the consistncy of yugurt and jelly . it soaks in nicely and isnt greasy at all . great moisturizer and of course smells amazing ! ! :)
smells crisp and clean . this is my favorite perfume and my signature sent . smells crisp and clean . that it all .
my mom say it is very very good , she love it . and she said that turn her grey hair purple je je je
this was just okay . no big rave reviews . i got better results when i used bedhead wax or design essentials .
fantastic brushes and dotting tools . makes life easier when doing acrylic nails . the dotting pens are fun , different sizes makes great increasing and decreasing dot designs
maybe they are not premium , but still they are value for money and worth the price . i think i like them , yeah .
i would never to a peel without it.it is worth the extra money to use with the peel . i will buy it again
does the job ! cleans my beauty blenders fast and have plenty left over for multiple washes . i recommend this product !
i haven't seen this help my hair at all . just going to say i wouldn't recommend it and ill just have to find something else .
very rich color .. only took 2 coats ! love the dark vamp look ! ! ! cool yet sophisticated ! perfect for winter !
you can't go wrong with obagi products . they were first recommended by my plastic surgeon years ago ! they work why switch ! ! !
i switch between the apple sugar and the cotton candy . both scents mix well with my own chemistry . neither are overpowering . a joy to wear !
this smudges on hot days at the beach if i dunk my head underwater . so its not like insane great but it does the job on most days :)
colors are beautiful so pigmented . looks amazing last long just great it's amazing hands down the best eyeshadow around for it's price ordering another one soon
great highlighter ... light gold shimmer for any complexion ! ! easy to carry around and clear glass heps you see the product
great product , comparable to the mac eye primer . i actually prefer nyx over the mac . wish it was more available .
this is handmade soap . i like it . but alot of people feel this soap get your washcloth dirty . but it get your skin soft .
this is bad stuff and of poor quality . cheap is cheap and useless . does not bead well . waste of money
i did not like this conditioner because it leaves residue and my dark brown / long hair always looks greasy . smelled good though .
this is the best eyelash glue ever . surprisingly , it stayed on for 2 days if i dont use oil to wash my face . great product ! !
these work really well , do the job and store small for when not in use . i would repurchase these in a heart beat .
this is a creamy product but very effective as a soap . has a mild fragrance not too pushy . rinses easily . no chemical feature detected .
you can do two of you're nails on just crystal and it look hot on you're nail get it and see for you're self ... i did !
great stuff ! great price ! the package arrived on time and i use this shampoo on a regular basis . i'll keep ordering !
i love it and it was cheap ! ! ! i bought it to see how it does and it does great ! great price and great product !
these are good for a pony tail . they came promptly . i like them a lot as they do not tear or break my hair .
this goes on heavy but absorbs quickly and is not sticky . it is very moisturizing and also has antioxidants in it . will definitely purchase this again .
i like to use dry shampoo because i do not wash my hair everyday because i dye it . this product comes in handy
maybe it's something wrong with mine but it wont even stand up it keeps falling down so i cant even use it i havent used it at all .
i was most pleased when i got this in the mail . the colors are vibrant and bold and that's perfect !
this stuff smells so good and leaves my skin silky . huge bottle ! ! alot of bang for your buck here ! australian gold rocks ! !
love it . ! ! ! i apply it for an everyday look :d its quick and easy to apply , especially when your on a rush
good shampoo and conditioner.bought it for my daughter and she lover it.said she will continue to use it fast delivery .
daughter in law just loves it but still not hot enuff for her coarse hair but isn't leaving hair all frizzy either . wonderful for black womens hair .
love this . it smooths my face and clears up any gunk that might be clogged on my face . great buy !
this is well worth the reasonable price ... well made ... holding up really well ... definitely recommend this for purchase ... would buy again
this product is excellent i love the fact that there is sunblock already in it . really helps diminish the fine wrinkles . great price .
my hair is black and i am always looking for that extra shine . this product was just okay . it did not wow me .
the blushes look intense in the palette but apply very sheer . the blush palette i received is not the palette in the picture .
i love this product . i am a professional hair stylist and use this every day on my own hair .
the price and effectiveness of this product is great . it's in a small container but i am sure it will last long . thanks nyx !
still the only top coat that i use . it's super shiny , dries whatever polish it's put on top of , and stays shiny for days .
i'm not sure if i benefited from using the product or not . and , i will leave it at that ! ! ! thank youlucy ab
a brush for everything , high quality for the price . i use these brushes every day ! blends powders really well and dosnt seem to shed .
i am black with 3c type hair.this leave in is not for me , leaves a stinky / dry feeling in my hairit also has alcohol as a main ingredient
i just couldn't get over the price of these nail buffers . they work great and last forever . will definitely be repurchasing .
exactly what i expected , not patchy , great at two coats best at three , dried down really fast . will consider buying more colors !
i love this brush ! ! ! good quality for a low price ! ! easy to use , and makes my makeup go on smoohly
this stuff feels amazing on my skin and it's so simple with no odor or greasy feeling after you put it on
i like the fact that it came in different color but the tape was smaller than expected . i can't wait wait to use them :)
this is a great product and i like it . i would definitely buy it again . thank you so much :)
are great quality , look like in the picture work okis very usseful for nails desings come on time and in greatshape
the high gloss finish is very nice . i has nly been a few days so hopefully it will not chip !
terrible it dry up right away i wont buy this sally hansen again either all there nail power chip right away
i love the way this cologne smell.its a gift for christmas so i hope my son love his gift . and i love the size of the bottle
i bought this based off reviews and let me just say this , the smell is alright . nothing spectacular ...
i got this for my daughter's stocking and she loves it . that is a win in my book . i would repurchase this and recommend it to others .
but thats not the fasult of the product i just assumed i would get the size i ordered not a large .
this is great to define the brow bone and to apply on the lid as a base for neon eye shadow or to just get brighter colors brighter .
it does hydrate the skin but didn't correct my dark circle . after 2 months of use i gave up .
this palette is awsome i love it and i will be buying another one . my daughter is trying to claim it . lol . :-) :-) :-)
i ended up stocking up on this color since i love the color and the texture - it really is becoming on me so am very pleased .
my giftee seemed to love it . . but as for the utilization ability , i cannot fairly give you my evaluation.renee evers
the smell is so sexy and soft ! my husband is drawn to it ! this an amazing product ! you will love this product !
great solid light colors . i love the brush , it holds a lot without dripping and nice and thick . only problem , the orange one was used .
the suction power is poor ! i think it horrible to require a certain amount of words from us to describe whether we like a product or not .
the color is much greener than it looks ... i would prefer more blue and less shine but its ok for summer ... otherwise quick shipping , no problems !
really smooths out the ridges in nails . great base coat i wont put polish on without it . dries really quick so its a no brainer .
exactly what you'd think from the picture . inexpensive , sturdy . the colour is a bit drab , but hey . it's a no-frills comb .
this glue works really well ! ! ! so well that i have glued my finger to something several times lol it also came very quickly !
this eyebrow kit is perfect . the stencils are gorgeous and the brow powder is semi permanent which is always a plus . definitely recommend this eyebrow kit .
the work just how they are suppose to work . it always annoying to use this stickers stuff but in the end the results are perfect :)
it is a pretty color not metalic like it seems in pics its spreads well could be done in 1 coat but 2 coats makes it evenstamps ok
im not sure how this compared to the rnp , its a pretty pearly white though . i think it would look good for wedding nails .
wow what a great color . lots of large and small specks of glitter in a clear base therefore it goes over any color you wish . excellent product .
are you kidding , they are far from premium quality , they are like flakes they are so dam small , it's a joke
i like these because they really do hold your curlers in well . glad i purchased them and the price was great .
it met my needs perfectly ! i'm not an expert , but i do know the importance of having the right tools in order to get the right look .
i have been using this product for many years now , i feel very comfortable using it and i recommend this product .
i have always used loose powder so i thoughti would like loose blush . i was wrong . i will keep looking to find one i like .
like the alpha hydrox products . bought this to try it out . will see , too soon to say . hopefully it will be good i will see .
i didnt see any difference when using this product =( i could get netter results from a drug store brand . i would not recommend this product
i highly recommend this product . great for soaking off gel / acrylic nails . this has saved me so much time and money . no wasting remover .
i mean , it's hard to go wrong with white right ? i love this product line , i use this polish for french tips
it is good for my sensitive skin . i can use under the makeup or alone . i iike it but a little expensive .
i need a small concealer to hide some blemishes and didn't want to use a face cover . this works perfectly .
was my favorite product and would use it everyday . i loved how it made my color stand out so need to buy this agian
i like it though it is very small . a little is very effective . goes on smooth with my ecotools concealer brush . trustworthy seller .
this are really nice eyelashes look really nice when you have in the are easy to put and easy to take the glu and reuse
i look forward to using it in my new makeup trunk and was a good price for what it said it was .
perfect barbie doll pink great for the spring and summer . a barbie girl like me will wear this all year long .
if you know anything about facial care , a deep exfoliating cleanser is vital to success . this product delivers without robbing the bank .
this cologne smells so good ! very clean smell that everyone has notice and love the way it smells on me too !
i use it in the shower , it smells nice and it feels great ! it is my personal super pampering tool .
i try a lot of these and this one is a favorite . it cleanses and removes makeup easily with no irritation or dryness .
i love my different colored pearls stones ! ! ! they are so beautiful ! ! cant wait to use them on my nails ! ! !
this creme didnt work for me i saw no change when i used this creme i wasted my money on this product . the company is so rude
i am sure there was a main delay and that is fine . i love the pink acrylic powder and i would order it again . thank you .
item shipped quickly and was of good quality i would buy again are good for babies ears as said they would
a really nice cleanser that cleanses without drying . good for dry , damaged hair or hair that just needs extra moisture . highly recommended .
has worked well for my home shellac manicures . the space is fine for fingers and toes . saved a lot of money doing my manicures at home !
i have not received item and have not been able to find a number to call . hope it comes in the next few days .
the colors are very drab and you need 3 or more coats to really get the full effect of the polish .
kind of ok ... ... .  ... product is ok and should work fine no surprises there . it is fun to use them .
i use them every week . i'm not skilled , but they make me seem like i am . and i always get complimented on them
i bought about 5 babyliss products at one time and am so happy with each and every one . i can't believe i had never seen them before .
good product , and i like this smell better than others . it can be used daily , and it doesn't make any damage to my skin ,
yes , this one has to be my favorite . two coats ! definitely stands out , i get lots of comments on my blue fingernails .
fntastic flawless finish even before you use the highlighter ... smooth creamy but not greasy and it stays put . i love it !
this foundation has good coverage and is not too heavy , looks natural and does not cake or change color throughout the day .
i love these , they work well for the many designs i want . but like most things i buy on amazon , they were very cheap .
i use this product all the time dries quickly and makes a glossy finish . highly recommend for your final step of polished nails ...
the scent of this product is reason enough to buy it . but it really does work on dry , frizzy hair .
this smells so lovely . found this at whole foods , but less expensive on here . all natural , no harmful stuff on your liver !
love these . simple , great price . pretty basic wig stand . add a little glitter to the eyelids and it makes for a fun little display !
this was a fantastic addition to my wardrobe of opi nail polishes . it is exactly as described and looks like the picture .
maybelline has some great eye makeup , and i love this one ! it goes on nicely , lasts , and looks great ! great price on amazon too !
very good quality for a very good price you will not regret purchasing . i even bought three more for my friends as gifts
i loveeeeee ! ! this headband ! ! gorgeous ! ! it goes with everything i wear and the product is not cheap at all . real nice and solid
it does what it needs to do . easy to handle and good for the nail artists out there . i just did a few unique designs !
these eyeshadows are so pigmented , and did i mention gorgeous ? the color payoff is amazing , and definitely worth the price .
nice for dotting flowers onto the nail or painting decals with them . i also use them to place little pieces of glitter on my wet nails ! ! !
this is my favorite nail polish collection ever and this color shows that perfectly ! it's a super unique teal with a wonderful formula !
works fine for short term wear . i suck at putting lashes on so when i do get them on the glue works fine
very sturdy , clean , no flaws . i haven't tried them yet , but just looking at them , i can tell they will most likely work .
i love love this product and will only use it , i am on well water and you would never know it
this is a very good product and really works to eliminate discomfort . the subscribe and save discount makes the price excellent .
i love these products . i can not wait to order again . i love it . if you are looking for the best you found it .
i purchased this as the comparable brand was more than two times the price . the color was easy to apply and didn't smudge
the coverage wasn't fantastic , but as long as what you are trying to cover isn't incredibly dark , you should be good to go .
great for practice . theyre great for the price as well as quality . awsome for any one whos starting to do nails
i absolutely love these crystals they work wonders in wraps for scrubs or in the bath and they have such a lovely color to them !
great small sponge , gets the job done ! a great product from real techniques .
they don't shed . they hold their shape . easy to grip . good choice of sizes . i recommend these highly . would buy again .
getting good results with this brush which is a bit tricky to use since the hair blower needs to stop after every strand of hair is straightned .
all of the ones sent to me where pink . they tear easily . expect to dispose of them after just a few uses .
this product is just .. not that bad .. i just think it is not that moist .. but i like it is not greasy
so beautiful on the hair , strong , but the metal kind of too sharp so need to be careful when to stick on the hair .
this is a fine silky powder with no color so it doesn't alter your other makeup colors .
purchased this for my daughter and i ended up with it . the color is amazing . i use it alone or with glitter and it looks great .
wonderfully crafted and detailed . this item looks much better in person then depicted with the photographs provided on the sales information page .
olay soothing cucumber smells good , goes on nice and smoothly and rinses away leaving your sking feeling smooth and clean .
i've owned some pretty expensive straighteners , and this one surpases all of them . heats up fast , works great . amazing for the price .
way too orange for me and it has too much shimmer . but after i blend it for awhile it looks nice
i got this this little guy for my granddaughter who just turned 14 . she loves it and it really works .
i am a perfume fanatic and this is a perfume you must buy ! the dealer is authentic and i love the way this perfume smells !
love this color . and look very good . on my hand and my feet . i'll buy some more if this one gone
this is a pretty clip and looks fantastic in my hair though you should be warned , it is quite small .
this cleanser is gentle , has a nice fragrance and leaves skin feeling soft and smooth . i order this one faithfully
i love the colors so bright and fun but there rather small cases but fun for personal use , overall worth it
this primer really leave nail bed free of debri and allows nail monomer / polymer mixture to stick well onto nail plate . will purchase again :-)
this is the best gel ever for me . the hold is great and it leaves no flakes and washes away clean .
when i received the color was a little lighter than i expected , but does go on nicely ! i have not used much
i like this product because it smells fresh and it helps with my complexion . i will buy it again and recommend it to others .
it's my favorite now - hair and scalp feels clean , softly conditioned and hair is not weighed down ... easy to manage
this tool is wonderful ! i like the opposite end from the pusher for removing & touching up when applying polish !
a nice addition to my new collection of nail art supplies . is good quality and if you clean them as you go they are great .
not a bad product , it smooths the skin but i cant tell a difference yet , maybe after the full bottle is used .
wow - this stuff is really nice , and for the price , you can't beat it ! has great granules and the smell is heavenly .
motions straight finish cleanser in this 8 ounce size is a great value at this price and a product that does exactly what you want it to .
great brush for those hard to reach back areas works great would recommend to anyone
i loved this product when i first started it as a sample it does the job spots go away quick
some images are etched too shallow and do not give a clear stamp , but otherwise a good product , most images work great .
i love cc halo hues as a great base amd they stamp well with nail art . anytime cc comes out with more i will purchase
left my hair more greasy . wont use again . smells old too which is unfortunate , i wont be using this product again .
love this cream , very moisturizing . free of " off limits " chemicals . however , it has a very strong coffee smell that i find very annoying .
you don't need to spend a fortune to what you need from a face scrubber . this is all you need .
great product . i use it to add designs to my nail . the different colors help so that i can add different rhinestones when i apply different nail polishes
i am trying to get healthy so i discovered that body brushing is a good thing and i love this brush for that purpose .
this is a good eye brightener , goes on smooth , i like it , price is ok . i probably will not purchase again though .
i love these little studds for the nails i have not tried them yet but it came with plenty can use manny times .
i love to use this tool . it is very ease to use . it is a nice size and i like that i got a set of two .
this is a super soft makeup brush ! easy to use , and a great addition to my makeup kit . for the price , you can't go wrong !
waste of money . murad works so much better . i believe this is mainly water in the bottle . will not purchase again .
i have been using this honey cream for approximately one week . i noticed my face , neck & chest looks firmer.it is not as sticky as it looks .
i love it and can't wait to use them on my daughter . great buy and i will be purchasing again for sure .
love the liner . it has both liquid and pencil so it makes it very convenient to use and store . love this
this is a good sized bar and basis soap lasts quite a long time without getting mushy . box arrive a little squashed but soap was fine .
i love this hair dryer . the comb attachments stay in place and the heat has two settings and a cooling button .
it sort of clumps on the nails . but i like the fact that it has a thin like brush to paint the designs onto your nails .
not much to say but i like how it smells on her and she really likes it too , said its her favorite parfume now .
they are so realistic ! ! ! and im happy i got it , i tottaly recoment these i am not dissapointed at all !
dont like it not good color for me good price very small it ok but not for me very small case
its ok if you cant afford a cla - ! sonic . but it just spins . save your money get the mid-range nutrasonic , its much better
not enough good , can be said they do their intended purpose , easy to use . easy to store and clean up .
i love this tart mascara . i have tried many other organic ones in this one is by far the best in every aspect .
i gave this polish four stars because i haven't put it on yet . hopefully it will look just as good on as it does in the bottle .
these brushes work on my curly , thick hair . it's magic for my granddaughter , who no longer avoids her showers and enjoys washing her hair now .
really love the way this product absorbs into my skin without a greasy feel with a light . delicate fragrance that is very soothing !
have used this product for about 30 years.does very well . fast and easy . i havewhite eyebrows so it's a must . thankheaven it's here ! !
i received this in a runny clotted condition . i am using it up anyway due to its small size but i am annoyed it's not right .
very moisturizing . i live in the desert and never thought i would find an effective daily moiturizer . well people , this works .
great product . i love that it helps me to comb through my hair ( which i usually can't ) . i just wish it was cheaper .
love love love these colors … .. they r not as big as i would have liked but will order them again when needed … ..
i've been using this product for years and it's truly the best ! try it ... you won't be sorry ! all earth science products are high quality .
i love my false lashes but i hated doing them with tweezers . this product is great and very help ful
it smells really nicely but it doesn't give the hair body or take much of the " grease " away . i recommend kenra
it moisturizes well , but my skin broke out when i began using this product . first time i have had acne in 30 years .
these are priced not out of the ballpark and i use alot of lavender ! so will be using this one again
use small amount on towel dried hair then blow & comb . thickens straightens limp hair to look younger fuller healthier !
really well put together . cheap but took a while to get to the house . nice fit for your hands . easy to clean .
highly recommend this to anyone with sensitive eyes and always stay up late ! this is so far the best eye product for me !
i am in no make up artist and i love this i take it everywhere i go traveling and everyone loves it when they see it
i have sensitive skin so i don't need a body wash with alot of fragrance . this is great . it leaves my skin feeling soft and clean .
recommended by my doctor and this price is the best i've seen anywhere . anytime i'm going to order something , i add this on .
we use this brush while in the shower with conditioner in our hair . combs it through without breaking hairs . works great !
i am very happy with this purchase . i particularly love the cuticle nipper , works great . the small size fits perfectly in a purse
this is my boyfriend san valentine gift and the package was perfect the perfume is really good , the size is very good for the price .
but it is great on dry feet . i would not buy again for my hair but i would but again as a foot cream .
i have not used this product , but it does have a nice refreshing feeling and smell . it is a good pick-me-up for your face .
good quality , low price , looks a bit darker than image but totally worth the money and has great build quality .
seem sturdy and has different sizes on the tips which helps with making designs on nails.easy to handle.good price .
it has now been three weeks of use today . very hydrating and is what they have advertised for this product . i am very satisfied .
very good quality brushes . the brushes are very soft like other shany brushes . i like the new look of the case .
this is the best hair dryer i ever had ! i recommend this to everybody ! & it was a good price too !
good color but hard to take over , very nice shade lasts very very long.so i recomend this one not bad
this is the perfect size for dipping your brush in to clean up french manicures . i would recommend it if you're doing a lot of them .
i was glad to find this on amazon . i really like the way it leaves my hair soft . helps soothe scalp after coloring .
i only buy and use harmony gelish products . this color blue is my favorite of all and my nail clients too !
this product is 1 % ketaconazole . i had a really hard time finding that information , so i'm gonna ' throw it out there .
i like the price the smell , the thickness , and how well this stuff cleans my old gray hair and beard .
goes on easy , it's light , and neutrogena is one of my favorite brands of sunscreen , but it's way too flaky once its dried .
for the price , this is one of the best purchases i've made . on top of the brushes being environmentally friendly they work wonderfully !
it works great but it is a lighter pink then what's pictured but it stayed on for at least two weeks and didn't chip
i gave it 3 stars for effort . there was not even 100 pieces in the container . only order if you only care about getting a few pieces .
i have allergies real bad and this eyeliner did not seem to make my eye run or irate my eyes .
i had been looking for a pale lemon yellow nail polish and this fits the bill . glad to have gotten it .
a great nice deep and brighter red if you're in need of a good red .
smells nice . gets rid of that over powdered look , but doesn't " fix " the make up for more than 10 minutes in ideal tempatures .
i have thick hair . i tried this .. and i couldn't even put my fingers through it to put in my hair . i don't recommend it .
love this barely whitecolor . very light pink . love cnd shellac products . lasts 2 weeks . allows my natural nail to growl too !
you will love this ... and it comes at a great price . boots really is a great product so everyone should try it .
i decided that i could do my nails at home and this product certainly helps ! it works just like in the salon .
i found this lipstick , sticky and a pain to get out of tube due to it's long tube . great color though .
doesn't run or fade or chip , so it gets 5 stars from me ! :d altho its a pain to wash off .
it seems to be drying out my hair but i do see some new growth , which is nice . just wish my hair did not look dried out .
i was extremely happy to find eyelash adhesive in the dark color . ardell is a great brand with products that deliver .
it smells like , well , mud but don't let that deter you ! i feel like this gets my pores really clean !
i bought this for a friend and it smells delicious . it arrived super fast and i would recommend this product . thank you
so easy to use and transfers great ! nice nail design size . great tool to have at your home nail salon .
but , not to this . i am always looking for safe , healthy non allergic skin products and this one fits the bill . silky smooth .
i like this product but i find that it gets in my way when i'm curling my hair . so , i don't use it .
this cream is awful and i do not like its consistency or the way it smells . i will never purchase it again .
i was pleasantly surprised when i got them . they are very pretty . thank you very much . i have used them and they very easy to apply .
love it ! does its job , dries up quick ! easy to apply . excellent price . lasts long and adds up shine to your nails .
not really much to say , other than this product does exactly as its intended . cleaned a lot more than what i thought was present .
this is a great travel pack for the man in your life that likes axe . my husband liked and used most of the products .
this color is beautiful ! i would like to say it's one of the best glitter polishes i have ever owned !
buy it very small bottles it ok to have around to polish 3 times out of bottles ok for teens as gift for xmas for your teens and little girls
every girl who likes polished brows needs this product . this is a must have . i also love that it is water proof . it doesn't budge .
this bodywash has a nice lime-ish scent which is neither girly nor masculine , so it's good for everybody . thick rich lather , too .
great pallet , this is a fun and useful product . the foundations are a great product and the price is right .
excelent price for this product , smell so goodis soft smell , come on time and have good size
this spray is a little lighter hold than i had remembered . . . great for fine or colored hair . easy to work with and doesn't get tacky .
these are exactly what i was looking for , for my nail art ! thrilled with all of the colors and i love how they are organized .
not sure if its working but i am using it every day . my face has not gotten worse or better . i can say i don't know .
i just wish the bottle was a bit bigger so it lasts longer as i use it all through the day
wanted to firm up some spots and this did it with out a problem . use at night after face was washed .
i never used this , my mom didn't either , eventually went to my dad who has the same scalp issues as me . it calmed down his scalp
i use this to refill my williams sonoma grapefruit-scented soap container . the supply will probably last about 12-18 months , with 2 people washing hands pretty often .
just as they described them . plates work just like konad plates . its nice to have more designs . nice that its in a bundle too .
i really like the konad brand . the rubber stamp is really nice and cleans up well . it was fast to ship and packaged well .
this moisturizer with sunscreen is comfortable and useful . it has a light light fragrance , and goes on easily . the moisturizer feels nice .
they are ok . i think they are a lil bit to small for 3d nail art . maybe i should of went something bigger than 2mm .
the color is great for the fall / winter season . product was exactly as advertised and arrived in the timeframe promised . very happy with this nail polish
about half taste like total crap , but hey , what do you want for that price . the colors are good . buy it .
difficult to use . and , the remains of the hair color stay inside the comb , so lots of my color was lost . do not recommend .
the too faced cosmetics brand is phenomenal and i love their packaging , makeup tips , and color options . love the matte eyeshadow
i got my little sister this perfume and she could not be more excited ! it has an amazing smell and package
thin . easy to use . lasts long . fantastic . i love it . i would buy it againi think its a great product
bought the mask , shampoo and oil , product is amazing and smells so good . all girls should buy it , no doubt
the dual forms work quite well and are very easy to use . although the advertisment states 100pcs , i received 120pcs .
i bought these for a project and the two that were usable were fine :) given what i paid i can't really complain tho ?
i was impressed with what was in this , but my eyes are so sensitive that i used it on my neck instead .
love the complete lift serum . it seems to tighten facial skin . does what it claims . use it twice a day
this one still leaves my hair non brush able . ' intense hydrating mask ' is much better and cheaper .
i use these clips all the time when section my hair for detangling or styling . good quality .
i posted a review already on this vender and product . it is a great product and the vender i will use in the future
i have never used spray on lotion before , i might just be hooked ! ! ! sprays on so light and it's so easy to use ! ! !
opi is a quality brand . this helps my nail polish dry quickly and keep from smudging . it also keeps the chipping down .
came almost with the same exact colors . i don't use all of them but the ones that i do , i like .
i've been using it for couple of months and honestly i do not see any difference . would not recommend / buy this again .
love this stuff ! it lasts forever and does a great job cleaning dishes and wiping up counters . would buy again !
i love it for exfoliating but its a little rough on my boyfriends insanely sensitive skin and i bought it for him
ohhhhh this scent . it smells so good on my skin , sweet and hot . ordered from perfumania , excellent price and it arrived in perfect condition .
from the beggining i thought it was going to be bad quality since yhe box is cheap .. but no its hard nail tips
i have problem skin but his does help with cleansing and keeping more marks from appearing . will buy again though
aussie sprunch hair mousse + leave-in conditioner 6.8 oz ( pack of 3 ) give your hair that little extra oomp it needs
getting this products will help my daughter with her nail art . love them ! i feel everybody should try this awesome .
great soap ! i love this ! i would recommend this um product and all zum products to anyone . wonderful stuff . thanks
excellent product ; awesome gray coverage ; beautiful color . i receive a lot of compliments about my hair color ; love the conditioner , too .
love it my money was well spent a great smell and people love it they say wow whats that smell i just smile cant tell lol
got this for my daughter who loves it . she uses it to add bouncy curls to her hair and it seems very sturdy and well made .
i use it every day and do not have any problems . i would recommend this product for anyone at any age
this turned my grandgirl's acne problem into beautiful , clear , bright skin . this really does work as they say it does .
25 plates with so many different designs it's very hard to decide which one to use :) they all came in perfect shape
i had to remove this eye shadow base in order to put on my shadow ! it matted and caked as i was applying it . threw it out ...
this color is just ok if you are looking for a neutral polish color . i would recommend it if you like light colors .
small it looked much biger then it was when i got it , but it is ok for what i want it
these trays are nice to remove gel polish . they are acetone proof and make it very easy to soak off the gel polish .
i use these everyday to remove my makeup . it even removes waterproof mascara . leaves my face clean and not dry .
great for swatching polishes . the clear plastic is better at getting a more accurate color read of the polish as well .
love all the plates i have bought like this one . they stamp great . well worth the money . i would just get it and see for yourself .
i love this fragrance . first time i used it i wasn't sure but it has really grown on me and my wife loves it too :)
it doesn't work very well on long hair ! it would probably work a lot better on shorter hair ! it really just made mine a tangled mess !
for my naturally curly hair , this is a great product . use one squirt !
this product is gold . it closes up the pores and pull out the impurities . your skin will be nice and tight and baby soft .
that's about it really ... i didn't see a significant decrease in my acne when using this product . i needed a more aggressive scrub .
yummmm ! love the smell . this is one of may favorite . the smell is incredible . what else can be said , it's soap . it cleans !
i love this for wearing under my make up . it's very light and doesn't make my face greasy ! i highly recommend !
excellent and easy to use . the results speak for themselves . the bottle has enough product to last a long time if used sparingly .
i love this dream cream , it absorbs nicely & ive seen improvements in my skin . i would highly recommend this to any one !
i wish the container was bigger but the quality is good ... great for beginners ... the price was great ... no lifting ... works well to encapsulate designs .
havent try it yet , will wait and see . but it looks good for washing back thoroughly . better then using the brush .
i love this polish . they havent released anything im not happy with so far . this is like the macys brand of polish and its worth every penny .
i just really wanted some liquid black soap because this is so thick and sticky it's unusable really . bad purchase .
feels so great on your skin . it really makes your skin look amazing . i love this stuff ! really light and not greasy .
don't waste your time or money . while the wig fits well it does not lay nicely even after being styled .
although i did receive this product for free , that does not mean that my review is biased . got these for my mom and she loves them !
shea butter has so many benefits . i use it for many of my skin care formulas . mostly lip care . this was a wonderful value .
okay brushes the bristles are soft and strong however this is a travel set and the bases are flimsy . one has already become un - glued !
watch how much you put on or you'll end up looking like a clown ! its highly pigmented ! ! and for the price its good .
nice , sturdy , quality comb . i keep it in the shower and it has held up well . gets through my somewhat thick hair nicely .
nyx is an awesome brand , and these pencils are smooth & true to color . perfect neutral set.they last a long time as well !
i completely love the look , the band is stiff but it's still flexible . it is a great value for the money
i was about to buy it , but i searched the ingredients and this has the chemical paraben that is clearly linked to breast cancer and impotence in men .
this was one of my first carbide bits and i'm so glad i got it . it makes filing my acrylic and gel nails so much faster .
pretty high toned collection for the price , with lots of color group choices , very good for a makeup artist or the makeup artist in yourself !
these are cute but a little to big on the nails great colors will find another use for these cute bows .
great brush for liquid foudation or to apply powder ! feels like a good quality brush without being pricey ! will recommend this brush ! !
i am wearing mine right now and i look great ! i will be buying again some day.they work just fine , they are so cute !
i use this cream strictly on my face .. it is really good .. and around the eye area it works beautifully ! it does what it says moisturizers !
again nice variety , but no instructions . not all foils transfer to gel polish .
i can't say enough about her styler products . i have tried several and they are awesome and they smell terrific !
i love a clean scent on me always . this product has a great cotton candy scent , but does not linger .
these are soft and easy to cut and you get what you see on site . no ugly surprises . tuti fruitiiii :-)
i didn't know what to expect from this product but i was pleased with it and it came onetime so i ordered more
it wouldn't cut through anything . dull and worthless . it doesn't even deserve one star .. went straight to the trash can
ok not exactly as i imagined but not a bad color i think it's just not as bright as i hoped
one of my new holy grail mascaras ! it separates beautifully for those with tangled eyelashes . it lengthens , doesn't really volumize but definably defines with zero clumps .
fits my needs , does its job , always use q-tips and always will as long as the quality continues . good buy
these brushes are really nice , a lot come in it and make a great gift or gift for ur self lol . but this is great , get itt
love these tools ! comes in a total of 6 different sizes which is more than enough to create many different designs
happy i pay little money for it i hate hate it so much i would never pay it again . never
really deep waves . still trying to perfect i never done anything with my hair exept flat iron it . different trying something new but i like it !
okay ! i still prefer other more expensive brands . it clumped way too much for me .
you will not regreat buying this pallet i recommend all of the bh cosmetic pallets ! especially the blushes and eyeshadows
i was recommended to use this from a blog i read and if your looking for a yellow concealer this works wonderfully . great seller .
i got these really fast now it's on i got everything to do my own nails these will last me for a hott minute
i love this color ! it is a deep rich black / purple . i use two coats because i don't want any streaks .
they are very good because they are really soft , and when you wash them well , they looks and feels like new .
exactly what i wanted and the look is so fab . it's really cute and looks great with many outfits , so in fashion .
this is a nice color i paired it with a sparkle polish for an easter egg effect and it held up well and looked amazing ! !
not sure if it does anything to my 4a / b hair . i dont hate it , but i have found no difference either way .
not a great scrub at all.now i understand why the price dropped so significantly ... its horrible ... horrible ... horrible ... nothing more to add ...
' egyptian goddess ' is a seriously sexy fragrance . deep , musky and exotically mysterious . a little dab will probably get any one's pheromones going .
the perfect finishing touch for my woman's hair love the way it leaves her hair feeling and smelling she's happy too .
keeps bottles nice and organized . it's maller than i thought but it still fits up to 36 bottles like it claims .
idk , i cant say im too impressed and im not sure i got the " authentic " masque .. i actually use it now in my pre-poo mix .
a five star for this product for removing a deep wrinkle from around my mouth and for toning my skin .
i am happy to have these plates . they are so unique and really nice . i will enjoy these plates for a long time . good investment .
this product is defenitely worth each and every cent . it's 100 % organic hair conditioner and it's great in combination with the argan shampoo . satisfaction reached !
these do what clips need to do . i use them to hold the sections up when i blow dry or flat iron it .
i used the nutra nail 5 to 7 day growth calcium formula for a month and i felt the difference , it makes my nails stronger ans longer
i use this product on my face daily . with or without make-up my skin looks healthier . i use several roc products .
i read and read about how this mascara was so good . it was no different than maybelline . don't waste your money .
perfect . great pigmentation . love the wax , keeps my eyebrows from looking all weird and curly . not too dark . will buy again .
not what i expected will give to my niece . she will probably like it more she loves all types of makeup
smells amazing , works amazing , doesn't smudge.it ' s a dream in all honesty . i will order this again when mine runs out .
irish spring 3 in one body wash , shampoo and face wash smells great and multi tasks to take care of all your needs at once . 5/5 stars !
i have long hair and the cap flatten it really well . it's soft on the skin and great price for two
removes all the makeup and does it gently . no irritation and no greasy after effect . i would definitely recommend these towelettes .
very cute sturdy constructed very we'll keep in mind it takes up to 28 days to come from china ! happy
this works great for a blow dryer and was cheap . people think i spent tons of money on it and it looks really cool with all the attachments .
i've tried the different scents that village naturals sells and i like them all . i can totally recommend them for their quality and value .
get the black ! got both purple n black but like black better as it is darker . both glide on smooth though .
do not buy itmaybelline new york colorsensational lipstain , blushing , 0.1 fluid ouncemy lips hurts and the color do not stay
this is an okay lotion , i still enjoy their original better and my absolutely favorite from them is the " hydrosilk " lotion absolutely the best ! ! !
i love the way this product feels and it smells wonderful ! i use it on my reflexology clients feet and use it on my hands .
great mirror and works really well , good quality and looks it . attractive silver finish . thinking about ordering another one for my second bath .
very happy with purchase and container is a good size . removed polish easily and very quickly . will definitely order again .
eye shadows are very colorful , lots of choices and very nice case ... how thick , i don't know.the product is good , the fast service ... good choice
i used for couple days , there is no obvious effect , so i want to use more times and then appraise it again .
the bar of soap is healing to my body . it's moisture is great for my lichens and i will continue to use this soap . thank you !
maybe i'm just not coordinated , but i can't get it to work . could be me , could be the product . you be the judge
came early , none broken , as shown and hold up very well i do at home nails and these work through any condition , highly recommend .
this mascara's curved applicator does ensure non-clumping and i really like the way it looks . i will be buying again .
they are ok brushes they are super soft but for me they kept shedding even after i washed them very gently but other than that they are pretty good
i have been using this & i don't see any different another wast of money i even use it with the tummy belt and nothing
goes on smooth and feels good after 8 hours.do not care for the scent . but my kids like the scent .
waste of money ! does not do anything to your skin . like one person said before , it's just like putting water on your face . overrated .
love this brush ! great coverage - soft , durableand washes well.would recommend this brush to anyone withsensitive skin .
i didn't see any difference using this eye cream . no reduction in fine lines . i would try something else instead .
this mineral veil really does create a flawless finishing touch ! i love how light it is and it blends so well !
great lotion ! it seems to last forever . no smell but nice to be natural !
comprei essa máscara para minha me que é apaixonada por ela . por isso mesmo ela quis o tamanho maior , para durar mais . chegou perfeito .
this is the original denman brush . i got it to supplement a 20 year old one that i still use every day .
the tapes are awesome , dont get me wrong . but , after a day they start to peel . you almost have to glue the ends down .
this is a great product for nail art lovers ! the are shipped nicely and arrived on time giving . i would definitely recommend it to nail art lovers !
this product does help with acne and skin irritations .. the smell is something to get used to but it really works .. i highly recommend it .
i'm so pleased with this palette . very beautiful colors and very pigmented . it came very quickly and in perfect condition . happily grateful . :-)
a good color . dries quickly and you don't need a lot of coats . the best one i have bought so far .
free & clear makes a variety of products from shampoo to liquid soap . great products for sensitive skin . no fragrance or harsh chemicals . i high recommend .
yeah it hurts , then you have a stuffy nose and pain . didn't do a thing for congestion . i threw it out after one use .
they suck compared to this one . i have tried a few other brands and have been disappointed every time . make sure you keep it clean with the cleaner
i have not used it very long but it seems to be making my nails stronger . we'll see how it does over time .
seems to work so why pay more . it's good on a budget and it did okay on my dry skin .
i like it because it is very smooth in texture and light-weighted . makes my make up stays and last longer too .
these work really good , im still trying to get use to doing different art designs , but they are verry cool . delivery was ok . thanks
i've been a gelish user for over 4 years . the items work well for their intended use . would purchase again .
just got it . never tried it before . great buy .. i'm very pleased with this . smell good and last for a while . ( 4-5 hrs )
tangles very easy only cause its very long but i wont buy this wig again .. best to only wear once ..
this stuff works like magic takes off any eye makeup . no scrubbing needed . it just dissapeared leaving clean eyelashes :)
the color didn't make much of a difference to my hair . i'm not sure i would recommend buying it . think about it's effectiveness before purchasing .
get more complimets on this than all my other perfumes , including the very expensive ones ; wear it all the time
i use every product . beautiful ! colors need to be patted on for depth , but love the contents . i do recommend
these brushes are really very nice . i was pleasantly surprised with the quality for how much i paid for them
will buy again pineapple is good for the skin good if you oily skin smells good , good price for 2 bottles .
does everything i want ! i love this hair dryer ! the attachments are easy to put on and remove . great quality product !
love this lotion . i think it is the best out there . i don't use any other lotion out there this is the best .
the product itself is decent , but the smell is incredible . i just wish the lasting needs to stay longer . beside that , that product is great !
he love it i love it , my husband bday gift , love it he does too smell very good and last all day long or more
this is such a nice fragrance that i wear it even in the winter . i get compliments all the time and asked what that fragrance is .
these toe separators are small and i cannot leave them on for very long as they are painful to wear .
this system worked well for me ( mid twenties female with mild-moderate acne ) . love the lotion , this is the second time i've bough this system .
i am sure this is a good tool for people who are used to them i am not so i passed it on to my husband !
i love this fragrance for the summer months . it is clean and refreshing . i received many compliments on how good i smelled .
well it may be me and my type of hair but it is extremely difficult to form a bun or make stay in place . waste of money .
such a great teasing brush . i have incredibly flat , and thick hair . it works amazingly well ! very happy with this .
i got this headband and i love itits absolutely beautiful and looks great . however , i dont know how long will it last . it doesnt feel very durable
while the price for these items are great , they are not very effective . save your money and buy another brand of nail glue .
this product is ok , but with all the rave reviews i thought it would be better , perhaps helps with detangling , but not much shine .
feels nice moisturizing without feeling heavy , and a very generous amount for the price ! i love this before applying serum and moisturizer !
i love this perfume ! so glad a friend told me about it . cute bottle too , a red door ! ! my new perfume .
my hair loves it . my hair is very cruly and thick , difficult to handle and with he agadir argan oil treatment makes my hair manageable .
granted , i think it's a little too pricey . it is a great retinol product though . keeping me looking young . :)
this tanning lotion works good and smells amazing . the only downside is that you get orange hands if you don't wash them right away
i loev this brush for contouring .. i love this brush for contouring . that is all i have to say about it ! wonderful
these colors are heavenly ! love them ! and the magnetic designs it comes with are pretty cool ! something different from other boring brands !
i've had different self-tanning mitts , and this one seems to be holding up really well . offered at a good price , too !
they took a long time to get here but made it.so many and neatly packed and organized . didn't start using but don't see a problem using .
cheaply made , two pieces of wire coated in some foam . it was cheap so i shouldn't complain . nothing special , but ok for the price i suppose
i really like the way that the spray spreads out the liquid . much easier to pump and disperses well , also protects against heat pretty well i think .
i definitely saw a difference after the second use . the skin was less dry and keeps improving each day . definitely recommend this cream .
wow ! didn't believe i would love this brush so much . it's so soft and very gentle on the skin . i would mos def recommend it to anyone
i love this product . see my hair thickening and growing . tried many products , but this works the best for me . thanks suave .
l'oreal lipstick is always good . this shade was beautiful and it had free shipping as well which made me happy too . i would buy this again .
they took awhile to receive but as expected with how cheap they are . worth the wait i love them ! perfect for nail art .
nice for french tips but i know do french tips with the hollywood polish . but all cnd polish is great !
it's surprisingly made really well . it gets stuck in my hair all of the time though , but it's worth it .
this is a great little dryer . does what its supposed to do and for the price is perfect for occasional use !
i was expecting this mascara to be good but when i put it on , it didn't really cover my lashes well .
they work great , with a clean cut , however you do need to file the nail afterwords . but its okay , lol (:
the face wash does nothing , might as well be using water and the rest of the products aren't any better . don't waste your money .
take off my black head , and minimize the pores that is real cool ! ! ! good product . and is nuture.good good
these obviously aren't the most professional brushes in the world , but for the price they are fabulous . the tips are so thin that any design is possible .
i have not tried it yet but i put some on my arm and the color and how smooth it is is amazing thank you
its a bit creamier then i thought which is fine in my book , nice smell to it . i honly only want it for fly aways . no complaints
i love this produce on my hair my hair feels soft my hold family used it and i used the oil on my skin
i know is not super necessary to use special cup for clean brushesbut i like this because hold each one in one place
seems to sit on top of the skin , making everything seem to blend real well . doesn't make me break out .
i was impressed with this mascara being that i dont like any of smash box makeup . i would buy this again ...
if that is the color you are looking for , this is the color you should get . very girly . love it !
the shampoo is pretty good but i have other issues with aveeno products . i feel on some of their products they are shorting you on contents .
i use this brush to contouring my nose and forehead . really great precision but not to harsh on the face .
the powder is a nice clean color and the little dish is cute ! forms a good strong bond . use in a well ventilated area !
one of my favorite products . strengthens and manages hair so well . have used it for years . will order again . thanks
i love this color very nice . got lots of compliments on it . its nice to put on and looks very pretty
it's definitely a cute idea , but very cheap and fake looking . i can't imagine a grown woman seriously wearing this out anywhere unless it's for costume purposes .
this is a soft dusty purple color . subdued and classy . goes on easy , also - no wrinkling or rippling which happens with some other colors .
people should know that this is a really great deal ! the colors are amazing ! i really love the metallic ones :)
i love a good back brushing comb and this just wasn't it ! i will stick with the combs because it is just more firm for back combing .
its just great . and you get full coverage when you apply with your finger . its just a great product . one of my favs
love the smell and i haven't had any issues with nubian heritage products . i will continue to buy and recommend to others .
a lovely little liner brush that does what it says at a cost that can't be beat ! does not shed .
love the color , once u open it its very sheer :/ probably gonna need 3 coats for the bottle color .
it dries out skin quickly especially if you're living in an area where there is low humidity . works on face as well .
wish it was like the picture but it's not . wish the bangs fit right too . =/ but it's a pretty wig ...
the size is just right very pleased with this purchase i will keep it in my purse every day thanks
i love pearls . these pearls are awesome because of the flat back , its very easy to use while placing on anyones nails.def a most buy ! !
i have very dry skin this leaves my skin feeling silky smooth ... you will not be disappointed
love the color ! super dark red , with a touch of shimmer . exactly as i hoped it would be when i ordered it .
it does job that is required . smaller than expected and came with big black scrape on side . serves its purpose .
nice toner . i used it at night and it does a good job at getting any makeup that i missed off . it smells great too .
separating , volume , length , super black and looks so natural but build-able . i would repurchase it for sure
i wouldn't want to be without this product made for mature skin and absolutely the best eye serum i have ever tried .
woooooooooow this product is so so amazing i really liked it so much . it helped me keeping the foundation smooth and poreless
this is my favorite base coat , for gel nails i have not tried any other base gel coat , do they sell any other :)
works really well . ive had a lot of trouble looking for a good teasing comb bc my hair is really fine but this works the best compared to others
this brush set is inexpensive but high quality . the stand is very handy for quick makeup application in the mornings , particularly away from home . highly recommend !
i use these to do my nails and love them ! they aren't super durable , but i don't need them to be ! they do the job great !
i don't love it though . to me it works like most conditioners i've used . for the price its a great buy .
makes your skin look perfect . gives foundation an airbrushed effect . wouldn't want to go back to the days before i got this .
this a product i have used for a time . ir is a good skin lotion and makes the skin feel soft .
these are cute and really good to carry around if you love to do nails ! ! my girls love these and we mix and match them !
love these there super big super thick comfortable i can use them over and over and wont mess up love these
stays on well and stops most of the sweat from running into my eyes . nice color and decent price .
these nail art brushes - professional nail art brushes-sable nail art brush pen are really nice and the quality is great . ilke them
has really helped my dry skin . since using this product , i don't have any trouble anymore . i also use the moisturizing lotion .
i love this nail polish remover and will never use anything else . i buy big bottles of zoya and refill this bottle because the dispenser is fantastic !
it is soft and doesn't really have a smell but the texture puts me off . it is thicker than it needs to be and lumpy .
power cord stoped working i was starting to like it never will i buy this or recommend it to anyone
this is a great base color for your french manicures . nice pretty neutral . with the white tips , my nails look just flawless !
this has a great fragrance and very strong i might add ! perfect for the holiday season . i make my own cleaning products and this smells lovely !
this stuff is wonderful ; my hair was totally unmanageable before i started using this product . i will be buying several more .
i like this comb a lot . the teeth are nicely spaced & being infused with macadamia oil is an added bonus ! money well spent in my opinion !
i use them for nail art they do fine.no sheding and the slide with no problem . effortless will order agin when needing replacing
it is something i heard about that i am trying . it came promptly and i am hoping for great results . thank you
it doesn't clump . it gives that perfect hint of color . i love this mascara ! pleased & totally satisfied with my purchase .
great product i feel clean fresh and balanced from ph use everyday yes i highly recommend this product to all females
perfect for those that just want a nice clear coat or to pair with white for a french manicure look .
works well i will buy more . works quickly a noticeable difference in days . my fine wrinkles are not even noticeable
this is the best item if you in hurry to get out and put some on your nails in hurry and dry very fast i love it .
this stuff helps my dry damaged hair look and feel healthy which is exactly what i was looking for , good stuff
i want to try this new product and see if it really make the nail polish opaque or matte as it says .
like pink , white , and purple . very good texture for a loose eye shaddow ! best as a lower lid or highlight color
been working so far . it is a nice consistency . cheap and i will buy again . way better than anything i have tried .
this pleasant smelling shampoo creates a rich lather and left my hair fresh and clean , but because it left my scalp itcy i would not purchase it again .
my sister can't believe how well this works . she won't stop talking about it .
have been using for over a week and don't notice any difference . maybe it will take longer to show a difference !
i'm in love . this brush makes everything airbrushed on my face . its super soft . not as dense but that's ok . it blends out nicely .
this concealer is great , full coverage and works as a highlighter too . i love it and probably will purchase this again .
a gentle clean with a wonderfully clean fragrance and smartly priced . certainly won't be the last time i purchase this .
i have bought 100.00 foundation and i can honestly say i only use this one . makes me feel good andi love the smooth feel . thanks for this ..
max factor pan stick is hands down the best foundation i've ever used . if you want total coverage , this is the one for you .
i use it right after i towel dry my hair . i use a few pumps and leaves my hair very soft when it is dry .
wasnt too sure about this color at first but i am glad i purchased this color . it is a nice , bright enough purple color .
i've used this product for a long time and i really like it . it's a reasonable price and stays on all day .
great brush ! i use it every day with mac liquid foundation . customer service was very nice as well .
very nice with any color . i add it with the color to my toes since i work in a conservative office .
use them every day . have no complaints . still trying to figure out the advantages of using these but they do a good job .
smells amazing , kind of light , it didn't give my hair ( s-wavy ) enough curl and made my hair a little too soft
it's a waste of money . doesn't do much . it's really such a shame that this item doesn't do what it says it does
these are all you need . black , basic , easy to use . my favorite for many years as an eyeliner . priced right too !
i have tried many face lotions , moisturizers and creams , but i always keep switching back to olay because its the best !
this wax pencil is so on point . the consistency is just right and its quicker and easier to use than those wax pots most other brands offer
ok i like this out of all the mascara this is the best one i like so i am hook on it .
i love this face scrub . no harmful chemicals . works great at scrubbing the dead skin off of my face . i highly recommend this brand !
i thought this product would be similar to the bare escentuals makeup line , but it doesn't cover or match my skind the way theirs does .
first powder foundation that i came across with excellent coverage without the hassle . i have very obvious hyper pigmentation marks and this stuff covers it very well .
this brush has a great feel to it . i don't use it for styling with my blow dryer ... just for a nice brush out .
with all girls , it is cheaper to buy this product from amazon than going to the beauty supply store .. ships fast and that's what i love too .
it is really bright , but not what i expected . i was looking for that crushed diamond look , instead it is kind of foiled looking .
so far , i really love this ! i have yet to experience any creasing and it seems like my eyeshadow is a little brighter than it was before
you can this product on skin , hair , and put in any of your products ! the price was good that was one reason i bought it !
i love the way this brush blends concealer so easily ! highly recommend for acne sufferers . i am very pleased with my purchase .
doesn't burn like many reviews say . makes lipstick last , but peels off . not something i would repurchase but i'll use it for now .
i've used this conditioner twice and it leaves a sticky , flat residue in my hair no matter how much i rinse . not recommended !
i've tried the mascara type sticks and brushes , and found this application easier and cleaner . seems to stay on well and good color match .
i am a big fan of nyx cosmetics . this lipstick is true to the color of the photo . it looks fantastic on me .
to big for nail art , but good for other craft . different color than on the picture . but its not bothering me
they came i'm happy with the amount of black bows i read in the reviews before buying people only got one i got 4 of each color
i was looking for a grey combo of eyeshadows and was very happy with this one . they go on smoothly and give a great smoky eye .
absolutely recommend this product ! it does what it says and i agree with the other 4-5 star ratings ! never been more happy and will purchase again !
this is one of the best perfume i've ever had . i strongly recommend this product and the seller .
so the free gift with purchase bags are now being sold on amazon without the makeup and items that came inside ? awesome !
i haven't try it yet but seems they are good in quality .. will see and thanks
this is my holygrail product . i have tried other brands but nice and easy gives the best color payoff . always comeback to this brand ! !
got this to repair my nails after the horror of what acrylic does to my nail beds . works wonders , strengthens and it does fix them .
she does , big time ; is there really and truly any other serious test for an every day scent ? i didn't think so ...
i love this product . i have no probs with it , just make sure you buff it it properly and you are good to go .
it glides on so smoothly and leaves skin feeling soft but not greasy as sometimes higher spf lotions do . chic packaging , too . total winner .
it is everything you don't want in a mascara . it clumps , smears and is extremely difficult to apply . the packaging is nice though .
this is a nice oil for your hair it makes your hair soft which is why i use oil in the first place .
this stuff dries within under a minute ! seriously , if you're impatient with waiting for your nails to dry , you need to get this top coat !
well worth it . will be ordering again ! i really want to try the stiletto nail pieces ! going to upload a photo of my work
10 bare lipcolor was a perfect choice for me . it glides on smoothly and it looks natural complimenting a smoky eye or not . stays smooth and beautiful .
so pretty ! bright red vibrant color with sparkles . i usually put on two coats to make sure it covers evenly . perfect for christmas and valentines day !
i can tell a huge difference in this product from others . it leaves my skin feeling much softer . when i use this i don't even dread shaving !
this is a great nail tool . perfect for keeping your cuticles well groomed and keeping nails clean . excellent for anyone who is serious about nail care .
adorei o efeito natural que o produto deixa na producao do olho tipo : nasci assim ! muito bom , recomendo ! bom custo beneficio ! ótima fixao !
i didnt like the way this smelled it turned into my perfume to my boyfriends cologne no thanks usher just sing please
este perfume es muy dulce , me estoy acostumbrando a el , el embace es bello , y lo mejor se conserva el olor por mucho tiempo
bought this product to use to make homemade bath bombs ! works great and has been wonderful for my winter skin ! softens and soothes !
the one that i got was very flaky and looked terrible on the eyebrows with flakes all over . i had to throw it away .
this shade of lipstick is my favorite to wear . why maybelline discontinued making it i don't know because i cannot find a better shade i like more .
this is a very durable case . it holds so much makeup . i am very pleased with the size and storage inside .
love seventh generation . they never let me down . they are great for more sensitive skin . i highly recommend this brand .
is ok is not much of it but is worth the money u pay for this thanks for sending it early then the date u say .
this is a kind of multitasking product , but something in it irritated my skin , and after using it just a few days , i had to stop .
received item several days earlier than expected . have only used it once , but it worked well on the that product .
i love this lotion , it seems to work well , no greasy feeling after , and the smell is very mild and fresh .
in the past a bought some from other company and they were really bad , but the quality of this was good and i really enjoyed using them .
this product makes your hair very oily , even when only little is used . i don't think it protects the hair , just leaves it greasy .
love this mascara it comes in a pack of two i had no idea ! would recommend to anyone who love long eyelashes
i had ordered a larger barrel curling iron and found out it was too big for my short hair . the is perfect and it heats up quickly .
its a good one but its hard to take off , very hard actually i prefer the clinique one , its far better
the product arrived quickly , and appears to be good . very good price . i would probably purchase this again since i like nioxin products .
i will never buy the regular files again . these work so well and my son doesn't complain when i file his nails with these .
this is a great product . it's easily applied and easy to remove . lasts all day .
i have thick coarse hair and it doesn't do much by itself . after my hair dries , it's back to the drawing board . :/
i have mid-long hair and wash it every day . it dries my hair around 20 min , fast and easy to use !
this makes my hair so soft and manageable . great product and wil continue to use but hope the price goes down .
i used this product to take off eye makeup regularly , it works well . it is light and fragrance free . i will order it again
so my mom bought these for herself and its makes her skin so smooth =) product came on time and was packaged nicely
this shampoo smells very good and gets my hair clean . i am very happy with my purchase of this item .
i will definitely reorder this color . it's a beautiful deep sparkly classy color . it goes on smooth and wears well .
this reminds me of the hydrator that was designed for women named h2o , except this is for me . i love axe products .
this makes your skin feel absolutely amazing ! i am hooked ! i have only used this for a few days , but i love it so far !
this polish is an excellent base coat if you desire a high shine on your natural nails . i use it all the time .
the wig is like a cheap doll's hair . arrived tangled . very thin . it is worth $ 2.99 maybe . will make a great wig for halloween .
brushes are so soft and seems to be in high quality . came in a great pouch . a must buy for you or as a gift .
the gel liner works really well , almost no smudging through out the day ! although i don't like the brush it is still worth the price .
just too too too thin for my taste .. i felt it could of been a little thicker but not too thick .
i love these pretty poke dot bows look good on junk nails . i have all ready put these bows on peoples nails.thank you
i used it for 2 months . i saw zero difference in the firmness of my neck skin
didn't know this was so big , too big for me , will order a smaller version . good product , love the magnification and was well needed
these work well - - but they are also super expensive . you can do as well with cheaper double sided tape from staples
my eyes looked great when i used them as a underliner . it will also look good as an upper liner ! !
love this lotion it is def nice . it smells nice and it gets you tan fast ! i am bronzed now and i am fair skinned
i ordered this and it didn't take that long to come i really love it its really long and i love the color
i'm not great at nail art but love to try . i enjoy the option of the different brushes available & designs you can make .
i love this matte black it will be my staple black polish from now on ! i am probably going to purchase more colors too !
these little things are quality and cut well . would recommend buying others of this make . nice price and came swiftly .
this is a good product and this price is very affordable . excellent bronzers . not a big fan of the smell though .
it works very well in conditioning and untangling my hair after shampooing i like abba products and this is no exception . i'll contiinue to use it .
this item barely creates a movement of air . i would not recommend purchasing this . it is easy for kids to use , however .
used over sunscreen it controls oil / out using a foundationone two three four five six seven eight nine ten
after readings lots of reviews about this product i decided to purchase it , but actually dries and breaks my hairmaybe is not for my hair type 2b
this polish is beautiful ... it's different ... not soo girly but still girly . it applies very nicely to the nail as well with only 2 coats needed .
the glitter liner takes too long to dry , you end up looking horrible if you blink before it dries . wouldnt buy again .
this pallette is wonderful eyes and blushes excellent quality and pigmentation is everything you could ask for in a single box love to travel
this polish is great ! it dries fast and lasts long . color is as pictured . love it ! buying more colors in this brand .
i've never found a black eyebrow pencil that didn't make me look like a tranny . i love this one . no more sharpie eyebrows ! it's perfect .
love love love .. pigmented , gorgeous colors for those creative looks . im excited to see what i can create in the future . :)
i like how this cerium is more thick , and not watery like others i had bought.made my face feel moisturized , and great .
this is a beautiful sparkly blue , just like sapphires . it fully covered in two coats . i would recommend to everyone .
i love the product . it provides excellent color for my eyebrows . i love that i do not have to sharpent this pencil .
does a good job at lenghtening your eyelashes , but leaves a spidey effect to them . not a very pleaseant look .
got a sample if this creme in a hotel we stayed in and i am now hooked ! it is rich and luxurious.and i just love it .
this is a knockoff for the other more expensive sponge that does the same thing ! great price great product . plus it comes in fun colors !
this stuff really works well and does not dry out your hair , i highly reccomend it ! it works better on bleached hair .
i ran out of my first bottle and immediately bought a second . i love this stuff ! makes my skin glow and my pores appear smaller .
i like these combs . they hold my hair and it is fine . they came in nice basic colors and seem to hold my hair well .
this my first dry shampoo an was a bad experience make my hair feel dirty and more greasy don't spend money on this
this is a handy little dryer that's great for travel . it's got enough wattage to dry hair quckly and is comfortable and easy to use .
this dries my hair so quickly ! way better than the old revlon dryer i had . i would purchase this hair dryer again in a heartbeat .
purchased as a gift for my niece at christmas to use with the pyt flat iron - she is happy and says it works very well .
these are perfect . no assorted sizes ! , and i can get at lest 3 on my nails , since i have short nails .
yes i will recommend , specially after a good work out , i like how it cleans the skin of the face
it didnt come with glue , just an empty tube i had to spend more money buying glue ... thanks taobaopit ,
you can add the sparkles to colored gelish nail polish or have it alone . it looks good any way . i am very happy with this product !
love the smell and the way it makes my skin feel . a good lotion without making your skin feel oily .
very good quallity product and it's percision as well . recommended to all the ladies that they want their manicure perf ! !
great product , highly recommended and at a price less than walmart . contains ingredients discussed on dr oz . ggg ggg ggg
great color to start with when learning to apply gel nails on your own . semi transparent and slightly pearlized color .
i'm cheap so i cut them in 1/2 because they are really too big . but great results immediately . love roc products .
this stuff is great . looks great . feels great , and a terrific price as well ! highly recommend . will buy in a few more colors !
they work exactly how there supposed to , i have so much fun with these stripes
since trying this product , i've never used another mascara . it makes my eyes appear wider by lengthening and enhancing my lashes - love it !
the tapes are good quality and you can use them for days . the colours are really nice and they are easy to work with .
my daughter loves these things . she is a nails freak . she is always doing her nails so i thought this would be good for her .
my boyfriend's favorite q-tips ! we use these everyday . the tips are soft and fluffy which aid in cleaning the delicate area thoroughly . highly recommend these ! :)
i like this stuff ok ... i got it to use on my friends ... so i wouldn't have to use my expensive stuff ... and it works good .
the best product for the skinmake my skin very softi would recommend the total purchaseworth the experience
i'm trying this item as well . hope all of my efforts will work - the puffiness and dark circle under my eyes are annoying me so much .
for me , this was really not a good purchase . i used it but i could just as well not use it and get the same results .
it makes doing my nails 10x easier and faster . i am so happy with my purchase , and wouldn't return it for the world .
this is one of my favorite products by pca . i use it several times a week and it works wonders on my skin .
i really like this cream , i would probably order this again , i also bought other products of oil of oly for other areas .
best mascara i have had in years , will buy again for sure , it doesn't clump and it lasts all day long awesome
therse r ok they stick to ur nail an don't want to come off so easy this ithem is ok for some one else not me ty
this product is the best thing for my curls , it gives me fabulous , moisturize and shiny curls day after day . i love the fragance
i like this product . it smells nice . not sure it really fixes split ends , but makes my hair feel soft .
really like color but does have some glitter in it and i did not know it did ... but looks pretty good !
this is the perfect b-complex for raw food vegans ! capsules can be opened and the powder added to your favorite smoothie .
thick , chalky , really terrible . there is no way you could put makeup over this and have it look good . don't waste your money .
i bought it for my sister and she really like it . it does what it says regarding the shine control , and it covers a great deal
very pretty pink color . it is not to loud or to soft . dont know how to decribe it but my friends love it .
it really was thick and did not go on as i had hoped ... color good consistency was not asi had hoped .
i thought the powder would adhere better but overall alright . not sure if i would buy this again although the price was fair .
every time i wear this , people think i have on gel polish . produces a long-lasting shine ! will continue to purchase this polish .
this lotion works and smells really good ! the best part is its so much cheaper than at the tanning salon
opi nail polish is always the best & this sparkly gold color is another one . looks great on ! love it !
love using them so i can see what my design will look like before i put them on .
this konad black is well worth the money if you are using it for nail stamping . it dries quickly and makes excellent , crisp images .
i didn't really like the colors , they were flat and very dark . just wasn't what i was looking for . :)
i have had several electric eyelash curlers and this one is the bomb ! the wide head really curls well . it heats up fast but not too hot .
this doesn't work at all - absolutely the worst . it takes forever to dry and has no affect - save your money .
i went to ralph and it was over priced so i bought this here . it's great to put my hair up do .
a + + + typical buffer blocks . great for smoothing out acrylic nails or even natural nail beds after filing & before polishing .
my daughter is a swimmer and between the chlorine and sun streaks her hair was very brittle . this works like a charm ! we cannot go without !
i decide to give this review was that it came in nice package and there was no damage to the product . works for what i got it for .
good file . does not rip nails but files smoothly . nice case and well designed . would recommend . it should last a very long time .
this is a very good stuff ! works perfect and i would recommend it to my friend - very successful purchase .
nothing more to say that this is a great cleanser . i have sensative skin , it works great for me . doesn't strip skin of oils .
my hair is stronger since using this product and i hightly recommend it id you have weak or faling hair .
it has an easy texture , leaving your hair nice and clean , and it doesent have a lot of chemicals , so your hair is protected .
i use this once or twice a day . doesn't sting , doesn't leave you feeling sticky and it works ! i refuse to live without it .
mascara goes on thick and gooey . it was difficult to keep from smudging even before it dried . i will not purchase this product again .
perfect light purple color for spring . it looks beautiful on and doesn't chip for a couple of days . it's a lovely matte color , no sparkles .
this color is awesome . it gives just that subtle amount of color , without being overpowering at all . goes on and stays on very nicely .
love this . also love the bottle it is just wonderful . i have a collection of perfume and this just added to it
this pallet is great to cover some face flaw and make a even tone skin . help to cover under eyes dark circles and acne marcas .
i have sensitive skin and this brush is too rough for me - would often leave my face irritated for hours so i switched for a softer one .
looks great , and it is easy to use . lasts at least two weeks before chipping / peeling by my cuticles . quality product
cheap price just the right tool to have , i i'm really happy with this tooli recommend this product with 5 stars
very soft pale pink color . gelish is a very good brand of products . i am a glitter nut so i added silver sand on top .
first time using this product , but thought i would give it a try since i loved the cocoa butter body lotions so well .
love all of the hip kohl liners that i have . this is a rich , vibrant teal . it goes on smoothly and stays all day . beautiful .
these gloves are terrible . they are way too thin and come apart at the seams easily . terrible product ! spa sister white cotton overnight moisture gloves
love it , looks like the same color and looks shinny and my lips look plump :) but then again i have plump lips to begin with lol
again , do not waste your money . i use it for a body cream because it did nothing for my eyes . not worth the price .
i love essie for the quality and colors and i love that amazon often has a good price . pleased with my polish .
it hardly cover anything , i hate how hard it was to get the foundation out and the application was difficult .
amazing , exactly what i've been looking for for years . i'm seeing results after just one use . my hair's so soft and it smells so good !
works great under your air brush makeup doesn't clump or plug your sprayer up either . i highly recommend it ! you can use with other makeup air brushes .
all olay products have been amazing to me ; i definitely recommend this one as well as the serum for a daily basis moister .
this works perfect ! it pushed back my cuticles with ease and it is so easy to remove the dead skin with the other end .
this brush is perfect for doing multi colors of gel nail polish . it cleans up great with the gel remover .
it makes my hair soft but i didn't notice any less breakage when using it . smells great , i like it , probably won't buy it again though .
terrible . too thick and doesn't dry evenly . i will not buy again . didn't even get to finish bottle . excpected better from opi
i just love this spa wrap . i love the color , the cancer emblem and length of the wrap . it is just what i was looking for .
what can i say ? it's lipstick and i like it . the color is what i hoped for and i'm not disappointed .
well its awesome ! and tiny and cute , likee the shappe , works for me doing acrylic nailsand it came how it was supposed to .
very good , i like that i don't have to be coating my nails every single day . fast drying . my nails are much stronger now .
love this face wash - - it washes away all my impurities from wearing it all day around nyc and helps me to not break out .
did not get results expected and for n expensive cream , very dissapointing . oh well , still less $ than at dermatologist .
this color is great for the price , wears as nice as a high end lip color for half the price .
color shifts from orange to red . this is now one of my favorite colors . applies nicely . thicker polish than some of the other colors .
i love to just put on layer after layer of this ; it is a staple in my make up bag ; will buy more in the future .
it's more malleable than the picture . and nice . and not too tight . i have to pin it in place though
i love the look of this product . they work great and you have an array of sizes to choose from .
i got the sensitive skin one and i like it . seems like a good deal to me , comes in a 4 pack .
worse than useless . do not buy this ! it doesn't work , in fact it can't work .
i like the texture of this blush , however the container makes it a little hard to use .
it's large & would be able to fit a lot of hair . it will cover everything . the headband is tight too .
this is a great addition to my growing collection . all images stamp crisp and clear like all my cheeky products i've purchased .
i have used this a few times and love it , it is very easy to use and cleans fairly easy .
its very messy if you dont have an extra brush since the one attatched isnt amazing but it works good
iam give it 4 stars because if the lips are a little dry it makes all the imperfection , beautiful color going great in my nc30 skin color .
i don't think i have oily or dry skin but when i use this product without lotion , moisturizer , toner or anything , it's hard to blend in .
i really like this bag . it's convenient and durable . great price and great quality . i would definitely recommend this to a friend .
good images , some similar to other brands . size compared to my nail beds are a little small but workable . they're ok .
the best thing i have ever boughtthe texture is amazingthe glow is stunningand my pores don't show that much
gotta have top it off , don't skip on this . it makes every color extremely shiny . your gelish color will bling in the sunlight !
it's a light color - - looks very natural and not like you have make-up on . give it a try ! :)
i really like this color and this brand of nailpolish is popular for a reason . love the name !
i love deva curl products like nobody's business ! i highly recommend all of their product , it's the only stuff i use !
if this perfume is on your gift list , then get it here . it is cheaper here than at the mall .
this was recommended by a professional make up artist and it works well ! really recommend it ! i have used it many times and it is prefect
i purchased these to help me style my hair in the old-fashion waves . i wish it would fit more snug at the top .
i have darm underarm skin and have been using this . it absolutely works ! ! ! the only con is the scent which is that chemically smell .
good concealer for under eyes , consistency is good , i like the bit of sheen in it , i wouldn't use for dark spots or a large blemish .
i like this product , it has a fresh smell and it cleans very well . leaves my face refreshed and not overdried .
they are just pretty generic brushes nothing special but they get the job done no doubt about it . i would buy them again .
this stuff is very vibrant , and lasted longer than manic panic . i definitely recommend it if you want to go ( very ) pink !
this palette is not even pigmented at all i hate it ! waste of money ! not the seller fault tho the product just isnt that great
i was using this on my back for over a year with awesome results but then they changed the formulation and now it breaks me out !
it's my first time to try a gel eyebrow and absolutely love it , compared to the pencil that i used to before :) i recommend this
thanks for this invention.these forms make life easy ... exceptional ideaswonderful addition to my nail collection ... since i love doing nails and adding art is now easy
awesome deal , great price , works just like the beauty blender does . don't waste your money on high end ones that do the same thing .
i simply love this color ! i prefer using only one thin coat for every day , whereby the color is clean and sheer yet nicely sparkly and fun .
it's regular bubble bath , smells nice.theres not a ton of bubbles or anything.it ' s okay and it arrived quickly.bottle is kinda small .
does well on artificial nails . top coat holds well with regular nail polish . but will use again for the time being .
i'm new to this whole eyebrow shaping thing , so i'm just confused as to how you're supposed to set the plastic thing and puck around it ?
it is the cheapest face lift your ever going to get . i think my skin even feels softer
i absolutely love this mascara . it does thicken your lashes . it also doesn't create a smudge under you eye as the day wears on .
i hope they don't stop manufacturing this lipliner because it's great ! stays on all day and you never have to reapply it .
i always use this product and color , so i know it is exactly what i am getting . like the product a lot .
i did not want to spend alot on products and this is cheap and works great . i thought cheap woukd be bad , but not with this product
need to get more , almost out . its a bit liquidy but it works out well . i need to start using it more .
i use this comb as directed by wen to help with the cleansing procedure . this comb is sturdy and glides through my hair easily when used with wen .
refreshing , cooling and soothing . leaves a nice subtle sheen / glow around the eyes which is much needed at 46 . lovely , would buy again .
doesn't leave my skin red or irritated . i am not sure what more to say about this product except that it is a good value .
it even looks good on white or soft colors , i have the black too , they just add that extra olala moment
i saw almost immediate results in the way my skins looks and feels . skin tone is more even after one weeks use .
it is flexible and therefore more chance to make a crooked line . i will use brush from another eyeliner , then never order this one again .
nail art moyou silver moon rhinestone pack of 1200 crystal premium quality ... good quality , nice , easy to use , bought from
every kind of brush is in this set . i love how soft they are and how well kept up they have been .
i use this soap everyday and if i don't i can definitely tell the difference . plus this bar will last a long time . i love pca products .
2 out of every 5 of them come apart where they are glued . they are not good quality hair bands .
very disappointed in the quality of this product . i would not recommend this product to anyone . it's not worth the money .
these are so helpful filled the whole book up this is very well made and sturdy . will buy another when needed .
i used this with the mizani moisturfusion shampoo and conditioner and it really help my dry dehydrated hair .
this is very effective in getting pimples dry so they can go away faster . it was affordable and effective , so i recommend it !
gives the best manicure at home , with out having to spend $ $ $ at a salon . it's easy to use . i love it
i was paying double for the same thing on tv . got this at a much better price and can not tell the differance.good deal .
this brush does wonders in applying foundation it blends it so well my makeup looks flawless . i love sigma brushes .
i have grey circles under my eyes and i have bought this for years , it does the trick , so i love it ! ! !
good for price , but i would go back to my estee lauder eyeliner even if it costs more.this eyeliner is dry and irritates my eyelids .
i use it when i wash my face , it scrubs deep into my pores and keeps my face clear of blackhead and pimples .
this concealers under eye circles nicely . however , i did find it hard to blend and very drying on other areas of the face .
works amazing ? people said it was too small . it is not small at all . it is a normal palette size . coverage is amazing
use all the time and really like the way it makes my scalp tingle - feels really good and gets the blood moving !
i bought this item for my granddaughter and she loves all the vdifferent nail polishes as long as shes happy i am
as i said before , this eye pencil is of great quality and i will definitely order it again in the near future .
very cute gems that are easy to apply with the tools that are provided . the price is great as well . i bought several .
just received this today i put it on my toes and it did change from purple to pink . it was a fast delivery . thanks
i love these and i won't be running out any time soon . they don't snag my hair . :)
this serum had an immediate cooling sensation and left my skin feeling calmed and refreshed ! i am looking forward to seeing the long term effects !
smaller than the rhinestones they use at the nail salon , but i do like them . i suggest nail glue to go with !
this product didn't work for me . can't complaint since hair types differ and not everything works for everyone . returned it immediately ?
i bought this thinking it was different than the color protecting conditioner but its not . so when i saw that it was same , i shipped it back .
this was not for me . maybe i just wasn't doing the exercises the way i should . i thought it was almost counter-productive ?
doesn't work with gelish base coat . need to buy the bmc base coat . did not apply evenly . nor did it coat the entire nail .
this is what you need if you are going to stamp . this stamp is great for full nail and partial nail designs . easy to use and clean .
i haven't gotten to really use it due to the plates that i ordered being crap . they are too shallow to hold the paint in the grooves
the color is lighter then in the picture and the bangs are a bit shorter but it is still a beautiful silky wig that detangles easily
good product , a bit light in color and not as black as would of liked it to look on my eyes .
this mascara works better than any one else i have bought , just as other commented . really worth the price ! love it .
i really like this face wash . it may not be strong enough for you if you have acne which i do . very gentle though .
those clamps are big size . just used them yesterday and i like them . four are enough for my hair . nice product !
these ones are okay , they kind of work like the elf ones . you should get them if you're looking for something cheap .
i use this product everyday . it helps my skin get cleared up from all my problem areas including my acne a problem .
i use these wipes to wipe my hands . i carry them in my tote bag . they are very convenient . the downside is they are not organic .
this is more of an evening scent . i add a touch of vanilla scent and it smells even better .
the plum and sakura blossom is a nice scent . it does smell a little bit like perfume but it's not too overpowering .
i give as gifts to the guys in my life . they enjoy the gift . will purchase more in the near future .
i use these brushes every day ! i use the pointed brush for nose contour and it is perfect : )
beautiful neutral colors go great on dark skin . it stays on for the whole day colors can be used for every day look .
this peel works great . it is uncomfortable while on your skin so have a hairdryer with a cool setting handy . this peel was priced great too .
do not buy if you have big eyes they will not fit , they are also really short in length they look like normal lashes
great color to wear with jeans . variety is the spice of life and this one is a lot of fun !
this makes a classic classy look to regular painted nails ... a quick fast & in'a hurry mani / nail art designs ... thanx god bless : d :d
these are actually pretty durable . i havent lost a spooly in the mascara tube yet . will probably repurchase this in the future .
i love opi base and top coats . they dry fast and last long . paired with the rapid dry spray , i never mess up a manicure !
only came with 1 mascara not six , very misleading ! ! ! therefore , also made the product a bit expensive .
this makeup is great , very natural looking . it blends in with your skin like you are not wearing any makeup but still covers flaws .
this has everything you need and it cheap . i love this product and would recommend it to everybody . i hope this was helpful .
giveseasily gives you the right look , fun and with body without eworking so hard . after get the hang of placement is very easy to use
don't notice any difference in outcome between this and my old dryer , but it's in an attractive color and easy to use .
i have adult acne and this product really helped me . my face was clear in only 1 week . i love it . i will recommend this product .
pretty red lipstick . really liked the texture .. very smooth . stays on very well . great price.and i definitely would buy again
very good , little or no fragrance , does not sting like some all purpose face lotions with sunscreen . no complaints . i will buy this again .
this is great to use if your nails are dry and crack a lot . the aloe is very soothing . i love it .
this treatment brought my hair back from the brink due to hard water at home
i could be imagining it , but it seems to really make my legs look better !
its just the right amount of space i need to fit all my makeup ! plus i love the feel and look of the case .
very decent eyeliner . not the best i've ever had but solid day to day eyeliner for the price . no complaints !
many of the butterflies were broken . many were mixed in together with other colors . the wheel breaks the tiny clay butterflies when i turn it to open .
this cologne is one of my favorites of all time and this is my second order of getting it which was great .
there is no better mascara on the market ! i've been using this for years and absolutely love it ! the best ~ !
good word for this product , once your i to the system , this does make you feel like it is rehydrating the skin
goes out strong it takes a while to settle , smell a little flowery . i wouldnt invest on it again not lasting long
my daughter loves this purple but you really need to use 3 thin coats for a nice coverage . it's also pretty when used over another color .
palmer's products have been around forever - priced right and good for moisturizing skin as it is designed to . great for those drying winter months after a bath .
another product that my niece likes . she puts a little of this in the deep conditioner . she also applies it to the hair ends .
this is the first fragrance by prada that i love , i think its perfect and i cant wait to see it in a gift set .
pineapple and papaya enzymes are great acids for those with sensitive skin . this product is great for daily exfoliation and the price is excellent .
ordered set of 50 , received 52 lids and 49 jars , two of which wish broken . the complete ones are ok though just keep it in mind
great product very noticeable needs to be well blended . i love it ! would buy again . use it all the time now .
no noticable results after 2 bottles , not going to get it again . nerium is much better .
works wonders for adult acne . can be a little drying at first . the green tea moisturizer works great for the dryness . i highly recommend trying this !
i was worrying about my hair loss . after the use of this project wtih rush new bar shampoo , i feel much better !
expected it to be a little longer in length , i guess i didn't read the description properly
my son really loved this shampoo and says that it works ! :) we've been having a hard time finding something that works , too .
it doesn't blend well and it dry very quickly plus it very light for my skin . i don't recommend it for anyone and it too expensive ! ! !
this is a wonderful , partly organic product . it smells unbelievably good , leaves my hair very manageable . i highly recommend it .
i have been using a little over a week and i love this cleansing system . makes your face seem so much cleaner than just washing .
this cleanser makes my face red for whatever reason . it makes my face hot after i use it , too . strange .
works great and i got it for half the price as i could have from cvs so i'm definitely happy with that , i use it as a toner .
this product is better than any acne cream i tried before . it worked really well . it's worth the price .. it dried my acne .
i have been using this for years and is the only liquid soap that doesn't freak my skin out . i even use it on my face
wonderful for my skin and nails , and when i use it , the fragrance takes me to the islands ! it is so lush !
i usually use lotions from vs , this was just as of good . great lingering clean smell of cherry blossoms and moisturized the entire body !
i love these brushes and the price was nice as well . but i was expecting them to be a bit larger but it's okay !
nice brushes and i liked the pouch they came in . they fit in my purse for quick touch ups perfect size .
i love this stuff ! came perfect . the brush went to the trash but love the product . would buy again .
it works great for my opi gel color it helps it adhere longer without some nasty smell ! and its opi the best there is ! !
this glue doesn't stick as well as i thought it would . i've never had a problem with using other glue before but this hardly sticks too your skin .
mine was not hot pink like the color posted more of a purple which i really like
this refill is a wonderful way to save money on this hand washing gel . have used the sweet water for quite awhile and love the scent .
a great shampoo for a good price . i normally get a cheaper priced shampoo , but i think this is certainly worth it .
the packaging makes you want to question whether this is a legit product or not ... it might be a imitation or somethign based on the packaging ...
nothing wrong with them if ur using for other things but too big for nails the get fought on things and end up falling off !
its an ok product . doesnt really help with body blemishes and dries out skin . its better as a face wash but wont buy again .
great product and moisture but does not cause skin to be over oily . i use before applying makeup and it works great .
arrived on time . price was on point and my teenage son loves this product and it smells great too . winning combination .
this product was well worth the money . i used it twice a day as instructed.im a very satisfied customer and will buy this product again .
what a pop of color i'm a mac girl so to find a brand comparable is great fast shipping and i luv the unicorn on the lipstick
for a little as they are they put out a nice color . we have a beauty school so these worked great for the price .
i do wish they would stick a bit better . they pop off at the ends too fast and don't want to re-stick .
these brushes r simply heavenly i am very pleased with this product i cant think of anything to complain about ! thumbs up to the price and the seller !
this is a great polish that dries in a reasonable amount of time and is solid and stays on without chipping .
me encanta esta fragancia es tan especial , a todas mis hermanas y cuñadas las gusto también la fragancia la recomiendo
this product adds somewhat of a glow to your face , it decreases some lines , and gives you a more youthful look .
i use a lot of hair products , and this shampoo really cleans them all out of my hair , and leaves it soft and shiny .
this is a pretty hair clip but it does not stay in my hair or my sister's hair at all
i have try many products and this one is the best . it covered my dark circles completely and no one knows ! ! !
more goodies to try to make my own stuff because of all my allergies to chemicals . have to wait for the results
they are way less than 500 false nails im dissapointed at that and but other than that the nails are good to work with
did not take long to get , as usual . i really liked the polish after i tried it . can't wait to try it over more different colors .
love this item , its so cute , i like the colors and quality , will buy more
a little smelly , in my opinion . but it does the job for a hell of a lot cheaper than urban decay .
great tool to carry in purse . nice carry case . works well on nail does not damage . i like it very much .
i heve never had more compliments on my hair . it leaves it soft and it's not frizzy . i love this stuff !
excellent product . works perfectly . many colors to use in nail art design . that's wonderful . i would recommend this to everyone .
good quality for the price . the brush set needs more fluffy eye brushes though , there all flat like concealer brushes . otherwise pretty nice quality ...
i have used this product for some time and it seems to help with the sagging of my eyes , i like this product and would recommend this product
beautiful item on line but arrived bent . the item doesn't fit properly due to the condition of the band itself . this would have been a beautiful piece
i use this at night before i go to bed . my face feels so soft in the morning . will continue to use long term .
i did not like it so much , i prefer if they were thinner than thisbut not bad brush do it job ...
i've always had tired looking eyes . i had tried other mary kay products before and liked them . this is fantastic for making eyes look brighter and younger .
hard to find item . great price and product is perfect . amazing what this product can be with firzzy hair . even spray
leaves my face feeling remarkably clean and pimples drying up just after 1st use . looking forward to seeing the long term benefits .
saw robin moses use one on line and had to get one like it . works great for cleaning brushes . keeps me from spiling the polish remover .
my mother swears by it . she says her hair is thicker and does not fall out as much .
i like to do my own nails , so this is perfect for me ! i love the assortment of the different colors !
i have lots of problems with cuticles , they grow so fast.this product helps to control that.it softens them as well.the lemon also helps to keep the nails whiter
not really pigmented for my dark skin . listening to the raves on you tube , this wasn't worth the hype or $ $ .
i like e . l . f . products , but found that this blush had a bit too much shimmer / glitter in it for my tastes .
love it love it love it ! i can now use the different dot makers for all my nail needs , awesome !
all of my friend's an coworkers love the color i like my color its great it don't chip and it don't come off so easy ethier
this is a clear shellac that adds sparkle only . it is great over other colors . the sparkles are holographic ? they shimmer in several colors .
this is my favorite perfume . it's very feminine and lasts a long time . i ; m sure to get compliments when i'm wearing it !
it was a gift and my friend loves it very much . great buy . great price and it last for a long time .
they crease and do not last longer than 2 hours . watch my review on youtube to see swatches and to see my opinion of them : [ ... ]
i use this product only on my roots were the flakiness happens . it does have a strong mentholated scent but i don't mind
i absolutely love these brushes ! they're great and very soft . the brushes put the makeup on smoothly without getting blotchy .
good deal for all those color look good on your eyes will buy some for gift for someone buy them
i don't normally care for nude polishes but this one won me over with the holographic sparkles . it is just gorgeous .
the shipping was awesome . they are easy to decorate on nails . but sometimes they are easy lifting from sides of the nails .
i love these rubber bands because they don't pull your hair out but they stay in tight so even thick hair stays in a ponytail .
these did not fit properly . these headbands were painful to wear and gave me headaches . i got rid of them and would not recommend them .
tried it out today and the colors were so pigmented , not to mention beautiful ! love bh cosmetics ! buy this if youre thinking about it !
so far so good , had helped with dryness and breakouts ! my doctor gave me samples and i liked them so much
do not buy it , it is a waste of money , it doesn't work at all , my nail are still fragile ! ! !
terrible . not easy to clip into my daughters hair and when i want to turn it on the batteries slide out . do not like
the product works fine and was an added asset to my basket of nail paraphernalia . i would suggest adding it to your basket as well .
this worked very well for traveling ! kept everything separate and organized . necklaces didn't get tangled together and earrings were kept together without getting stuck to anything else .
i got through a lot of these testing nail art ideas . at this price i don't mind when i use them and have to buy more .
i've been using this lip gloss for three years . i love the color and texture . i love laura mercier products .
excellent lip liners . soft and smooth , glides easily on my lips and the colors are awesome ! ! ! bought already another set , arrived fast
this wash has a very light scent . it smells more like the jasmine and thats fine with me . it is moisturizing and it complements my perfume .
it came with an extra head attachment which turned out to be awesome as my mom accidentally threw out the one the whole system can with
i buy tons of fimo pre slice or cane i love the better pre cut because there sliced just right haven't used yet but will for valentine day !
this stuff is horrible . way to sticky . if it gets on your fingers it just has to wear off.yuck
i use everyday in the corners of my eys and at the outside corners . it brightens and takes years off .
i couldn't have asked for a better set getting started playing with nail art . this is a perfect set for a great price .
this holds the glitter on my models in almost all locations on their bodies . i was most impressed . i will definitely order more .
brush very very beautiful , smooth , like it so much , i advise buying of this kind , and i'll be back to buy a new one .
i love this wig , some guy ask me was it my real hair . i will wear it again next halloween
i have been searching for this since it's no longer in stores . was excited about the price , love the product !
this product is a replacement product . it is required first step product . my wife and daughters love all these products .
heard great things ... saw nothing of note occur with my skin all i did was taste like salt . i would not recommend purchasing this item
sturdy durable metal . i think it will work just fine ( once my nails come that i ordered 1.5 months ago ? ? ? )
perfect for my husband who does not like the feel of sunscreeni would definitely purchase this item again and recommend it to others .
it doesnt get as hot at a normal one would , so i dont like it that much because i dont know if its doing its job propperly
beautiful color , awesome , creamy consistency . only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is i just wish it would last longer .
the colors are nice . good size for nails or any other decoration . the container keeps gems in place . 12 different colors .
love axe products for the smell and the quality . this one has a very strong hold , for your outdoor windy situations . recommended .
caress bar soap , emerald rush , 6 countcaressthis smells lovely and lathers up nicely . looks pretty in the bathroom too . will buy this again .
this is a great classy neutral color . love it for every day wear and even for formal events because it's such a classic color .
great for the price i paid for them ! i ordered an extra set for my younger cousin who is barely getting into nail art .
the product works well but i've gotten similar results from products with a much lower price tag . i'll stick to those .
this color is beautiful however this one is a bit shear compared to other revlon colors . it does give good coverage though with 2-3 coats .
i got the limited package deal instead of the two separates like shown in the photo , but i am happy nonetheless .
saw no difference at all in any way . the dosage is so light i can't imagine it working for anyone .
omg it's great i love all the shapes , very easy to put on and they stay on very well . great buy .
so great for blending and for many skin tones . definitely a must have for all you beauty gurus ! love it
this does for hair what night cream does for your face . i live in arizona and it is so dry that this is a must .
my mom love it i going buy me some silky feeling nice shades . look natural feel good on face silky
this smell is so fresh ! although it is alittle pricey , it was a good price at this site .. shipping was fast .. really enjoy it .
got this because its was cheap but it works great whit dark circles.very happy whit this item.easy to aply .
well i wanted too try something different it ok it did help me with the dark ring i had around my wrist
it doesn't burn , feels like a nice , moisturizing cream , doesn't have a fragrance and doesn't irritate my eyes . highly recommend !
i have purchased many shanny pallets and the are just amazing and i can add this pallet to the list
this hair is amazing ! it feels so much like my natural hair . it curls very well also . i would recommend this product to anyone
it's a nice daytime moisturizer for normal to dry skin . i would prefer if it had more active ingredients , though .
very soft and useful . highly recommend to any mom ! i use it for my baby's hygiene , they are very helpful .
i just used this color yesterday and i must say that this color is absolutely gorgeous , i will definitely repurchase in the future .
i love the hip studio eye shadows and this one is my all-time favorite ! it's long last and provides great coverage !
i'm a white male and bought this to fade acne scars . this didn't do diddly . and it is impossible to use as a spot treatment . pass
smells clean and has a nice , thick application , which many other foot creams do not provide . keeps feet comfortably moist , but not greasy .
i like this it really faded my dark marks drastically . it does take the whole bottle before i seen results but when i did well worth the wait .
i use this right after i wash my face with alpha hydrox face wash , thankfully i havent had any problems with break outs .
versaceversaceversaceversaceversaceversace ... versace medusa head on me like i'm lumaniti lol bright crystal is a beautiful sent that i love on my wife . get some ...
has not done much for me after 6 weeks , but it might help someone else . but then , nothing i have tried has done much !
i gave this away . it catches my hair and pulls out too many strands . the plates are rough to the touch . a no go for me .
well i got 2 black ones . i've had then for about 2 years and i hate them . they hurt . and they pinch ,
use these daily . they stretch out after a little while but it works wonders . 100 % effective . i purchased the black and it arrived as mentioned .
great selection of color ! ! this is like mac blush i'm going to buy more and for gifts as well ! beautiful product
everything is right here in a small compact case . every color you could imagine ! such a bargain buy ! ! shany rules !
i had my doubts about these nail polish press on tabs , but these work great ! they are easy to apply and shape . i highly recommend these .
love this product ! my hair is so smooth now and it also smells great ! ! definetely my favorite hair product , i recommend it .
great colors great price arrived quicklyenabled me to bring less make-up on my trip.it is hard to find lavenders with greys .
i have tried these because there is a hype about this product , i liked it , but have yet to discover what the hype is all about !
i love obagi and take care of my skin . i " m noticing more little wrinkles around eyes since being in fl . hoping this helps .
great natural facial product . works on dark / age spots , wrinkles and has been used by egyptians , american indians since the dawn of their time .
this is an excellent eyeliner ! it is very precise , which is just what i was looking for . i would highly recommend it .
received it today . not much to say about a dappen dish , but it's a good one and the lid fits well .
the quality is fine . they work the way they are designed , but my hair is so fine that they just don't stay in well at all .
this was a gift for someone . they are very happy with this since its perfect for the type of perfume bottles that they use .
this is an okay eye-cream . i do not think it is anything special for the money and will not repurchase .
this came super late and looks nothing like the picture . i actually originally thought they gave me the wrong color . plus no returns .
i use this for my face and hair . i love it . i would purchase again . seems like this will last me for a long time too .
this stuff rocks ! three minutes under my uv light and my nails are rock hard ! i'm using with the ibd introductory gel kit . perfect combination !
very good product . no leaks so far . i have several of these for different perfumes ( i travel a lot ! ) :)
it does what it says on the cover . wide toothed , gentle on hair , arrived on time . highly recommended for 4b hair like my own .
i know these are for your nails but i use them for card making . either way this is a great product .
i like the color but i feel its mostly shimmer and not enough pigment . i use tarte amazonian clay blush in blissful and this is just a tad peachier
exactly like on the picture if not , better . beautiful if you put it on with black background polish , like in the picture .
my niece will love this set . i got it for her knowing that she loves to paint her nails , so the colors are perfect for her .
you have to use too much of this conditioner to cover all your head , it is very thin and watery for a conditioner.also a lousy conditioner
you only use a small amount . it is so good . i use it twice a week and my face is clear and i have no visible pores .
got this set for my 17 year old she does nails they r great colors . big bottles for a great price love amazon
i recieved this and put liquid in it hoping to use it . i tried pumping it and was unable to get it to work .
i have not use this long enough to rate it . i keep you post it . i don't have a horse .
i really think my skin looks different now . i got the whole sequence of products , this is just one step , and i loved it
crystal or glass files are the way to go so much gentler on your nails and they don't wear out !
this is just what i was looking for to keep my hairbrush looking clean & new ! quick & easy to use . love .
i'm never wasting another dime on commercial soaps like irish spring , dial , or ivory . this soap gets you clean . i mean c-l-e-a-n .
i expect this to do more give the great reviews but i was not happy with the results at all ... stringy yucky waves .
it's a bit much for a dog , i should think , for a shampoo to smell so , so much like perfume .
works well on my wet hair . i don't know that i notice any oil in it but it is easy to comb my hair out .
took a few tries to get any color change . but i still like it . would recommend it to a friend and will continue to use it .
i really love this concealer it hides everything that i need it too , and its not a really heavy feeling concealer which i love ! ! :d
this is a great stamper , the only one i have tried but it works perfectly and i love the two sizes on each end .
great price and great product as well . i've liked all the st ives products i've used so far ... smells good too
this is such a great product used along with the shampoo it leaves my hair feeling and looking great
full coverage , lasts a long time , nice coloreasy to carry in pursegreat for a quick freshen up make up look !
love this liquid . thank you for sending it . took a bit to get it , but i was so please once it arrived .
this night cream is super rich and it only takes a little so it is econmical , too ! leaves my face extremely soft the next morning ! !
i love this color . it is a good color to wear on valentine's day , christmas , fourth of july , or any day for that matter !
just spray and comb through your wet hair without snags . leaves hair silky smooth . it has a nice light scent and a portable size .
brush snapped in half after less than two weeks of use ... right where the handle joins the brush head . would not recommend .
i really like this . makes face feel refreshed after first use , and if there is a pimple this mask will reduce the size and dry it out .
i love opi's colors and the names for their colors . i love the german collection because it's perfect for fall .
works great and matches my eyebrows perfectly . great find and very cost effective . better than $ 15 for a skinny eyebrow pencil !
all the brushes are great and come in handy , but some i have not used as of today . i think maybe adding additional brushes would be nice .
this is great if you are just messing around with colours and like to spice things up ! very fun and easy to use !
best product ever ! i don't think there could ever be anything that'll replace this ! if ur hair is damaged , try this !
they are pretty cute i love the size they will work good when its time to to spring time pop out nails cant wait to use them
this product made my hair very hard , dry , brittle and sticky feeling . i had to re wash my hair after using this .
a non-greasy well-absorbed eye cream that does the job it should . i'm pleased with this product .
i only use sigma brushes because they are wonderful and they get the job done beautifully and the price is reasonable . well done , sigma .
i use this cream in the evenings when i need extra moisturizing for my skin . the product smells good . it doesn't leave your face shiny or greasy .
creme of nature argan line just love this line of products for my hair i will be buy again and again .
i use this as a money bag for my direct sales business . it's perfect for what i bought it for and delivery was quick .
love the smell of this body wash ! i ordered more as soon as i could since its not typically available at local stores .
i have used this product for 1 year and works perfectly , i can notice less fine wrinkles ! i am 39 years old
i'm happy to buy a product that does so many things . it smells great and leaves my hair feeling and looking good .
i dont need to comment on this one.always used dove and the smell of this one is amazing.buy !
i love cnd shellac products . this top coat is the best ever and well worth the money spent to have a nice manicure .
i love wen , so i wanted to try a new scent . i don't like this scent personally . but that's just me .
love it for getting a good summer tan i've used it for a couple years now really like it much thanks
it is a very light shade of pink . i usually like a full coverage color so i put up to 3 coats on .
this tool is really good because i have long nails that make putting on lashes a pain . now with this tool , its so quick and easy .
fun sticker strips for nails , tons of uses for nail art . i can creat lots of nail art designs , price was cheap , shipped fast .
the price for this pack of emery boards is great and now i feel like i have an endless supply of boards .
dont buy it if u love yr money it notworth even 1 penny ... its a piece of plastic not able to hold hair its jst wastage
this is the best brush i've ever used . my hair looks better after using this , other brushes made my hair look and feel worse . highly recommended !
got this for my wife , who reports that she gets a nice , close , smooth shave . highly recommend item .
hard as a rock even after soaked with water & wipes off the makeup that your about to put onnot a good dupebetter off buying a beauty blender
love the gelish base and top coat . have been using gelish products for more than a year and am more than pleased with their line .
absolutely a must have item . i use this with my gelish products and can do chores or whatever while i'm soaking off product without difficulty
i could not believe i got so many nail polish for the price . all color are good and i use them . i recommend it to every one .
i love , love , love these ! they all come in different sizes so we're free to experiment with our hair styles .
this shampoo is great ! my hair is clean , smells wonderful too . i can see a difference in only one washing . 2 thumbs up !
great conditioner . moisturizes my hair without leaving a greasy feeling . has a slight scent to it . keeps my damaged hair feeling less crunchy
love this foundation . i am 58 yrs old and wear this every day . goes on easy and gives nice color and coverage .
love this product , it detangles easily and makes hair feel soft but doesn't have a cloying , strong or unpleasant scent .
great to uses with clairol bw2 powder to get nice blonde streaks where you want them . lasts a long time too .
good for acrylics.just make sure that you hold the base of the tip as you trim it to size . and apply acrylic before shaping with file .
this perfume smells good , but has no staying power . i won't order again . pretty bottle it will look nice on my dresser .
i've used nailtique for many years and it is the only nail strengthener , when used frequently , that improves my weak splitting nails .
you can get the same results by putting some tap water in a spraybottle . worthless .
it's light and gives the right amount of weight to my hair . it is a great leave in conditioner for my natural hair .
these little sponges work like a charm - i was skeptical at first but it truly does work without leaving any residual marks . excellent product .
i love the different brushes . it helps create different designs . i love it because i am able to create works of art with them .
i think this vitamin c serum is wonderful , after two weeks of use , i could see and feel the difference in my skin.absolutely love it !
this instant heat hot brush heats up almost instantly ! in less than 30 seconds i would say . keeps my hair curly . recommend !
since i have been using it my hair looks wonderful and people think i look younger and better than ever !
this is , indeed , 300 bobby pins . they stay in well and are cheap so i don't care about loosing them .
it helped solve my polish peeling issues ! it worked great i finally get two weeks out of my manicure instead of 48hrs ...
this shampoo is amazing . it has definitely amped up the volume in my hair . you need to use a tiny dime size amount each wash .
best ache medication i have ever purchased and the price is incredible ! this works better than anything i have ever tried at twice the price !
i gave this as a christmas present in a basket with other things . my sister loved it & asked where she could get more .
what a great set of brushes ! the red is so cute and so is the bag and for a great price !
i was not to sure about this until i put it over the top of gossip girl and it is adorable ! ! !
the color is ok , a little too pink for my olive tone . the liner goes on very gummy like , almost sticky . would not recommend .
i can barely see let alone use this mirror . the lighted feature is nice but the magnification is too much.very disappointed .
the product works and your hair will keep on growing longer and longer if you keep on using it . it just takes time
this is an ok mask . i love the smell . i recommend aztec mud though , which you can buy for $ 6 at whole foods .
these are really cute and i couldn't beat the price . i'll be ordering more i'm sure . they are tiny , but they look really cute on
havnt recived yet ... so many days ... and to expensive .. i hope i can get it soon .. and what i pay for it , i th
the cream smells good but way too greasy . purchased it to do twist outs on my natural hair . the product is too heavy .
hands down this is the best hair mask / conditioner for dry hair . worth every cent .
i don't know if this product actually reduces swelling but it does feel really soothing and i use it nightly
the best topcoat i've used . i use to renew my polish . makes it shine . also dries almost immediately . doesn't make polish mushy .
works wonders ! ! ! my deep acne marks were totally gone in a month ! definitely recommend to anyone who has trouble with marks
the scent is ok , the moisture is ok , the scent is strong , although i love the refreshing citrus smell . my cats hate it : (
this is my favorite smell ! it smells like candy and its half the price in stores . it last all day and i always get compliments !
they work great like they are supposed to ! haha i mean you cant go wrong with little plastic tips right ?
works well . my mom had one of these years ago . hers was a little smaller , which i would prefer , but otherwise a good product .
it works alright - not as good as some of the other products i've used . but there's never a quick and easy solution .
these are just wonderful . makes me feel like i'm actually getting all dolled up . lol very cute and easy to apply .
its definitely matte , i like it , it dries pretty quickly , it's what i was looking for i think , so i'm satisfied :)
this is perfect for my african-american kinky hair . it makes my hair feel like silk so i use it all the time .
this product is a great detangler ! i have long hair and it helps get out the tangles so i can comb my hair in the shower .
it's not the best but it's still convenient to have on days you want to be lazy with your brows .
liked shea butter for moisturizing it high ... smell did not like but it is good ... and many quantity .. and with high moisturizing
i only buy opi and this periwinkle color adds a breath of fresh air to my day . it is a very appropriate color for spring and summer .
this feel so good ; ; i wish i had ordered more ; definetly make your body feel smooth and silky feel ; a little goes a long way
this is a quality product it definitely works . but my daughter has beautiful curly blonde hair and now it is purple ... kids ...
these stamp great i havent had a chance to use them all but those i have used are very well engraved
it says young , cheerful , and get out of my way ! plenty of room with the four outside pockets and large middle section .
i gave one star to this product because i received just half of it , it means there was half fluid ... thats really embarrassing
great brush at twice the price . very accurate where you need it and handles dry or wet . i use this every day .
my hair type , very fine . was damaged after using this product . it might work for others .
this smells so great and have the hair so soft and manageable . i would buy over and over again for these results .
a must for glycolic acid peels . does what it claims . will purchase this product again .
it does what they said it would do and did the job just fine . what can you say about a crimping iron ? it worked .
i used to use this entire line , and it's like a cruelty-free , vegan proactive , perfect for my oily teen skin !
i haven't tried these yet , however i love the colors , and the price ! i can't wait to try them out .
the " hair " of the brushes are soft . comes with an apron that is adjustable . a plus that they are against animal cruelty ! !
frizz ease smooth start hydrating shampoo for extra dry hair by john frieda , 10 ounce is very good for my hair
bought this for my toenails and it fills in the ridges nicely . smooth enough to polish over but i wear it alone , looks nice anyway .
it's nail tape . some of them of hologram decorations on them . probably look good on my nails if i could remember to try them .
purchased for my daughter . she uses this product all the time and was happy to get it . well made and happy with purchase .
it's a good product and the price is fair . the only thing is the waiting but that's about it . makes nail designing easy and fun .
it covered somewhat better than some other concealers i've bought . but i probably wouldn't bother ordering it again . it was worth a try .
i love this hard to find product , it works great and doesn't break the bank ! perfect for low grade glycol in peel too !
i guess i thought this was going to be a smoother product but it wasn't . it's not whipped and its not hard like chunky blocks .
this is a really large lamp ... works great , and your entire hand fits . a foot would probably fit as well , but i haven't tried it .
it gives my hair amazing feather layers ! it's light and easy to handle too ! the only downside is that it's kind of hard to change the blades .
i read all the reviews and decided to get it . so glad i did because the product dries my nail nicely .
it just okay , but again if you can find something cheaper than this price it would be good :) it's still up to you ..
great pencil ! i noticed i spend so much time wasting the shave able pencils . no hassle or mess with using this eyebrow pencil .
i love this color ... it really " dressed " up my nails for christmas . it looks nice anytime ! i love vegas nights ...
this product worked great . highlights came out amazing . easy to use . it comes with so many things to help you .
very good for evening wear , cocktail party etc . scent will have your mate following you . has a calming effect on you .
it works wonderful . i have had allot of compliments on my nails . it stays on for a long time too !
good , easy to use , didn't leak through package . good deal for this product . will recommend to friends and family .
they are great quality and the size is just perfect for my acrylic nail powder flowers and the colors are just nice a lot to choose from :)
i was disappointed that the mascara does not wash off well . it just smears and then takes for ever to take off
i have only been using the eye cream for a few weeks and see dead skin rolling off and expect to see greater improvement as time goes by .
i love this product . it really gives my hair a curl definition and it doesn't weigh my hair down . very good product .
cute and gets the job done . just over priced lol you can get better at your local drug store . i did get cute colors tho !
this is a great collection i just wish i could of got the full size ones so i would have more
great product and doesn't irritate the skin . it's fun for body jewelry and other things that you would like to temporarily attach to your skin .
yes love the color . prices are great.am so glad i got them so cheap . since i got them i notice the prices have gone up .
they arrived on time , they cut like they are suppose to , and they are good quality . can't get much better cutters than that .
i use this as a primer under lighter colors and bold colors that i want to stay vivid . haven't had any troubles with it creasing .
this is a great mascara , it is very bold and it brings your lashes out . i will always but this mascara .
the rucci clear vanity mirror , 1x / 10x is an excellent mirror . there is no distortion and the 10x magnification is exactly what i need .
smells like juicy-fruit gum but that smell goes away quickly after applied . the cream is sticky , though . not sure how well i like it yet .
i'm not sure how well this works , i gave it to my nieces , but it is a fun product to have .
love these - all different sizes and colors . this set is different than the other sets i have . different shades .
like the product , but on mine the timer switch doesn't work . still like it because it gets the job done .
it fades the spots in three days and smells great . i use this four days tops and the marks go away ! ! works
this is a popular parfum in thailand . i am taking this for christmas gifts for a couple of friends there
this band is very cute i wore it to work today and got many compliments . vey cheap and pretty i am so happy
bought for bare minerals min veil , which was returned . so this i use for pressed powder when finishing makeup . it's perfect ! ! ! thanks amazon
this eye makeup is wonderful ! the colors are bright and beautiful . i would recommend this bold look for brown eyes .
love these lashes ! ! get so many compliments when i wear them . comfortable , unlike other brands i've tried . definitely will buy again
i have supper sensitive mature skin . this product works great . it soaks in and doesn't leave a greasy residue . my face feels very soft .
it's light and sexy , i love it ! i like elizabeth arden products ... my mom uses red door ... i like their other one too , called pretty
i like this . it feels good and relaxing , tightens pores while keeping skin refreshed . i like this and use it weekly or as needed .
i love love this natural color i pretty use this for the whole summer or pink that i order as well but i love it
this is the perfect mirror for make up . nicely balanced / weighted , and magnification.glad i bought this one ! can't go wrong with this one !
this lasts forever and i would highly recommend it . my skin feels so clean and fresh after using and it dries quickly .
they are very user-friendly and very economically priced . i bought the toenail cutters also and are a very good brand .
this is good lotion , it gives me a great color , recommend it to anyone , especially just to switch up lotions
my fingers are not fat but these things are very uncomfortable . also you waste too much remover filling them . i dont think it is a good buy .
i'll order more love this product really really do got it quick and in one piece no damage for a great price too ...
this nail art pieces were really affordable , they are really fun to work with them , i will totally purchase again .
these sponges apply make up and body paint seamlessly . i love the shape and how they sit in my hand .
the nivea for men lathers really well , smells great , and i would buy more when needed . i would highly recommend .
these brushes are easy to use and quality distributes acrylic liquid n powder on nails it was so goo i had to but another it is a must have .
works very well , a little too heavy for summer time but i know this will be one of my go to's this winter !
i love this product . it makes my weave soft and shiny , and it smells so good too . i will be buying more of it .
perfectly shine at night ! the gold is so glamorous ! now i have six shatters and cant wait to put them all on my nails ~ !
this will make tipping nails on life-size preemie and newborn collectible ' reborn ' dolls much easier . price was crazy low - and shipping time was good .
i could see the effects the next morning and after using the products for a month , my face is clear . i am so grateful that it worked .
these roses were exactly what i expected . i just wish they would have come in a container for storage .. " " didn't know "
got here on time was happy wit the way it was shipped loved the color n my face feels a lot better will reorder again
i love this so much thank u i got it today and it came quick and i love it just how it is in the pic i would reccomed this
i use this as the base for my at home oil cleansing method and as an addition to my hair oil deep conditioning treatment . it's great for both !
the product was received swiftly and in good condition but the pueen plates are such low quality that they won't hold the ipolish .
i can't live without this product . it is so moisturizing and it smells great . i use it in both me and my daughter's hair religiously .
this scent is so sultry . i get compliments on it often . i wear it both day and night , but favorably for night life .
light yet it covers and is easy to apply . this is definitely my makeup from now on .. try it for yourself
does what i need it to do . nice hefty jar will last me a long time . no complaints here .
i really like these brushes . it give the main brushes you would need for basic makeup application . great product ! definitely would recommend to a friend
this it is a great shampoo for mens than other in shops , this a good option and use it combined for best results .
it's a heavy formula that stinks really bad . after leaving it in for the recommended time my hair shown no improvement .
this kit offers a nice assortment of colors but the bottles are sooo little ! i've used 2 of the colors and they stayed on for a week !
long time favorite moisturizer . i love it . it smells great and wears well . also , it's not greasy or sticky , which is a plus
this liner lasts all night and doesn't irritate my sensitive eyes . stays put and makes my blue eyes pop . great compliment to my routine .
great value ! been using the same cotton swabs for at least fifty eight years . tried cheap ones , they are not good .
a little hard to work with , a little gritty , but it sets fast , and does not lift for two weeks . it's all good
this stuff smells terrific and it does what it says . i'm satisfied . it also lasts a long time too . love .
it is cute for the price nothing spectacular i am sure i will get my moneys worth out of it
after using this for a week my hair looks nice , smells nice , and there isn't a flake to be seen . what else could one ask for ?
its just as described in the pic ! it is even more beautiful in real ! i suggest buying this item . quality is very good !
i order different ones and i guess they all come from china and are a waste of money . i had to throw these away also .
this hair pick is very gentle on the hair strands . well made . one of my favorite hair tools . great price
it keeps my shadow and liner in place all day even through a 12 hour day of work . love it !
i love this body spray i think i bought four bottles of this stuff . my husband loves the smell . great buy .
this cleanser really softens your face . you can tell the difference after the first use . no moisturizer needed after use .
it was okay . it wasnt the best product . it smudge when u take it out and leakes out . i wish it was better product .
not my cup of tea at all . i hate the way it feels ! not good coverage at all . ive tried everything .
excellent product wish it has more in it , but it is excellent for it's price i would buy again and again
love love love ! ! would recommend to al my friends ! ! cant wait to do my nails and my three daughters nails ! !
its okay . i am used to blacker bolder eyeliner but this isnt as bold . i like it though but an not a fan .
vanilla sugar and cashmere are my only two eye shadows ! ! vanilla sugar brightens my eye area perfectly ! i can't be without it .
the plate holder keeps a mess from happening . this kit is awsome and i would reccomend it to anyone . :-) :-) :-)
i didn't get any use out of it . it should have come with some kind of instructions.the coverage is terrible .
when i first purchased i was so sure what i was going to do with these but now after several months late , i have yet to use these .
this product was just okay for me . the smell was very strong and perfume-y . not of natural lavender essential oil unfortunately so i won't be purchasing again .
these are ok for the price but constantly fall off the nail even after being glued on . i would avoid these .
made my hair kind of greasy , which is the exact opposite of what i was hoping for . the hunt continues ...
the brushes are okay . but the package could be better and it would be more usefull if there was a usersguide.but it's okay .
i didn't care for this product , i didn't like the gel , and i did not see any improvement in my skin .
love the pricing of the 2 cleaning heads , the packing came a little torn up and looked used . but the brushes looked and work great
i really was impressed by this product works great for me . i have told many peopleabout it and i have almost used all of it up . great product
love it very much its very helpful when design my nails.great produce and for a good price :) ! ! ! buy it
one of the few things i have found that work for white people with curly hair , it's not greasy like some other products .
i have been bejewling my nails , my phone case , and my hair barrettes . the color are great and the size is nice .
compact , chic and sleek the color rocks and so does the dryer itself . very portable and heats up very well .
feels like my hair is stripped after using this product . hate it hate it hate it . will never purchase again . something i need to toss .
love this fragrance ~ not heavy or overpowered ~ lasts long too ~ be very careful about putting on the cap however ~ can break
i feel my face tighter and it feels smooth and i like the smell i lam happy with this product
only wish there was a larger amount for the price but it does exactly what it says it does . overall i'm happy with it .
this one lasts me months longer than other tanning mitts . no rips or excessive staining . and the material is thicker , not flimsy .
got a good start with this for taking care of my hair however , my stylist thinks my hair is in very good condition . this product lasts .
these are great and looks very natural . it's a great bargain and i will definitely buy these again . i can also reuse each pair a few times .
this was the prettiest purple , dark lavender i'd ever seen . almost gone we use it so much !
works fine , but will require replacement soon . i only use one glove at a time , so i guess cost per use is ok.does it's job .
this has arrived and i like it so far . i have only got to use it once . thank you for this offer .
nice product for oily skin . first time use leave the skin nice smooth clean face and help for pore tighten .
i hate the smell and i am all about great scents . it felt more like it was drying my hair out than being much of a leave-in conditioner .
i would have loved some directions in the package . for instance , how long do you leave it on ? how often ?
the applicator for this is a small brush that works fine , however i use a larger brush by eco-tools for the application .
expected a fuller piece like the ones i had before . this one was not full and it is just a piece to add around your ponytail .
i rarely have any pimples but this cream made me break out . i assume because it clogs pores.it also stings a little , right after you apply it .
i have used it for few trims and feel that it doesn't pull the hair but rather smoothly cuts its .
great colors . good for travel you have everything you need on one spot . brought this with me to cancun and it was ahhh-mazing !
the ecotools fan brush has a great balance of density and flexibility ; it is also thick enough to do more than just highlight , which i appreciate .
i use this eye gel if i look tired and exhausted . it works wonders on tired puffy eyes . a little goes a long way ! !
what do you say about rogaine . i use it on my eyebrows . great concealed packaging . the price is at an excellent buy .
did not like this product . smells awful and it after using it i did not get that fresh clean feeling .
matte means matte and this top coat do what need to do in that wayand have the good quality the opi products havei like it and come back for more
a professional who did my facial recommended this and i'm glad she did . feels so great after i apply serum and before moisterizer .
this eye liner is really black so if your looking for a really black , black eye liner get this one.its really smooth too .
awwwwghhhh i absolutely hate the smell . i don't know hhhhowww people could give it a positive review . it is cheap and smells cheap .
i was trying not to spend hundreds of dollars for the more expensive facial brushes but i'm glad i chose this one . i love it !
i like this hair clip , it's very pretty and looks good in my hair . i recommend this.sincerely , mrs . rick
i really like this eyeshadow . this is a great value . it lasts a long time . looks nice when applied . i would buy it again
are cute , chosen because i like good but two pairs are equal in the box are filled , the price was good i highly !
doesn't do anything at all . it does keep your skin moist , but it doesn't correct anything . it's too expensive for not keeping up with promises
the product is good for special hair care , but i would not suggest to use the product daily since its strong effect .
i bought these brows for my teen because shes been having a hard time making her own thick brows even and appealing
an ok concealer , its pretty full coverage and can be layered without much creasing , will last if set with powder .
i love it ! i brush my hair out with this in the morning and go from bed head to beautiful .
i like this very much to use and i still use it to this day although i did purchase another eyebrow brush with a longer handle on it .
dries out my skin . no improvements noticed . it's just burn and traumatizes your skin , nothing else . it doesn't make it regenerate faster .
smells like fruit , stays on all day . no flakes / crumbles fall down . love this all natural mascara ! it is lengthening and volumizing
works great for a cleansing mask-i mix it with vinegar and water both-work better than those otc masks that come in a tube
great hair cleanser . a staple product for any curly hair . a little goes a long way . try it out and you will never get shampoo again .
i like the smell of it ... it feel nice in the scalp ... it's a little expensive but it works ...
there is nothing i have tried that compares to this shampoo.leaves hair soft for days i will continue to use it .
doesn't give you much color . i finally just used the rest of it on my face when tanning . wouldn't recommend this .
i have nyx cosmetics . they are affordable and very good quality for the price you pay . i highly recommend this set . beautiful colors !
i love the way my hair shines after using this conditioner . it is a wonderful hair treatment for dry hair .
i had been looking for neon colors for a long time but never came close to finding anything as pigmented as these are .
non-greasy , but very smoothing product . it helps with the frizz and makes for an overall healthy feel to my hair .
there is not a lot to say about a brush except that it does what it is suppose to and i don't use it all the time .
found this highest rated on consumer reports so ordered it . was not too thrilled with it . regular ones are ok too .
i usually just buy this at the store , but glad to see it here . made it much easier to purchase .
i rubbed this in to my scalp and it helped a lot with my dry scalp .
did not get this to work , tried and tried . followed tips from other reviewers but still couldn't get it to work .
i use a lot of essie products , i really like their formulas , this one does not disappoint , nice to have a matte finish sometimes !
my wife loved the shellac process we bought an additional dryer so my daughter would not have to transport hers from her house to ours
lots of colors and shapes . some of the gems were mixed but very happy with my purchase . would buy again .. if i ever run out ;)
these colors make the best bronze smokey eye . i would put those colors up against any high end palette . very pigmented ! !
this is a great product . i think it's actually helping my skin to maintain a blemish free existence since i've been using it .
i use this product twice a day-am & pm and love it . very light and feels great on my skin .
really good price . no leather case like in the picture . but overall good items and good quality . thank you . fast
colors stay put-true to the palette and dont disappear when applied . also the price was more than nice . i would buy again.oh , i already did .
this lip stain looks great and lasts a long time . not drying . color is good . highly recommend this product for sensitive lips .
i keep a few of these in my purse and car for when i need them . they work great and are easy to apply .
cute color but it is a thin polish so it can streak if it's not applied evenly . you're going to have to apply about 3 even coats .
its a good size for in the glove compartment and hand bags i like nivea products price is good any thing to help with dry skin and this does that
i love it and will probably buy this again . a little goes a long way though , a great value too .
i like this silver it stamps the image clearly , i wish it was brighter / more noticeable . it's more of a subtle design .
love this product and will buy more ! it really leaves your hair soft and silky . it's not sticky like some other products .
i love the studio brushes there really nice and do a great job love love can't wait to complete my brush set ! !
the standard scent for a wonderful product , my hair always fees clean and soft - this is probably the best shampoo i have ever used .
this cologne is really great for everyday.it ' s not overwhelming and it's probably a staple to lots of guys . it smells great and my girl loves it .
this dryer is a great device and works well . it's small and can easily be transported while travelling . it's also powerful and helps to dry hair out .
ok so im 63 and i used this and broke out with pimplesgive me a break terrible i returned it along with the brown spot which does not work
i did not care for the rollers or the fact that the lid is not hinged . just not what i was looking for ; they were returned .
the color is pretty and it stamped great but the color came out much lighter then expected . that would be my only complaint .
i used it with the aphogee 2 step protein treatment and it really helped my hair to soften up . i love the whole aphogee line on a whole .
organization is key for me and i really loved this piece . i am just a little disappointed that one of the edges was cracked and broken off .
i have tried many products , some very expensive , ponds works just as well if not better than most for dry skin .
i love this mascara because it doesn't run , smudge , or clump . it extends and thickens my lashes and i get a lot of complements . recommended !
omg i am sooooooooooooooo happy i bought this color since i am such a blue freak . i am sooo in love with this color ! ! !
inexpensive and works magnificently ! my dry feet were cracking and all but bleeding . two days and they're oh so much better ! perfectly satisfied !
pretty and natural looking color . i am very picky about what i use as some products are too drying . i want shiny , healthylooking hair .
i'm really in love with these products after just one use ! used the white polish for a french manicure and it looks great !
a little confusing that the bottle looks like the polish is probably white . the color is really more of a very pale opalescent pink . it's very pretty .
this men's soap is something special . exfoliating , smells good , moisturizing . i'd use it myself if i didn't need to give it away
a little bit goes a long way and i love using this right after i wash my curly hair . it's not too heavy or light which i love .
amazing on my acne-dries them up and leaves my skin feeling clean . i love the fact it has no harmful additives . great buy !
i bought 4 bottles of this stuff n it really works making my skin young n youthful and i love the smell of if . thanks
i only have been using the product for a week . i have yet to see good results . hope this product will deliver . thank you very much .
fast shipping , the color is a bit bright but i can mix it up with other colors and it looks great . thanks
i use this for my french mani and it looks and works great . couldn't be any happier with a product .
very good makeup remover , i'd like to use it , not too greasy , but after using the cleansing is very clean .
if this was the version with spf , i would have given this a 5 star . however , amazon doesn't sell the version with sun protection .
it does the job . however , many opaque white nail polish can do very similar job . i will recommend in other color .
i wanted the look of a glow but not a tan . this product is smooth and comforable and works well .
i bought these as a gift for a 10 year old girl and she loved it ! the girls used it at their slumber party !
this is perfect because it's not so expensive . it cleans my face , stimulates it and my face feels so good afterwards - a definite yes .
must say for the price put its a qood straightner ive only used it once so cant rate to much bht so far so good
my new favorite brush . i haven't noticed any shedding at all , even when washing . i intend to buy more face brushes from this line .
when you put clear polish over these fake plastic stones , they turn really cloudy and look very dull ... save your money and invest in the glass stones .
super soft brushes and small enough that they fit in your purse . they are labeled in case you aren't sure which brush is for what . very handy !
this deep cranberry-wine color so much i ordered two more bottles for the future ... never know if they will discontinue or not .
i don't like it . so sad i believe other review and but it without smell it first . the smell is for an old lady .
has an okay but manly smell . a little lathers up a lot . leaves hair shiny . does not strip hair color .
i'm a mua and these brushes are excellent ! have nice texture and are perfect for blending and concealer . good quality !
totally not worth the money . it is not even worth returning it . very disappointed for that much money . sorry but its the truth .
it is really cool when applying it , and i can feel it is absorbed by the skin , and it provides a clean feeling after using it .
i use this on the denman detangling brush as well as my other brushes . it does a great job and i love it .
this is good for soaking off those acrylic nails . i would buy again if need be . much more potent then the ones at the store .
this is now the only kind i use in my clairisonic ! i would highly recommend these to anyone ! cant beat clairisonic , its the best !
cute polish . great alone or with other colors . draws attention to your hands or toes when wearing it . my niece is crazy about it .
was under the impression that all essential oils were overpowering and kind of stinky but i absolutly love the smell of this
lottabodies setting lotion is preferable and is a lot cheaper , this setting lotion is greasy and leaves the hair feeling weighed down .
i normally use a beauty blender but i also love useing the stippling brush love it so great love love
just think the dior mascara black out is amazing and now i have found my choice forever ! no clumps and comes off very well .
wow , this really minimizes pores and oilyness , love it , thank you !
i like the way this defines and lengthens my lashes . easy to remove and doesnt bother my eyes . bought brown and black
this is an awesome way to store your nail stamping image plates . they slide in and of the pockets easily .
i love the lipstick . its beautiful ánd bright . its worth more than the price . good buy , great price . woyld recommend it anytime .
i love the way these look when i'm wearing them . i've had cheaper shadows but these blend well and make me look fabulous :)
love the product and it works great and no hassle using it . packaging was great and no damages to the product .
i only used these once . they do work but i find them uncomfortable . i like the the foil method better .
it could pass for black but it has a slight purple / deep red hue to it . very pretty color and this brand is great quality
i love this product because it leaves my skin in a perfect state . not too oily , not too dry , just the way it should be .
love love love this shower gel ! nice , light , refreshing mint scent . great big bottle made this a real bargain too !
wonderful moisturizer ! leaves my face silky soft without a trace of greasiness . i highly recommend for anyone with mature skin .
i love applying around my eyes . great fragrance . quality product . perfect for natural skin care routine when you want some added moisture .
this does not smudge . not in the least bit , not ever.if you cry , it stays put . doesn't flake off .
i have sensitive skin and am unable to use it without breaking out into allergies . i gave it to my husband to use as a foot cream instead .
works great , the top coat dries fast and doesn't smear the print . very nice shine , looks like it sparkles .
i love them and i intend to buy more . colors go on really smooth and vibrant.nice size for holding and using .
i like the tub it comes in . real useful and helpful to have all of the pins in one place .
i bought this for my husband who has close to african-american curls and it makes his hair shine and really helps control frizz !
i use this primarily on my legs where i have broken blood vessels , and it works beautifully . really great product .
this is a good product . it gives deep moisturizing for you and works very well . it was a good buy
i really really really love this perfume , it's authentic and it smells very good it's diffrent from others and inexpensive .
i wish i would have found this before i made several burn marks / dents in my dresser top ... lol . like like like ...
goes perfect with my frownies . smells great and does a great job of keeping frownies hydrated if they can be reused ,
awesome deal pretty great lashes for the price . package was a little smooshed but nothing to crazy and lashes weren't damaged at all .
this was awesome for the price . it is affordable and a great product . i will continue to use it and buy it online .
the inside on one side ripped so i only used breifly for about a week . wouldnt buy another one of same material
this is one of my favorite essie polishes of all time . it arrived on time and was as described brand new . great price , will reorder .
their all the same just different scents . if you like wen you shouldn't have a problem this one unless you don't like the scent .
as with the shampoo , this product just did not live up to the 5 - star reviews i read , although it was ok .
very well put together , professional grade , and cost effective . not much else you can say about a purchase such as this .
you can not go wrong with any kiehl's product ever ! amazing for deep cleaning during the hot summer months or after a workout !
this is a quality cleanser that i use before applying other motions hair product for a lusturous shine . highly recommended .
very glitzy , very glittery , and stays on surprisingly well . doesn't smudge , but will leave glittery dust on your cheeks if you're not careful in the application
this is just the right color and it is a great concealer and works well with my other maybelline products that i already use .
my hair loved this product . reduced hair breakage , helped with growth and made my hair so soft after each application .
opaque in two coats and it's subtle silverly white tone with lots of shimmer.not really impressive and i honestly don't know what to do with it .
wear this color every day to work . i get a lot of compliments and people constantly asking me what color i'm wearing .
much cheaper at wal-mart or other grocery store , but you pay for convenience ! smooth and as expected .
these are very good quality orange wood sticks . they are long and sturdy and the edges didn't fray or splinter when wet .
this product is needed in doing gel polish it helps dry out nail bed .. it's a must step and helps stay on better .
wish the oil lasted longer on my burner plate . i have to refill it after about 30 mins some of my other oils burn slower
between this and vaseline . guess that can be a good thing or a bad thing . my lips still dry out by morning so i don't like it .
this is a great mascara ! i keep purchasing it . i like maybelline brand in general . i would recommend , for the price and quality .
i bought this for my 4 year old daughter . i used to have to use detangler on her hair , but not anymore .
so glad i found this mascara , was spending tons on designer mascara only to achieve the same effect . wish i could get this in stores .
i used this every day and really like it . it sets my makeup and looks great all day . it doesn't cake up of look heavy .
i'm really enjoying these unscented bars so far . doesn't seem to be pore clogging , lathers well , cleans well and rinses well . no itching after .
for those touch up moments , it is a great tool . great price for a great quality product . like the rubber grip too .
i had no problems with the product . lots of art brushes . was what i excepted from the order and was sent out fast
lightly scented lotion , makes moisture more present in skin . absorbs well and not greasy or tacky
nyx cosmetics eye shadow base , skin tone is very good . and the color is fantastic . loved it ! is my favorite . i recommend to everyone .
olay , age defying bath bar is great for dry skin . it moisturizes great and lathers up nicely in the shower .
great quality and beautiful sharp images . i especially love the design that looks like waves or water . the thin lines come out really crisp .
the only thing i don't like about this is the smell . it's not terrible but it smells like cucumber . solid moisturizer .
i have natural dark brown hair with small amount of gray . this i a very pretty brown red , not that purple red that's so horrid .
when using the smallest amount possible , this blush was still very " clown-like " and hard to blend in . i looked very unnatural .
this lipstick was very moisturizing to my lips.it also has a great color pay-off.with the 12 color options , you have a lip color for every mood .
good product . matches less yellow skin tones better . helps to clear acne well . not too drying on oily skin , best if used with moisturiser .
helped with my hair , my hair is over processed but this is helping my hair go back to it's natural way . also helping thicken my hair .
seriously , this stuff is amazing . my face is never as clear as it is when i am using this regularly .
i love both of the attachments . you can't beat the price . i don't regret the purchase ! dries quickly . the diffuser is great for curly hair
this dries out the acne and is a very good product . i highly recommend this product . make sure and wash your hands after applying it though .
my hair looks clumpy and unclean . my scalp is itchy . my hair looks horrible , as though i hadn't showered at all . please avoid this product .
this is the best liquid eyeliner i've ever used and i love eyeliner , ive tried pencils , gels everything and this is the best thus far .
i really like how my hair feels after applying / rinsing this conditioner . it actually feels soft and moisturized.just what i need .
i like the brand and color it lasts for a long time and brightens up my eyes ! would buy again ! !
this head band is not as awesome as it looks in the pictures , but it is still very cute . i am pleased .
this not only prevented me from burning while doing yard work but after three months use , it improved my night vision !
my hair loved this product . reduced hair breakage , helped with growth and made my hair very soft after each application .
be careful how much u use , because it will cause a buildup , don't think i will purchase it again since my hair gets oily very fast with it
this is a nice , sheer color for gelish nails . you can use it when doing your french manicure , or for just a natural look .
i love this soap ! it really makes your skin feel clean in addition to the whitening . great price . just great all over .
this polish was way to thick and may have been sitting on the shelf way to long was not satisfied .
i think this is the best c serum i have ever used ! my skin looks a lot better since i started using it !
best wen product on the market . besides the wen remoist hydrating conditioner love this . it is extremely thick . keep adding water to it and rinse well
this is the worse nutra nail in the market , it does not work , the worse , do not waste your money
the applicator is tiny and doesn't really apply the eyeliner smoothly . have a hard time getting an even coating on .
the wig couldn't fit over my entire head & my head is average size , i was upset . it was terrible
the paint chips and wears off extremely easily , but i'm impressed by how well they are staying on the hair .
love this product and the price was good .. for the size of product it lasts a very long time and smells good
this is one of the best products i've found for very dry skin . i even use this as a facial moisturizer , and my skin hasn't felt better !
i use them frequently , and love the points for corners . thanks for the good price , and good quality sponges . will buy again
smells good , but not at all overpowering . i love that there are no harsh chemicals in this product . it has a lovely , moisturizing lather .
bare essentuals bareminerals skin rev-er upper is a part of my daily cleansing routine . bare minerals is the brand of cleansing products i use and love .
i got this for my daughter for christmas and she loves it ! it's really cute and works great ! it was affordable also . thanks !
nice bronzer , gives a pretty tan without any streaking . the fragrance is just okay , then after tanning it is really the same , just okay .
i loved the way this makes my skin feel . didn't really help with age spots but would buy again . thanks
this is a great product and price is great compared to what i'm used to paying for it at dermalogica .
great product smells good like nothing else you used before would and will buy again try it you will like it
looks very good on my hair and help me cover the roots when my hair has grow between colorations . i'll get it in some other color .
this is perfect for my irish ivory skin . i like that it's very light and sheer . i use it all the time !
this product did nothing to minimize the redness of my skin . my face had just s much redness after i used it and added a foundation .
nothing special about this . will not buy again ! it's one of those products that will just sit there and do nothing
i loved this color especially because it blends well with most colors and its easy to apply . i hope this review helps you !
these work great , and they don't break like some others do . they are also comfortable . i would purchase these masks again .
nice blue , i also have the red , the gold , the green , all four work nicely . i love the look , they are beautiful .
wow wow wow what a deal ! synthetic brush for less than 10 dollars ! ! ! a must have in my eyes it works very well
shopping through amazon is great ! there is no better hair products that i have found than wen ! ! wen hair cleansing conditioners are wonderful
great standard beauty product that you can't beat ! this is one product to order while the new ones fall by the wayside .
i have purchased several more stamping kits , but i always seem go back to my konad ! they never fail me !
doesn't rub in well at all so i can't use it on my face . i've been using it on my arms and shoulders . will not be repurchasing .
the peacock is beautiful and has great sparkle . it's much smaller than i expected , but i'm still pleased with the purchase .
excellent quality product , great palettecover so good dont have bad smell at alleasy to wear under the makeupfast delivery
these bows are so cute and stay on so well they don't snag anything because they're kind of flat . love
my brother said it lathers up nicely and he loved how it smelled , just like other axe products . so it was a bug thumbs up from him !
works just like i hoped it would . makes my curly hair perfekt looking ... thanks deva . again a great product ... will stick with it
use all the time . covers evenly ... color is natural . no greasy residue . can put on clothes immediately . this is a great product
great product and at great price , what more can you ask for . will definitely purchase again for family and friends
does the job needed , i use it on my maltese and it keeps his coat dander free and bright white
this is a my first time using nyx , and i love it.the color is verrry rich ! ! ! will order more colors .
i didn't like the smell and felt i could have found a better hydrating cream at a lower price . will not purchase again
this is an amazing deal for the money ! the colors are bright and the polish dries very quickly ! you can't beat this deal anywhere else !
good quality product ! i love it and i would recommend this product line to everyone who is in need of natural oils .
this brush is super soft but still applies powder to your face . i didn't think it would work well because it was so soft but it was amazing .
i couldn't believe how this really works . customer service also added a valuable coupon on the end of my purchase . i will defiantly buy this again . thanks
wonderful lotion , highly recommended by my dermatologist . this is very rich and moisturizing - - works well on babies and older folks alike .
each of theses boards is individually wrapped in clear plastic . the quality is excellent , and the container should last a lifetime . who could ask for more ?
it doesn't have much of a smell and definitely does not make you tingle . i would not purchase it again .
my first creamy blush , i through ti made a mistake buying it but this blush is awesome i love color the pigmentation and how soft it is
useful for rainy weathers . i usually pair it up with another mascara to make it look voluminous ! overall , it's okay !
not too bad . you have to constantly was them because they will get sticky but they do work well .
i love this cuticle oil . my manicure is not finished without it . i also use it every day to help mosturize my cuticles .
i just received this brush with some yellow glue on it and make it hard to be used . very disappointed . finally i returned it .
keeps my hair soft & easy to comb through after a shower . i needed something not too expensive & a good quality .
i purchase this to my daughter , i want her to start taking care of her face ! ! she can lives without it !
this is the best moisturizer on the market for rosacia , really takes away the redness and offers a lot of moisture to the skin .
dont waste ur money , enough said , best way for results is excercise and better food choices like they always tell us but its so hard to do .
this is a nice non-greasy broad-spectrum sunblock that goes on easily . it has a nice matte finish that evens out my complexion . definitely recommended .
i don't even need a freaking toner with this most of the time ! it's fast and not nearly as damaging as other types i have used .
it was a little big for some nails but very pretty once i figured out hoe to get it to stay
for the price ! ? what more would one want ! ? the brush is easy to use and does a super job ... does not shed once washed ...
i like this product . it actually did improve my facial skin and neck skin . it feels so light and lovely . i would recommend this .
i bought this to use with my derma roller and it just didn't do what i expected of this product .
this brush works great ! it's really soft , and i don't have to use my hands anymore to put on foundation .
i somewhat like this concealer it has some coverage not alot but i still use it because it covers some .
i have since cut my hair and don't use these , but they were great . didn't snag your hair and gave a great curl .
extremely high quality product . have used it on my nails , skin , hair , and even on rough patches on my feet .
all of the items were adorable and in great condition . love using these and even finding cute ideas to use the little glass vials once theyre empty .
it does what its supposed to do . very easy to use and the smell is okay . i would buy it again .
what a truly awesome smell , it is sure to get compliments . it is worth purchasing , i give this product 5 stars ...
every time i use this color on myself or my daughter , people comment on what a pretty purple it is . lovely .
i really enjoy the smell of the cucumber jasmine ! it isn't too overpowering . on super dry days i will use this as a body lotion .
very pleased with this purchase . love nyx products . exactly what i wanted . fast shipping . very pigmented .
this is so gorgeous . i will purchase it again for my sisters and my neices . thank you very much ! ! ! i really love it
very beautiful and the colors are so bright , great product and easy to work with . i would buy again . beautiful
i feel like my face is really clean when i finish with them and it means i almost never skip washing my face .
i bought this product as a mother's day gift and my mom has not stopped talking about it since . she loves it . i would recommend !
this is nice and stays in place for a long time , i would purchase this product in the future , it also came in record time .
amazing stuff ! prepare for your hair to dry 500000x faster than normal . smells amazing . bought more because i love it .
opi expert touch lacquer remover is wonderful , you don't have to use a lot and it remove the lacquer very easy .
i really like the color of the bronzer and how it highlights my cheekbones . however , the bronzer fades faster than other bronzers that cost the same .
after reading the reviews , i decided on this moisturizer . olay has never let me down . it is the perfect size and in good condition .
they are thin plastic and take a while to get however you can change out colors when you need to . work great for displaying nail colors .
great sunscreen for all skin types , especially sensitive , even young children . high spf and waterproof , goes on light and nonsticky .
this matches my dirty blonde hair perfectly . looks so natural , and the point is fine so you can draw individual hairs . very easy to use !
these are the best eye pencils ever ! ! you could not ask for better . bright colors , long lasting , and perfect under shadows ! !
the hair piece is alot smaller and you can see the tracks in which you have to move the hair around it to not see the tracks .
i tend to not like lotions because they can be greasy but this lotion is great , very moisturizing because of the shea butter and not greasy at all .
i really like this stamper it is nice and firm so it is great for to use pretty much any kind of nail polish you want .
this arrived earlier then time and it work perfectly . i like the fact that your able to lock settings and can adjust the heat temperature .
don't more than once a month , either . i get nasty hangnails all around my cuticles if i make that mistake .
excelent product , wipes away every trace of make up , it does really feel clean and soft , i definitely recommend it !
the smell is delicious and it's one of the few things which really makes my hair soft and shiny . it bounces now .
i get this beuty blender and it helps me by sperat foundation very willand i recommend it , , , ,
my face has never felt as clean as after using the clarisonic system . you have to use it to believe how good it is .
great product , reliable brand , i am very pleased with this product and it's fragrance . keeps my bathroom , smelling and feeling fresh !
the maybelline foundation is darker than i expected . whenever i use it , it made my ski color look unnatural . otherwise , it was alright .
makes my skin more smoothy and flawless with foundationand actually my skin pore disappeari used it only before foundationsso i like it
not as blue as in the picture its a little duller . therefore i didn't like the color . but came on time and in good shape
* i prefer the prox eye cream , though this one felt very smooth * it did not do much for wrinkles that i could tell
good as advertised . can notice the difference in my hair . makes my hair softer and shinier . very good item . will purchase again .
very blue ! i bought 2 different brands and both are very blue :) applying it over a base of black makes it look nicer though .
the osaka nail art dotting tools have help improve my designs . i am new at nail art and these tools reall help.thank you .
i am with the other reviewer on this one . you need loads of this before it even works and it makes your hair really dull !
my makeup fits great in these cases ! the way i can out my makeup by category makes my job so much easier !
i love the color of this red , its great . i love the sparkle the red is like a christmas red almost . great for valentines day too !
i use this to remove my mineral foundation at night , and it seems to deep cleanse really well . it's a keeper !
i like it . it serves it's purpose . does what it says it will do and i couldn't ask for my for my combonation oily skin .
love the colors .. i use them every time i do my nails ! i even use them when i have makeup classes in cosmetology school !
love this eye serum . have used for years . absorbs quickly and keeps skin hydrated and helps with discoloration . highly recommend
goes on thick and smooth , does not fade or smudge throughout the day . i love this eyeliner and would suggest it for anyone .
i ordered this curling wand for my daughter . she is very pleased with the wand and i feel i got it for a good price .
i love my clarisonic cleaner and this was a great price for two heads . i would order these again whenever i need them .
i have ordered this product before from amazon and i love it it works well with the other products that go with it iplan toorder more
this is a great color for decorating ... i got it for the 4th of july nails , and it worked great . love it ...
this foundation provides natural-looking coverage . unfortunately , even with a primer and moisturizer , it dries out my skin . i cannot use it on a daily basis .
great for any hair type and worth getting if you need a great hair product to use for everyday life .
my granddaughter loves this set she said it has everything in it she needs to apply her makeup this was a great buy
i love all the murad products . my face is glowing and smooth . very fast service also . thanks and keep up the work murad .
very nice fragrance ... its not too subtle but not too bold either ... a nice balance ! love it !
very smooth very i really can't tell if it's workingi guess i should buy the one with colors maybe that'll see a difference
they are small , but that's not the problem . the smell that they have is the problem , will have to air them out for a month before using
very nice and long lasting . my hands look amazeballs with this on my nails . accent nail looks great . so bright and shiny . good staying power .
looks nothing like the picture shown . very few of the pearl decorations in package . will not order this product again .
colors are fantastic for fall and winter , i would recommend this to anyone wanting vibrant and standout nails . i love anything san francisco
i was introduced to this fragrance by one of my customers . i get so many compliments on this when i am wearing it .
this color is not what i expected . it's darker than advertised , and made my lips feel dry . i will not buy this again .
i love this mousse ! it gives my hair more volume and a little bit of hold . this will be the only mousse i use from now on !
these earrings are delicate but really pretty when worn . i have had lots of compliments on them and they are just right for spring !
this is the best under eye concealer ! a beauty must ! does not tug when applied or leave the under eye dry
i love essie polishes and this color doesn't disappoint . it is perfect for a nude nail but gives just the most beautiful color ont he nails .
left my hair feeling weighed dow , dirty and greasy . i would never buy agian . it was expensive too . don ; t bother
i do not work on fake nails very often so having this clipper rather than using my ordinary clippers get the done done nicely in one snip .
i bought these to use in scrapbooking and they are beautiful bright colors . my 3 year old loves it when we do her nails also .
glad to design my kids nails with these great brushes . brought the fun back to painting my kids nails . thank you
i am not a fan of this product it doesn't smooth on well and doesn't do anything to help with my dry skin it's really not worth the money .
nice colors but the best part is how it stays and when it goes it doesn " t crease or flake . now i want to try other colors .
very surprised how many bars and how long they last love the feeling on my skin also smells wonderful . suprised
very nice cream . i like the moisturizer ... but it is teeny . the serum is good as well . i will order more .
excellent brushes well worth the money . had them over a month no shedding soft and durable great for make up artist
great brushes . dense and easy to use , and wash . great for putting on any kind of make up and making it look super natural .
good for detangling but still confused about the shape of those teeth , other-than that it helps to detangle 80 % of the tangled hair especially after the shower
the hair dryer runs a little hotter than i wanted . otherwise it is a good dryer for those who want a less powerful hair dryer .
this product is easy to apply . it will stain your hands so use latex gloves . it doesn't streak and i get many compliments .
smooth and creamy not greasy . perfect night cream , my skin tends to be on the dry side . but you can't go wrong with olay
i love this product . it really seemed to clear my skin , plus it feels great , and i have sensitive skin .
i fell in love with the little jars they came in ! they are perfect to see what kind of nail art you want to use on your nails .
this product always improves my skin tone and look - i try to use it on my legs and arms daily .
i've always been terrible with eyebrows . these templates make it much easier to get the eyebrows you want without messing up . no more uneven eyebrows !
didn't do anything . smells funny . overpriced.won ' t buy again . sorry i got it.don ' t like it . won't buy again
this product tends to be effective in most situations during the cold winter weather in restoring moisture to feet that are dry , but not too severely damaged
i love avani and will always use it ! i have never found anything better yet ! at this price i will always have it !
i love all of the simple products and they are very recommended by me . i love that they are all natural and i have already seen a difference .
good quality . super long so if your into that their good . i recommend using super glue rather than nail glue . they stay on longer . (;
this product is simply amazing and cuts makeup application time in half ! ! blends out foundation , concealer , highlights , etc . , absolutely perfectly !
has been helping with dryness around my eyes and fine lines . good quality product . would buy again
my favorite so far ! ! my skin looks and feels so much better since using it ! ! ( approximately a month of use )
really wish it would vibrate , it does help the swelling of my pregnant feet though , water does not stay warm very long .
this is the first of this type i have purchased . the colors are natural and look good on me . it will last a long time .
this foam adds a nice amount of volume without leaving it too sticky . i normally don't like using hairspray like products but this isn't too bad .
my 2 stars are my fault . when the seller states the are large hair bands they mean large . too big for my thin hair .
this is the only shampoo i've found that makes my baby fine hair feel full and it comes with the added bonus of being inexpensive ! ! !
this product is awesome and really works . it holds up well and it totally worth the little cost and wait .
i exfoliate my skin with this and it prevents me from breaking out and also gradually fades the dark spots . it's a great scrubber
works well will sting a little , but settles down and removes spots or blemishes that you may have ! good product for price !
i love this color by essie ! great spring color that is subtle and unique . wear time is average for essie's . around 3-4 days . would recommend !
works well and the scent is fantastic ! will keep ordering as long as the price doesn't go up too much .
this was so small . i stretched it a little to get it over my head and the elastic popped off !
i really like this nail polish . it gives my nails a nice , clean look and the color goes with everything .
i purchased this item because it was pink but its light weight and cute i think they did a ok job but it is cute
great conditioner , love the smell and does wonders for my hair . i mix mines with kanechom and it yields great results .
it smells old and stale . very unhappy . hope amazon gives me a credit so i can order another bottle of eternity .
i ordered this before i discovered salerm . is ok , but for very dry hair , it is not as good as salerm balsam stuff
this is a great lipstick . stays on perfect nude lip color for most skin tones . i'm very pale and my fiancé loves when i wear it .
works great . i could not decide between clear or white ... i chose white and it works great . i would recommend this .
had high hopes with this and the shampoo , but was not to be . read a lot of reviews for it .
my nails really took off growing--love this product--told my sisters about and mom--they also order--they also really like this product
this is more floral ( flowery ) then fruity smelling . i prefer the original hempz lotion smell , which is more fruity / coconut smelling .
the pouch is cute and convenient and the brushes work like a charm ! great purchase if you love makeup !
horrible ... just horrible . does not take the knots out of your hair and does not make your hair smooth . the worst i have ever tried .
it's good oil for your hair . it's too early to tell if it has produced any hair growth . i would order it again .
the polish came to me very fast & is beautiful holo color . came in good shape . nothing damaged . pretty purple ! ! !
just ok , no major changes noted on skin can by a little drying , does have good lathering abilities not sure about the whitening part .
i was disappointed with my purchase because these foam heads were the size of a child's head , not an adult . other than this they were perfect !
these are great - you get a huge variety and they are all super creamy and pigmented ! the packaging is super sleek too !
i just baught it to try and i believe i made a mistacke . i don't like sweet smelling colognes .. i made a mistacke .
again , it it nice to have things shipped right to your door and you don ' [ t have to go out to the store
every time i use it , my home-made manicure ( uv shellac ) lasts longer . 10 days or longer . i will definitely re-order . great product .
maximum retinol i can get over the counter . absorbs well , no smell and can be worm under make-up . i like that it also has vitamin a
compared to the fair skinned model hand , i am tan and the color still looks great . enjoy the product and the quality .
i use it as a primer sometimes , but most of the time i use just the liner and i love it .
i love this scent . my first time using this scent and can't wait until i put it in my mixes . i will order more later .
it's is kind of thick and i found it off in color . i like the mac tinted moisturizer much better !
love this color , which is a funky teal color . it really is a fun color and it is sparkly , which i like .
caffeine works as good as a cup of coffee without the acid , smell , and stains on teeth . bottle can be made smaller though .
i really do love this argan oil it makes my hair shiny and healthy looking . it also seems to make my color stand out more .
i was disappointed , it's not for my hair type . it did have a super silky feel to it . i should have read the reviews better .
bought this one for my mom , she said it caused itching and rashes , so she stopped . that means never again .
haven't used yet but are what i ordered . i hope to use them soon to do some halloween art on my nails .
loved this product . i have searched high and low for a really good corrector pen . this one is a keeper .
this does not smell the greatest and then after applying it and tanning i smelled like i had old lady perfume on .
using a gel brush you apply and build your nails with ease . no mixing and no harsh smells . works great with gelish 18g led lamp .
these work pretty nicely . you just dip the ends in nail polish and then dott your nails . i made my toe nails ladybug colors :)
i bought this and cuba red for my dad we like it more for him but he also uses this one.still would buy this again .
great color payoff and staying power . found a new eye liner brand favorite . will need a good eye make up remover to get this off .
this product and brand is amazing , a must have for tanners and fake tanners , everyone need this product , i love the color and the smell
they are not all of the same flowers they were different from the picture of cousre and not look as nice as the ones as advertised
it works and stays put . i spray regular hairspray and it has never come off in public , ever , even at the gym !
the top was glued i couldn't use it . so i have to a scissor to cut for it to open .
aphogee protein treatment is great ! use it as accordingly and you will achieve great results !
shipping was very quick . although i love the colors , the magnet that came with them is not very strong so the design doesn't come out very defined .
i was curious about the ha product . i bought to improve my skin texture and acne scars . pores look smaller and complexion looks brighter .
great color , great coverage . can be worn for any occassion or for no occassion at all . hot pink ; can't go wrong with pink , period .
the brush belt is made of nice soft and durable fabric that is easy to clean . brush belt holds multiple brushes and extra pockets to store brushes .
it works alright i guess . i didn't really see what it did too much . it ran out like very fast also .
love all of there products ! will purchase it again ! i've used this product for over a year and do see a difference .
i use it regularly and have no complaints . remember a little goes a long way in coverage ! a 3.4 oz tube lasts me over a month !
like the shampoo , this conditioner is great , my hair is so soft and full after just one use . i wish i could find it at local stores
this is good but was a little to gressy for me . i didn't like it too much but its did keep my hair moisture and growing .
essie make a great brand of polish . the color is long lasting and it dries pretty fast . you cannot go wrong with this purchase .
this is definitely one my favorite zoya colors i have right now . one of my favorite pink nail polishes . it is bubblegum pink and looks really pretty .
perfect . dark , easy to remove , great quality , cheap . one of the best adhesives i've used so far . also , it came pretty fast .
after a month this eyeliner dried out and the tip went flat . it worked great for about 2 weeks . don't waste your money !
nicer than i expected . comfortable hand grip . worked better than what i used from a local supply house . very good price
i love this product and i am very pleased with my purchase ! it is exactly what i was looking for , to add to my collection !
contains many good ingredients for skin . does not cause irritation or break outs . their grape water version did not work on me but this one is great .
favorite fragrance , so a purse-friendly version is a must . i love that i don't have to lug my regular sized bottle around , now .
good product . the only things not satisfied are that the circle of the product is too small for fingers and the product is not so sharp .
i think it's useful for your nail design , it definitely gives some ideas , if you find cheaper let me know , but i think it's the cheapest
this is a fantastic moisturizer . i recently learned that i can whip it and create a heavenly moisturizer . love it !
i like the color of this nail polish . but it keeps not as long as i want . i will not recommend it .
the quality was perfect as it whas been during the last couple of years that i have uses shany products . beatiful case and good colors .
ridiculously small amount of powder in this jar , couldn't even finish all ten of my fingers . completely absurd , and i would recommend not buying this product .
it works pretty good for that midday oil buildup that i get . it helps to keep my face from being shiny !
covers well but still lightweight , dries matte but not cakey . lasts all day , nice finish . you can layer it if more is needed .
this is a product i've used for years with complete satisfaction . wen products make my hair look thick and healthy . i'll never use anything else !
my face feels wonderful when i use this toner after washing my face . it's wonderful to find something that is so nice for the skin and affordable too .
very moisturizing product and it smells amazing ! it lathers up very well and is concentrated so a small amount goes a long way .
i don't know much about beauty products but i've been using this for a while . i'm confident that it is working well .
i use it in my mane and on the bottom of my feet and everywhere in between . it is truly worth the try . i love the stuff .
i bought this for my 14 year old niece for her birthday . it's fun and girly and good for that age group .
product works well for my's wife dry facial skin . she has been using this for a few years and is very happy with it .
i guess that i did not think it through when i opted for the 3.5 " item . would have liked a larger unit .
cheap pricing and does a great job ! does a better job than the beauty blender for less than half the cost !
these are really nice eye shadows . not super pigmented , but easy to build up . all the colors go very well together and blend nicely .
great color . sturdy . good sizes . would buy again . good prices . i dont know how they compare to others but i enjoyy them
i gave this product four out of five stars because i haven't worn it yet . but it has a nice sheen in the bottle .
kinda big for my nails but great for longer nails but you need to get the right kind of glue or it will fall off fast
does the job somewhat but not pigmented enough for my extreme scarring ( green ) . i do like the yellow pigment , but again , it's not great .
someone recommended this . its good . odd application but works well to keep eye shadows on for long wear . prevents creasing of shades
these are very natural looking with the exception of their length . i wear them to work ocassionally . they make my eyes look huge !
the colors very pretty but tends to clump - you need to apply it fast . i applied it over silver polish and it makes it pop better :)
he shaves his head and his face every day , and has tried everything out there . this is is his favorite , and a great price also .
received this item very quickly and it was exactly what the description stated . i will recommend this item to others
i've been using phytoceramides for a few months now & i'm afraid to stop . love the results & the price is great !
i really love this spring color ! it's the same quality you've come to love from cnd shellac in a modern , light , and flirty coral color .
receive in time , love the color and brand will recommend it to friends , use it all really it , friends like the color .
these brushes are perfect for nail art . all different sizes that can be cleaned and immediately bounce back to original shape .
good product . used it for years ... maybe decades . there is no better mascara at any price . gentle on eyes too . my favorite .
i bought this perfume as a gift for a friend . she enjoys the fragrance very much so thought i'd surprise her with it as a gift .
i love this makeup kit ! the quality of these products are amazing for the price ! this is a perfect gift for someone who loves makeup !
i am so glad to have gotten this plate ! i really like two of the 5 images and they work really well .
well made brush ! applies gel liner very well . well worth the price . shipped right away and arrived on time . lots of brushes available .
causes your skin to get light then within two weeks your skin gets darker than it was before you used the product
one of my favorite deep conditioners out there ! i have been using this stuff for years . it really makes the condition of my hair feel much better .
this stuff works . after 3 weeks of use my dark circles got so much better . i use it every night .
this is my first time using this oil . i mix it with different oils and a special perfume blend to make a great hair and body oil .
i bought mildew which looks great on my green eyes . the color goes on smoothly and looks very nice . i would recommend this product
this glove works pretty well . i thought it would be thicker to keep the high heat away from your hand , but it is thinner than i thought .
if you are looking for a sunscreen that will not mess up your makeup and still provide you excellent protection from the sun this is it !
i got it a day before christmas i thaught i had gave you a feedback sorry . it dosent work as good as i thaught it would .
i really like this stuff . it is definitely necessary to put on before you put your color on . one thing though is dont get it too thick !
love ! ... these come in very handy and are just like my expensive ones that i carry ! very good deal !
this is my go to nail gel when i want a soft , neutral look . it's classy not flashy and works well with any outfit you're wearing .
i don't love the sweet smell so much - but it works so great it doesn't matter !
this is very good to put into your bath for your skin . hopefully it will come back to subscribe and save .
i love this product as i do not wash my hair everyday because i dye it and this product comes in handy .
best organic lipstick on the market . good selection and lasting color . nice texture . goes on smoothky.lasts for several hours . my favorite !
this is my holy grail of mascara ! love the small brush that gets every lash . no clumping and it stays put until you take it off .
awesome polish . the color was so brilliant and when the sun hit my nails wow . i bought another one in another color .
great quality . and affordable price i highly recommended to anyone that's looking for a good quality kabuki brush ! also arrived quickly and nicely packaged
this lipstick looks dark in the tube but is a subtle plum color on the lips , i like it a lot .
the only difference between this product and aveda is the price . glad i found this shampoo and can save a lot of $ $ .
this works well with other stuff , like with a cream concealer or a really good foundation . i used it with their roll on , came out nice :)
perfect shampoo to keep the blonde blonde and not turn brassy . it is a great price , i just wish they had this on subscribe and save .
the nail tips dont even fit the finger.the finger is too small and hard.dont waste your money on this item .
this product is amazing . everything by the moroccan oil company is great . it did not make my hair hard or sticky . great hair spray .
the lavender version smells good . it feels good when washing hands . it's not harsh on hands . i would recommend it .
this product is great ! it helps with the drying process , it smells awesome and makes my hair look great even without straightening my hair !
the smell is quite strong and perfumey , but this product does not leave my hair greasy / crunchy / or wet looking .
read the description because i ordered the wrong size by mistake . i love the product but for this price you can buy a bigger size .
this works great for all my nail needs , dries quickly , nice shine , happy with this product , i would purchase again ,
this 100 piece makeup collection is perfect for creating a whole face look ! and its very convenient for its size !
the product works and is easy to use . it has a very pleasant smell and can be used everyday if wanted without leaving a greasy effect .
my first time for purchasing this product and i love it will purchase it again . i love this fragrance very much
love my lash i buy alot them all diffrent sizes look good on and look like they are real look good
awesome protection buying more must leave on your face 15 mins before going out in the sunand must re apply
makes my hair very soft and helps smooth it out - i also think it makes my hair dry much faster
easy to use , this l'oreal paris lineur intense felt tip liquid eyeliner , carbon black , i've been using it for a month and i like it
love , love , love it the colors are so vibrant and blends so well i can mix them or go night or day time looks.lol . kisses
this is a really good product . it is not that special , but as natural hair care products go , i think it is worth the cost .
so nice not to have him run out of razors .. he gives this set a thumbs up .. he hightly recomends them for use
very good concealer . light coverage . for the price , this concealer works surprisingly well and is comparable to more expensive brands i've tried .
finally something that works for me ! the amount of shimmer is perfect and it adds the perfect glow . very satisfied .
they are so cute and perfect for a quick fill so you dont waste your liquid and just adorable
theres plenty of different colors and alot of it i love this definitely purchasing again once i run out ...
shipped as described , affordable , looks durable , will recommend to friends and family . great to decorate nails , nice colors easy to apply
haven't used these yet but very happy with them . looks just how the picture is . great buy in my opinion
i bought it as extra clips for my hot rollers . worth my money than pricey ones at any stores in my location
i love it makes my eyes pop , and my shadow stay on longer . i'm sure i will be buying it again .
i've used this forever and always get compliments on how soft my skin is . this is a classic and will not go without .
outperforms ibd gel nails . allowed me to grow out my own nails with minimal damage . worked well with 36 watt uv light
dries skinlightening of the skin , very little but it works slowlyarrives in good time and packagingwear sun block is important
use it after i straighten my hair and it makes my hair super soft and smells amazing ! highly recommend this product !
i use the regular vanicream with a little argan oil in winter and the lite in summer since it is much less sticky but very moisturizing .
nails were weak , peeling , and brittle . now they are strong and long ! only downside is a toxic smell , like formaldehyde ...
this stuff works so easy and drys fast ! it comes off skin and counters easy but stays in the hair . great buy !
use with a light touch after you curl your lashes .. let dry well and then re-do the curl to tips .. and you will be amazed ...
it is a nice product but burned my eyes when i used mu normal make up remover . gave it to a friend who loves it .
works better than i thought - - also cheaper than in stores . ( not sure why i need to enter sooo many words ) .
i wish it was as pretty as it is in the picture but it's okay . looks nice with a beanie on .
man i'm loving this each and every day . i love it , love love love love it ... to all womens buy buy buy buy buy it
time to learn how to use these nail art brushes . i do know how to use some . getting creative and beautiful .
i love the soft colors when applying this product - the stencils are complicated to use for me , but i really like the quality of the colors .
these help the creations i do for every holiday have a little more sparkle and grad more attention , i think that they a glamour look to everything .
the quality is really good and its convenient . i love it ! ! ! it can wash my face really clean ! ! now i use it every day
helps the polish slide right off . the nice thing about removing at home is that you can soak as long as you want . this tool helps !
argan oil is amazing for your skin . i have been using this oil for a few weeks and absolutely love it .
i love this foundation . it is the best foundation i have ever used . it covers really well and blends super easy . love it .
this are great to practice on , and 10 of them come in this . its a great deal ! ! ! buyyy buy buy
really like this . i have very dry skin and this oil is light and dissolves in well . smells nice too .
quality product that has been around for years . it provides great moisture that lasts all day and i love the smell .
the material of the mask is indeed very good . however , as for the ingredients to moisturize doesn't appear significant . ;/
i've used other voluminous and didn't have a flake issue . this one flakes like crazy and i end up with flakes all over my face .
this is a quiet , very fast hair drying hair dryer . it also has eliminated frizz . this is a great hair dryer .
soft brush and i love bdellium , i have many brushes from this company and i m happy with them ... better than mac and sigma in my opinion .
excellent product , provides long lasting scent , beautiful bottle . i wouldn't have normally chosen something jessica simpson , but i love it .
every man should have this in their collection . i doubt any will find it offensive . just a pleasing all-around scent .
this color goes on smooth and opaque with good coverage . it's a very pretty spring lavender color . i'd recommend it .
it's a good product ... can be used by itself or mixed with any other hair product.just don't like the smell
read about it , and decided to try . very pleased and will purchase more when this purchase is done . would recommend this to anyone .
very good consistence to apply in blond hair , promotes hydration and frizz less . the smell is so good ! only the price is not good ...
i just love these kind of palettes that come with everything you need ; eyes , lips and face ! would make for a great gift !
it looks so real and its in amazing condition ! its so smooth ! totally recommend this ! ! <3 very happy with it ! <3
if i received any benefit or not . who knows , so hard to tell with products like these but i've used nearly all of it
this is great must have for gel nail wearers ! its so easy to use and works really well . will last a long time !
this takes the yellow out of home processed color jobs and saves a lot of money from high salon prices
love this dry shampoo ! it smells good and u can't beat the price ! i have used some more expensive ones and i actually prefer this one :)
works great . very dainty , which is what i needed to fit the itsy bitsy crimping beads over while applying feather extensions to dogs .
i've been purchasing this product for at least 5 years already and i absolutely love it . it's great for dry hair , no so much for oily .
a bit heavy on the skin , and not as effective as expected . kind of disappointing , since it was meant to give a nice texture .
it says about 5 mins , but i have been waiting for like 10 mins or more just for my nails to dry ...
great shampoo but the pump doesn't work well and always quits working while there is a lot left in the bottle .
this spray is very good for hold without unnecessary stiffnessi use it daily on my fine hair and it is long-lasting as well .
wasn't really assorted colors . just 2 colors yellow & coral but did come on or before the stated date . item was ok
i love this color ! ! the finished look is amazing . easy to use and good price . awesome texture and blends well
i am so glad i saw this soap while shoping for lotion for a friend . this is a favorite product , but not so easy to find .
i have tried the product for a while now , and i would say it does a good job in making your face feel smoother . thumbs up .
this is the best thing ever shipping came less then a week and it great so now i don't have to worry about losing my stamper when i am scraping
i find that this product works really well . also , my skin looks great when i use it . a plus - great fragrance .
seen very little results there are better things out there that do much better than this also it makes your skin sensitive to the sun always apply sunscreen
works fine , but i do not feel it is as advertised maximum strength dandruff shampoo . the original selsun is better .
it makes my lashes look so long and beautiful , i have gorgeous eyes and this brings my big blue eyes out !
i am so excited to be using this product i have really dry skin so i am happy to be hydrating my skin from both the inside and outside
i love butterflies and this clip is very beautiful . the picture does not do it justice it looks way better than the picture
bought this for my hubby's mustache and beard . it has worked well and has a great smell to it . great for dryness !
this was perfect getting this in a 3 pack , i will continue to get it that way from now on ! !
this is so effective compared to regular white polishes . it sincerely is special . i wish it is marketed in a much larger size .
this brush is excellent ! the fibers are sturdy and apply very well . the handle is easy to grip and handle . would recommend .
salon quality product . i live in florida and humidity is high so these products are a must here . this one works well .
gross and smells and tastes like the bottom of an old purse or like out of date liquid make up . not buying this again .
i highly recomended it ! always remember it only works 100 % with blonde o bleach hair . i love it because i am blonde
thank you for this nail tattoo sticker butterfly . i really like butterfly . have a nice day ! ! ! thank you very much
container was a fairly good size . it has a nice color to it and hydrates really well . :) would buy again !
my first time using stripping tape and i'm in love . they come in assorted colors and they look good on the nail world definitely purchase again .
beautiful colors wow , thousands of different ways to makeupmy nails is very easy to use if you find the correct glue
i love the different sizes ! there is so many sizes to fit any design and / or nail . highly suggest for anyone looking for dotters .
i loved all the pretty colors and the way they go on so smoothly , it was so pretty that my daughter wound up getting it from me lol
plenty of slots for your everyday color polishes . i also use it for my lipsticks and medications . great item to have !
i bought this but havent used them yet but when i do i will write a comment about the product . im sure they will work just fine thoe .
good foaming creamy effective cleanser , doesn't dry out the skin , but seems to clean it thoroughly , and doesn't dry out the skin !
this is not a bad oil , or a good one . i don't like it better than argon or almond oil , so will not buy again .
this made my hair even more dirty looking . i should have known because all tresemme products are horrible and cheap . you get what you paid for
i use this moisturizer and i love it . it works wonders for my skin and it smells amazing as well .
i bought this grease to mix with the sulphur powder.this is a good product to use for hair growth.my hair is soft and shiny.my edges are much thicker .
this does hold my hair well but the smell is terrible . i am not sure if it is worth buying again .
five stars for this hair jewelry ! it arrived before it was due . it's a good quality . fashioned to handle even thick hair . looks so beautiful !
that may sound like a bad thing but i am most satisfied when i get what i pay for . great set .
i love the fact that the olay total effects helps me with the signs of aging and comes at a great price .
two big jars of vaseline came nicely packed and for the price , these were very impressive . would definitely buy again , no complaints , received quickly .
my dermatologist recommended this product . it doesn't clog pores and feels dry to the touch after application . no sticky sunblock feeling .
very beautiful color i have always had great experience with harmony gelish polish . i will be back for more colors . thanks harmony for a great product .
this is a great product , works great , not greasy or oily . takes makeup off great and the bottles has lasted me a long time !
love this product . it is cheap and it lasts a very long time and most importantly , it cleans you face !
i love this hair remover its easy to use and the price was amazing i would recommend this hair remover
love love love . everyone compliments this headband on how cute it is . works great with hair in ponytail or down . great price to boot .
nabbed this one for my husband , love that dove's doing products geared towards men since he likes how moisturizing mine is but doesn't like the girly smell .
its nothing special , just an okay moisturizer , i may try their lotion next , thats supposed to be good , but this i would not repurchase .
i was hopeful , but then i tried it . it might work but it's perfumed so i can't use it . sorry .
wife says it works great and when momma is happy all in the home is happy including the doggie , and hubby too !
i like the candle too and the sampler is a good idea too . i just have to try them all .
for my fine curly hair . i will order these again , when i inevitably break or lose these . i use them almost everyday :)
i really like this but it is a lot of money for how much you get . switched to the serum
this bronzer looks great on me . it gives you a really nice glow . i highly recommend it to anyone that wants a bronzer .
this smells just like fruit punch with a kick . the bottle is very elegent and the bottle is huge ! 5 oz . will last you forever !
i like this conditioner . makes my hair soft . i don't like the bottle though ; it's kind of a boring design .
it may be better for people with dry skin . people with oily skin like me should really avoid this.it caused me severe pimples
bought an at home microdermabrasion machine , i use this after i use the machine . it does help balance skin nicely
got this for my makeup and i love it , its clear and i can easily find anything , even got one for my sister
beautiful set of stamping plates ! i am so glad that i purchased these ! they stamp clear and transfer on to nails wonderfully .
i got these for my daughter , she loves them so much . they are a must have !
i used these to remove shellac nail polish and they worked really well . they are exactly what you would expect .
this is great for making your own skin care products--it does come with a bottle cap , although that is not pictured
thought i'd try the " choice " mattifier and not impressed . dr brandt pores no more far superior . just this esthetician's opinion .
decent for the price but for a back brush i would like stiffer bristles than this has . handle can be a bit slick when soaped up too .
these nails are white , not natural like in the picture . but i use them as my display nails for my nail art designs .
these brushes are really handy . i actually brought them cause i needed to clean my laptop around the keys and these are perfect !
i love this product , because it combs my curls nicely and it does not break the hair off if it is done properly . great product .
this is very handy when it comes to cleaning up the edges of the nail . it's also great to use for nail designs .
i loved it ! i use it daily , and will definitely be buying again when this runs out . thank you very much .
i use it just about every single day . works well but my hair is dried out after using it . i will order something better in the future .
very happy in general with all acne.org products . this moisturizer is light and my skin absorbs it with no problem . skin feels good throughout the day .
smells amazing and makes my hair soft . i don't know why iever try any other shampoo . amazon carries it for cheaper than the beauty supply store !
a lil pricey ... but more often than not ... your favorite product is bound to be pricey . its honestly the best bar of soap ive ever used .
the colors are very very light ... maybe with 10 coats you can receive the full color and they do not glow in the dark ... totally waste of money
goes on perfect ! ! ! its a nice light color but shows great ! ive used almost every shade . came sooner then the estimated time ! ! !
good remover but my hands and cuticles are a bit dry afterwards , since i change my polish regularly . good value / quality ratio though .
i bought this for my face because i love olay product and i have never had any reason to doubt their product .
i love this product , i have been using aminogenesis face wash for 4 years now and the new formula is even better .
magic in a pallet ! naked 2 has colors that suits a night out or smokey looks more than the original naked which is cool
great ! i made so many really cute nail designs with it ! ! a must have for any nail art fan definitely !
the color is nothing like the product picture offered by seller . plus , it is not as thick as other essie product i have used before ...
although a bit heavier than other hairdryers , i love this thing . it dries my hair super fast and leaves it much smoother . great product
not to sure about this yet . helps a little i think , but i am not very impressed since it was so expensive .
i love love love this set ! ! i dont know how i ever lived with out them ... get this set !
so loving the colors and i have yet to learn whitch brush is for what . cant wait to actually use it
this one actually works on my hair ! this is the first one the make my hair feel shiny and soft !
this case is great for my make-up . it is big enough to put everything . it comes with a black strap .
i really love shine things and this is really good i havent use all this rhinestone but are really beautiful and love it .
this shampoo has significantly decreased the buildup in my hair after only two uses . i would definitely recommend it for the price !
highly disappointedupon receiving this product . there were not 2400 rhinestones as was stated . its really a rip off . i don't reccomend spending money on this
i highly recommend this product , to all , for blemishes and i also recommend rubbing raw honey afterwards for the scarring .
i love the smell and how it leaves my hands so smooth and soft - - i will order more of this for the price is right
soooooo excited to use this in the summer ! ! have not used it yet but i usually love anything from opi !
it comes out way too soft . i have to go over it about 3 times to get a bold look .
okay product .. i don't know if i like it yet .. i'm a big fan of the clinique toner so ..
not a fan of the gelish products but got this to start my gel kit - it works , does what it's supposed to do .
olay regenerist deep hydration regenerating cream facial moisturizer really works great on my skin . i would recommend it . thank you .
i liked this product but i didn't notice any difference in my skin . it did go well under my makeup . but no visible difference in my skin .
great summer color , very pretty red , bright cheery , not gaudy , or to much . i am a big time fan of colorgirl outlast
does not curl lashes as wellgoes through batteries too quicklynot too impress on holding it down to heat curler .
purchased for my daughter at christmas time . i was very happy with the quality , price and packaging . i would purchase from them again . very pleased .
bought this to use for acid peels , and it works great . lightweight , fine fan brush applies evenly and doesn't fall apart .
love the coverage this foundation provides . i am very picky when it comes to liquid foundation , and for me , this works wells .
i have been using this cleansing gel for about 2 years and i am sticking with it . it's definitely my favorite . i recommend it .
love this scent . reminds me of poison but less costly . my 2nd bottle .
this cover is so pretty , cool , and comfortable ! it washes nicely , and has the added benefit of pampering your hair .
i'm just trying make up so this lipstick was a bit bold but if you buy a lip pencil too it would be a better buy together
love these . my first set of brushes ever ; have been a tomboy for a long time . these are very soft !
elephant walk is a cool color , its more sparkly than i expected but i love it . got here really quickly .
awesome product . i have to use it every other day because my skin is sensative . it still leaves my face feeling clean and refreshed .
i love dominican hair product . i use this leave in , after the bambu hair treatment . it makes my hair shiny and looks healthy .
the adhesive is not strong on this strips so be warned . they are inexpensive but they are difficult to work with if you're not experienced .
seems to hydrate and add shine to hair , which is especially helpful in dry climates or when using a hair dryer . works quickly and lasts .
i bought this for a friend as a gift . she loves it . the color is nice and essie is a good brand of nail polish .
my skin feels so soft and smooth . haven't used this for decades , but i'm back . works so well .
so beautiful , works great in the hair with a twist brades ect . worth very cent , dresses the hair up for any ocation ..
great deal . smells amazing . my skin feels so soft . soothes after tan . i can't find anything negative to say about product .
a great tool . now i can do salon level affects on my nails without paying salon prices . easy to use , easy to clean .
the palette is durable and works well with the skin complexions . they blend easily and without too much rubbing . awesome
i love the scent of this perfume , it's very unique and seductive . heat lasts all day and is just perfect !
this is a really good product . my hair looks and feels better between washes , and it also gives it more volume .
this is a good spray bottle . it does what i need it to do . it sprays good and has a nice design .
these tutorials from bare minerals are so helpful . this is a tough look to do right , but the instructions and the brush provided make it easy .
it is a great product . it is gentle yet powerful . it degreases well with out over drying . i actually use it on my face occasionally .
these are easy to use . i trim my dogs hair with them . they love that it's fast and so do i .
this shany product works great ! there are 4 uv bulbs inside to cover any angle of your nails . i would recommend this to anyone !
excellent quality . 3 in each pack . comes in three colors : purple , pink and blue . pretty sturdy and a good size .
never in my life what i have paid so much for a freaking clipper , well the company that makes this product also makes samurai swords ... nuff said !
i really like the soap . it rinses so clean . i use it on my body and as a shampoo for my hair .
i have fair skin and am always looking for a red that doesn't look like too much on my lips . this works perfectly !
i just received this little metal studs today they are good for whats made for and i will be trying them on my naills
these are very convenient but in all honesty just using aluminum foil and cotton pads work just as well and are a lot cheaper .
i use morrocanoil conditioner , thought i would give this a try since it has argan oil , , smells nice but didnt conditon that great . dissapointed !
very platinum blonde . very stiff . looks very wig-y ... the bangs are down to my chin . i was very disappointed when i opened the package .
i may just not know how to use the brush , but i definitely don't reach for it , ever . seems legit though
wonderful color ! all my clients love this as overlay on any color or just an accent nail . good for artwork also .
love using this to make my natural products for skin and hair . its not too thick nor runny like other glycerines i came across
i bought this set and was surprised with the quality of the brushes . great set for doing your own nails .
i absolutely love the scent and the feel the silkiness it leaves i have never been happier with a product .
i loved this and it's the best i've tried . keep in mind i don't wear a lot of makeup with it , maybe some concealer and primer .
i used this in cosmo school and fell in love with it years ago . even my husband uses it just to rub into his nails and cuticle .
it works for clearing the nails . you have to be patient with the product as it begins the whitening process .
i want all pencils made by urban decay . they are extra creamy which i love and they glide on and the colors are just wonderdful
i live for thick and dramatic lashes ! this was something i just had to get because there reusesble and they last depending on how you care for them !
had fun using it for nails , art projects , home decor ... etc . going to buy more . transaction easy and storage case is convenient .
easy pretty shimmery lines .. its a nice kinda gold .. its not too extravagant and it works . i will recommend it to anyone who like sparky things :)
the secret is to not use too much ! i think that it helps your foundation last longer and be smoother than without the primer .
the lotion worked but ... i didn't go three shades darker in one session . also , the ato is terrible especially if you sweat a lot during tanning .
this product arrived on time , but had a damage pump to one of the bottle . the oil is amazing . it does make your hair shiny .
i love this brush , perfect application . need to buy more and use for all my shadows . perfect size weight and great for strokes
over all product is good . a bit thicker than what i usually use . will be definitely using it during the winter months .
got my package last week and cannot wait to get some time to myself to be able to make up my new nails designs and try the brushes out !
this product does work . i purchased it for my wedding and i looked amazing . no bags underneath the eyes at all !
my daughter and i have tried just about every mascara product on the market , but we have always come back to maybelline mascara .
i ordered this glitter to use as eye shadow and it works very well it's super fine and looks awesome on .
for the price this is really worth it , it is a beautiful color and looks great doesn't hurt or squeeze use head ! !
its a great brush set i used them almost everyday they are easy to clean and are stredy so far
if you want to dress up your bun or up do this will do the trick . finally hair jewlery for long hair !
this was a beautiful piece . however it could not close making it unusable . this would have been a 5 so sad
garbage . had no suction after 2 uses , returned mine and thankfully got a refund . did not even come close to performing as its described .
cleanses and soothes the skin . very affordable and best of all ... it works . one of the best facial scrubs . a little goes a long way
great value and packaging . this is my husbands favorite cologne and we are always looking to save a bit when buying again .
a lot of stones in a tiny little package ! these are beautiful colors and looked great for what i bought them for !
makes my hair feel shiny and smooth and i luvvvv the smell . its very lightweight so it does'nt weigh the hair down
i bought this for a gift for someone . they absolutely loved it . i would buy more . well worth the money i paid for the set .
so beautiful on and tons of product . all my friends went and bought it after they saw me wear it !
this brush is great quality at an amazing price . will recommend this product , and similar products to everyone ! will be purchasing similar products immediately !
i love all of the colors in this mini set it is awesome i completely recommend it to any body
this is the best shower cap ever ! ! ! luvs it ! ! !
it is a good product . leaves hair silky soft , only need a tiny amount , smells good and doesn't attract the bugs . love it .
this is the oil for you if you love the sent of rose.just a small amount is needed . mixes well with myrrh & patchouli .
i think this scent is awesome . citrusy-fruity . just sublime . i count this among my top 3 ( along with armani mania and azzaro chrome ) .
for the price these were awesome ! i would have probably paid a tad more for these lashes , they worked ! cool
another great polish from the cirque collection . goes on smooth and looks great if you add on whirled away . good buy .
i bought this as a gifts for family members and friends so i cannot rate this product at this time .
it is a very nice aroma , very light and not overpowering , feels wonderful after a shower mixing with your cream
this towel made a difference with my curly hair - - it helped contain the frizzy hair ! ! my curls are looking much better .
this straightener is wonderful . i have wavy hair and it is perfect , you can adjust your setting well and have a lock setting .
i bought this for my sister-in-law for christmas and she loved it . it smells great . i think that it was a good value for the price .
these beads are simple to put on . i can do different designs on my nails with the plastic beads . thanks
the concealers are great ! i wasn't sure what do do with the blue and purple ones , however .
it's a nice little cheap set and the brushes are pretty sturdy so it won't bend easily which is good if you have thick hair .
i purchased this product awhile back and love it . it helps me make a perfect poof look and there is nothing to it ! highly recommended !
i have very dry skin and nothing completely nourishes it like this body butter . i buy it in bulk , constantly .
i love tht the dotting tools are different sizes and they work great and love tht they have a nice handle too
love the wide teeth ! fits nicely in my hand even when i use it in the shower , it doesnt slip out of my hand .
this power really light up your face in a good way ... looks awesome someone told me about this power and i am glad i listen
such a great deal for the amount of nails you get . perfect for nail art or to do false nails for yourself .
makes your skin very soft . not oily or heavy . i like having my sunscreen in my moisturizing lotion . i also us cerave pm lotion .
better tan what i thought it would be , great color and went on very well . i would buy again with out hesitation .
he said it did absolutely nothing for his skin condition . he does not use it now . waste of money . he has eczema of the scalp .
i got the nail art tape . i will try out ways to used it on my nails . i should be fun .
i like neutrogena products and i do like the face lotion . i plan to order a night cream which i'm sure i'll like as well .
i like the color scheme with my brown eyes . it stays where i put it and doesn't get dull looking after several hours of wear .
just discovered this product . it is creamy without being greasy . i put it on most nights . the other nights i use alpha hydroxy lotion .
it really did nothing but weighed down my hair . it smells really good , but that's it . i just threw it away ... disappointed ...
i have been using liquid eyeliner for sometime now and have tried all kinds of brands . this one is really good and priced well .
i did not feel this did anything to keep the color bright . i think its a gimmick . just use what you got . don't waste your money .
excellent product ! it really helps to set my concealer and keeps it in place all day long ! the product arrived on time and in appropriate packaging .
i use this for my dry brushing and it appears to be working . bristles are firm but not painful against the skin .
it is a fine concealer but not particularly fantastic and did not reduce the dark circles under my eyes any more than normal concealer .
love this product ! smells delicious and made my skin look amazing ! i recommend this if you ever think of self tanning .
i'm currently exploring eye primers . this one is not my favorite . it left a crease after a few hours . not the worst i've come across though .
now i can do my own designs with these rhinestones . the price is right much lesser then the stores . it just tooka while for delivery .
i love this color . essie polish is my favorite because it lasts a long time and they are all great colors .
don't bother with this . facial exercises better ! ! ! i should be able to rate how i want with minimum amount of letters
perfect color for my pale skin . blends really well , and it's not too noticeable like some other pinks i've used in the past .
i love this . it moisturizes without irritation or leaving my face greasy . its the only one i have found that doesn't irritate my skin .
this really works ! ! ! wow , five stars do not do this product justice . what a difference a day will make when you use this product .
looks so cheap just buy at the shopnot working wellwaste money to buy this stuffdo not buy here
haven't used these yet but i can't wait too . i love the colors and look forward to using them . excited !
my most beautiful wife ( 59 years old but looks 35 years old ) loves olay products and it shows 24/7 in her radiant face . highly recommended .
i purchased these brushes for my hand painted nail art and they work great . i am very happy with my purchase .
i couldn't find the fragrance free kind in this same brand . but at least this has no dyes in it .
this is a good color to wear when you want to show off your funky side . but definitely not your typical color .
i like how it feels and smells . i am not sure about the efficiency of the detangling though . i must try again and update my review
very nice brush and it is sturdy . the brustles are just right . the handle has a nice length and makes skin brushing very easy .
i like the color but it looks more green in the bottle when you get it . on the fingers it looks amazing though .
i don't know if the product works or not . the pump did not work and although it was sealed it did not appear full .
it is not what i expected . sorry i purchased it.hard to remove ; color not dark enoughhard to get off because of the glitter
great color the polish applies great it arrived in perfect condition love it . it's a beautiful black green with sparkle !
i didn't understand the hype at first , but i love it now ! doesn't wash me out like typical white finishing powders !
but does not deliver everything promised . it's an ok cream , but i rather use it something that helps me maintain a more youthful complexion , like artistry .
i love it and it exceeded my expectations . it is smooth , natural looking and a perfect match for my coloring .
it's a good powder . goes on great . i just bought the wrong color . the picture looks different then the color really is .
my daughter luvs this scent . i bought it for her for her birthday in feb . but i know she will be excited to get it ! ! !
did not like it was heavy and really just did nothing was expecting something much better just would not recommended
these stones are very pretty and also colorful but i these rhinestones are a bit bigger than others i have purchased previously
smells ... like the beach and feels nice and smooth and bubbly . works good in my wall mounted soap holder in the shower .
great sponges . i realize they arent the real thing but they work great ! i like to get mine wet alittle and than apply make-up . blends great !
this brush is very dense and soft , great for those days when i need a little more coverage . shipping was fast . :)
not too thick or greasy . penetrates into the skin quickly and firms . does not sting or leave the skin shiny
one of the best qualities of this sunscreen is that it does not each off immediately when a person goes into a pool or the surf
i carry these when i travel . they do a great job cleansing , and are very mild pleasant aroma . they leave your face feeling very fresh .
it was my fault , i ordered something i hadn't tried before ... color isn't for me . but the product seems a quality product .
the microdermabrasion is the best defoliant i've found and i would buy it more often if it wasn't so expensive
i didn't see much of a change in my lashes so i used it on my eyebrows as a conditioner .
i am a fan of dermalogica product . very nice result on my skin . i use this once a week since i use microfoliant on daily basis .
i was able to paint my nails in my bed and on carpet , so i am impressed ! too , these were super cheap !
this works amazingly ! thin coats that are very easy to apply , i think i may like this more than seche vite !
this soap was fragrant and soft , i bought it as a part of a gift and it was a nice little addition at a nice price .
this makeup is getting so hard to find ... thank goodness for amazon and their auto ship program ... i never have to search for it any longer !
i love liquid eyeliner and this product ran out so fast - glad it came in a pack of two at least .
my eyes feel so moist and my lashes and brows have a nice sheen to them . you do notice some growth after regular use .
great product . all other sunscreen products have irritated my eyes when applying to the face . as the label declares , it is non-greasy and is quickly absorbed .
i got a poppy pink cutter . not what the pictures shows . false advertisement .. not good . will not be ordering again
stiff , stiff hair . do not like or would recommend . love their other add-ins . the oil is the best for shine and no oil feel .
this sunscreen is pretty good i use it everyday . the only reason i didn't rate it a 5 is because it leaves your skin oily .
leaves hair with nothing to offer , no changes , no special moisturizing , no overall changes at all . not worth the money .
this stuff smells great and really works . however i have super long hair and i truly only need the tiniest dab of serum .
i purchased this for my mother , and she absolutely loved the color , texture and quality of this product . very nice .
i am always happy with olay products . i knew exactly what i was purchasing . i know that most of my friends also use this cream .
i really like my.blue one ! i want to get more . they're definitely.fun to play with and affordable ! i would recommend.these !
they work well . not as sturdy as their other bands but they get the job done . will try the other size next time .
this is a really nice white . pure white . covers well . i use this for my french manicure all the time . love it .
liquid is black as black . pencil is okay but smudges easily . i use this for evenings out and the liquid lasts forever
i didn't expect too much but this product is awesome ! i am very satisfied with my hair and i can't stop touching it . fantastic !
this is a much more orangy color than i thought it would be ... nice lipstick .. not sheer , not heavy . seems to provide good moisture .
it helps apply the foundation beautifully and its very soft to the face . i'm a makeup artist and i love it .
very nice and natural looking lashes . they look very much like my own lashes so no one will notice that i am wearing fake lashes . try them !
i like it because of it being hyper genic ... much better for my eyes . it had a very smooth applying action .
great shampoo and conditioner . makes my hair feel fuller with less to no static in winter months . great to use throughout season changes
works ! ! ! i now can still save my bottles ! ! ! ^ _ ^ i am so happy to have used and found this product .
i don't use anything thing else and have noticed a large difference every since , very happ with this particular product .
i did like the brushes , are so nice design , and wood ! are perfecto for make designs in long and short nails .
this is a beautiful hair pin & a fantastic price . it is very dressy , but such pretty colors , i couldn't resist . i was not disappointed .
what can i add after all the good reviews about nars blush orgasm ? nothing really , all has been previously said .
i love the colors in this ! perfect for any occasion ! has mirror at top too . very happy with this purchase !
nice , easy , cheap . what more could you ask for ? my skin has thanked me for using salicylic acid peels . try it out !
gorgeous color and its has tiny tiny gold flecks in it so when you take pictures you look illuminated.love , love , love
i have to touch up at least once a day and my unit keeps slipping back . time to try a new adhesive .
i use it at night and it seems to make my skin look better in the morning . a little firmer .
i'm in love with this primer ... its wonderful makes my makeup just glide right on and last so much longer ! ! ! thanks avon
best conditioner on the market . the end . ha haseriously , it really makes my hair soft and it isn't overly heavy . great product .
it even gets my little lashes.the only con is the brush it kinda big . sometimes it slips an touches my eye lids .
these sucked . not the right sheer color . i like the white though . nd the nail guides it came with . wasted my $ 5 - _ -
great brushes ... well put together not cheap in quality at all . well worth the price to . i would recommend these brushes .
use this as a base for custom mixed body oils . my skin loves it , not too greasy , absorbs well , and has no odor . perfect .
i should have known better than to buy these . they don't stay on . they move , so it actually messes up fresh nail polish .
i absolutely love this item especially the colors . there's a big variety and you can color coordinate with your nail polish !
the entire devacurl ( care ) line is fantastic . if you've got curly hair , these products will change the way you feel about it .
i guess this product doesn't work on some people . all it did was dry up and then peel off . pores stillclogged .
love it it works great all the images work and it works with different polish not only konad which is great
different sizes like it says . pretty good quality . i mean can't mess these up to much when if they are cheap . came earlier then expected
the product works well with results that happen fast . it does not have an unpleasant smell and can be used on even sensitive skin .
this towel works so well . i just add some liquid bath soap and i feel super clean and soft ! great for reaching your entire back .
i love it the only bad thing is that a hair came in one of the glitter bottles but other than that it is awesome ...
been using this for weeks now and have had no issues with it . it does the trick and i love the results .
pretty dope - i had to trim the bangs a bit because it fell right in my eyes , but it's really nice quality and ships faster than listed .
there is something chic about this polish . great for a night out , long lasting . sparkly , but not too much . love it !
this product has made my hair strong and my edges happy with the results . i would definately purchase again in the future .
i use this pretty much everyday , and have not had problems with it yet . my face hasn't broken out and it leaves my face looking literally smooth .
this is the best shampoo i've found for colored hair . color lasts the longest , doesn't dry out hair and smells great ! highly recommend it .
i just received these so i have not tried them out yet so sorry i will let you know when i try them out .
i love this ! ! ! it's a very pretty bottle and the fragrance is unforgettable and it's lasts a long time :) will order more ! ! !
the comb can really work or sometime maybe my lash is different that i can not separate sometime yes i think this is good
this is a good shampoo for normal hair , of which i am having less and less . lathers good , rinses clean . good price at amazon .
we haven't opened these yet , but they look great . i will order more for sure ... just what we wanted to have the glitzy look .
the price was good and the oil is good . i would buy this again for sure .
this mascara really lengthens the eye lashes.and it is easy to take off with water . i will buy it again .
love this stuff . made whipped shea butter , and gave some to my friends and they are now enjoying it also
i bought this to do my gel manicures at home . it is a nice brush with perfect length handle . nice soft bristles .
this makes my hair feel very soft ... love it ... will def order again in the future . would recommend this product for all hair types .
although i did receive this product for free , i believe that it is worth every red cent because it really does work !
lots to be happy about - little to complain about . spray works well . scent isn't too strong . large size bottle .
i love this shampoo ! it has such a great smell and leaves my hair soft and shiny . i will keep this shampoo around . :)
keeps out the light and comfy ! decided to purchase the zebra one too ! :)
this product is actually better than what i thought it would be is not a very handy and all the bits work very well
i'm no expert , but this was a full pound ( i weighed it ) and was packaged well and worked for making my bath melts .
made my hair soft , smells good , and is affordable . however this conditioner left my ends solo dry ! i personally won't buy it again
shampoo smells awesome , like apples and grapes . leaves my dry , dyed , damaged hair looking thick and normal . great price . love it !
i use this after i tan and it smells wonderful and leaves my skin super soft ! definitely recommend this lotion !
works as said . bought to replace one we had used in our trailer . this was about the same so had no trouble
this works for cleaning hair , great for all of us allergy sufferers . isn't moisturizing or any of that , but jojoba oil helps .
my face feels so smooth and clean after i use this . top it off with the lotion and you'll have great feeling skin .
i expected a peroxide type dye to experiment on my beard with , and as it turned out , it did nothing .
this is even more stunning in person . the color is really nice in person and it looks expensive . i get a lot of compliments on it
i use this brush on my wet , coily hair . it is very sturdy and it doesn't pull my thick hair . no bristle has broken off either .
this is a wonderful base oil for essential oils when making creams , etc , and i enjoy using it . thank you
terrible medicine , unnatural smell . and the soap dries out my skin after two uses . i just can't get passed the smell
love love love this product ! works great ! no complains at all ! got here pretty quick too . i love it so much
great for long hair . very easy to put hair up in it . nice fabric . dries quickly and holds its shape .
while the color is off from what i believe i had from the nail salon - i still like it very much and often get compliments on the color !
very happy with this set . i wish the first set was still available for the same price so i can get those too .
color is nice but i had a tough time getting it to cure . i bought the top uv lamp so i'm not sure ?
this wen replenishing treatment mist is wonderful . it feels so light and fresh . it can be used on the skin as well !
i have used this product for a while i am not sure what was in the tube , it was watery . i would not recommend this vender .
i really like this moisturizer and use it every day as do my teenage daughters , great product that does not clog pores .
i have long hair so it's kind of tricky , i don't think it's going to last me forever but it does the job .
i love the this bronzer ! toofaced makes great makeup product ! worth the buy ! ! also slightly cheaper then in store ! :)
conditioner sulfate free ! that's whats up . thanks loreal for make such a great and cheap product . everybody should try . i strongly recommend .
this is a long lasting lipstick . the first that actually stays longer than 6 hours . does not smudge at all .
it okay nothing to write a long extensive review on , it doesn't feel any different than any other curling iron .
this primer feels great going on . i don't think it helps to keep the oil down , but as an initial primer , it feels nice to apply .
has a really pleasant smell and really helps clear up my skin . i like that it is a scrub and doesn't irritate my skin like other scrubs do .
this was recommended by my skin professional , this price was much lower , i encourage you to purchase it as i did
he loooves it ! and so do i . it has such a masculine smell and is a perfect as a surprise gift
i love to use this brush after i have put on foundation and set with powder . gives a very smooth and well-blended finish .
i should have given this review a long time ago . i will order this again , it is my favorite fragrance .
not much to say . this pallet is an essential neutral collection . sparkly smoky and awesome . super long wear with the primer they sell .
i love product just wished it lasted longer the mascara alone is great and the case i now use for my reading glasses :)
drugstore dupe for the very expensive naked 2 palette ! the colors are so similar it's a close perfect match . def recommend .
this case is well built , sturdy and strong material . i would reccomend this case to every woman . great price for a great case .
love it ! dries very fast .. i have tried sally hansen before and it smudges my nail color , this doesn't . very glossy finish . recommend it .
i ordered this flat iron for my granddaughter as a gift . she is thrilled with it and uses it all the time .
great , i get to do so many designs and just play with them . really happy with my purchase , delivery was really fast
great product since buying this shampoo my hair is regrown more and alot thicker aim happier and i will buy it again !
this product provides wonderful coverage of skin flaws . it is best if you dab it on instead of rubbing it on .
finally an eyeliner that does what it's supposed to . only problem is that it smudges after a while so that's unfortunate but it's still worth buying .
i like these a lot ! great set . don't hesitate to buy it ! does what it has to . i like it
not a great product . i felt i can find this clip even in daiso . it was also not looking great .
it irritated my skin and i'm pretty tough . my favorite murad cleanser is still the vitamin c one .
goes on easily stays on pretty well but it did run a little in the bad humidity in s c or when i cried at a wedding
i like the color . just wish it wasn't so thin . i had to use 3 coats to cover my nails . i like the glitter in it .
these caps are excellent .. value for money .. good quality .. cover the whole head .. comfortable elastic plastic .. i like it and would buy again
i don't know if i did this wrong but the thing doesn't work - waste of money and complete junk do not waste your money
i love this brand and this color . it won't break your hair out and lasts a very long tme . try it ! !
love this product ... first try made a difference ! skin was left clean but not dry . very refreshing . skin soft to the touch !
use this and get rid of your little hangnails and also moisturize your nails . this keeps them from breaking . the smell is divine .
bought this for my husband for christmas last year and he still uses it 8 months later . good gift item .
my hairstylist turned me on to this . it protects my hair from styling tools & makes it feel thicker . i recommend it .
perfect white for french tips or for under a water marbling color . cant wait to try it with other colors and tips
they look natural but at the same time give your eyes more pop ! love them ! make sure you know how to put them on !
this reminds me of ruby red slippers . goes on smooth and wears well . it's a fun color and gets many compliments .
very good ... get the job done ! last a long time ! inexpensive ... cant beat this deal ... i will be getting more soon perfect gift
they looked great for a photo shoot i did makeup for they stayed on the face using eyelash glue came out superb .
i am enjoying this line of liquid hand soap very much . it smells great , lathers up nicely and a little bit goes a long way .
beyond paradise is a wonderful , flirty , floral scent that isn't too overpowering . i recommend wearing it whenever you want to feel extra feminine .
this company makes great facial masks ! ! ! i luv the feeling of using them . so fresh and make ur skin flawless ! ! ! <3
i love lilac and this is a great scent ; it smells great in the shower and i am very pleased .
this smells great my husband loves it on me im almost done with it but as soon as im done i will order more
packaging is great , fast shipping , love the treatment and how my hair feels soft after using
usually buy it from the local store for my daughters . makes a fair amount of bubble and is great for sensitive skin .
this product goes on nice and you don't need allot of it to spread around the eyelids just a dab for one eye and a dab for the other .
i like this product but i really can't tell what it does completely for me and i have not really used it a lot to tell yet .
this is a great dark blue with a bit of sparkles in it . this color goes on easy and covers well . great winter color !
i haven't had it for too long , but i am loving how soft it is making my skin ! i'm really looking forward to seeing its progress .
i cannot believe how well this works for my skin ! it blends incredibly well and covers dark circles almost completely . i love it ! i am addicted .
this product is great , but you can buy this for $ 3.75 from peapod ( stop & shop ) . what's with the price ?
this is very high quality essential oil . i would definitely reorder . the oil makes your skin smooth and helps with wrinkles .
amazing durability helped the life of my polish . most times i use it polish lasts 2 < 3 weeks . would definatly recromend to a friend .
great price , great product . swivels up smoothly , applies easily , and doesn't smudge much . great black eyeliner , even compared to expensive ones .
these have very fine bristles for fine work on nails . they are what i expected and the price was great .
my skin feels smoother and looks brighter after about one month of use . it gives a very nice and luxurious feel .
love how this doesn't come off all over your face like other brands . will definitely order this again ... just need to use up what i have !
i love this product so much ! i use it on a daily basis and it gives my face a natural looking glow :)
i have used this product for several years . i get a lot of complements on my great skin and i attribute it to this product .
nice scent , mild , does a great job . very pleased with alaffia african black soap , especially in the tangerine citrus scent !
great coverage , somewhat difficult to apply but looks nice and lasts forever . a little bit of this foundation goes a long way .
great product to keep my locs mositurized . i would just spray and lather with some oil , i'm a jane carter fan now !
shampoo . he has very curly hair and i was sick of it getting frizzy so he embraced his curls and now uses this shampoo .
lovely citrus aroma , this scrub leaves your face feeling soft and moisturized . doesn't take much water to come up to a nice consistency .
i love this blush . it is easy to apply , and looks great on . it is very light and natural looking .
it really didn't work , i didn't see any changes and i used it multiply times as suggested yet the spot on my leg looked the same .
since this eye-shadow primer improves coloring of the eye shadow piled up on it , it moves more finely [ the color of eye shadow ] !
love this highlight ! super pigmented and goes on like velvet ! love the pink peachey tone perfect for spring and summer
they're great , the best " cheap " fake eyelashes there are , really durable and blends well for something that is fake , i use the duo glue
it is a very soft brush . it is well made and the bristles do not come out . it is a good brush .
using this uv lamp with my cnd shellac line . love it and have no complaints ! would recommend as a cheaper alternative than the cnd recommended lamp .
i've been using it for a few weeks already and my hair looks shinny , my nails look much better and my skin looks smoother and softer .
smell so good and real , i don't know why everyone is saying its fake ? ? ?
love this purple color . goes on smooth and very jewel-like . very happy with coverage and with shade of purple . would highly recommend .
its an eyebrow groomer , and it works perfectly as does most of them i have bought . about same price as the ones at walmart
absolutely love this stuff ! it definitely works ! i would try to avoid touching your face because of the oils but otherwise no problems .
i am so blown away by just how great the product is ! it goes on so smoothly and stays put ! thanks !
it must be since it contains methanol and caffeine that my hair feels wonder after each and every use . !
i haven't used them that much but they seem like they work decently well and they are easy to clean .
its light and not oily - takes even the heaviest mascara off gently . i would make sure you rinse your eyes after using this though .
i recommend this product and delivery is very good i made a lot of different designs thanks very much for your services
this is positively a must have for those of us that have mascara on our bottom lashes fall directly under our eyes - blinc really helps !
i liked this product for the most part . it had a pretty strong scent in my opinion . i think it did it part moisturizing my skin though .
this product is crap , this product doesn't deliver any of the claims it states . what a waste of money ! ! ! dont waste your money
what do you say about hair bands . they are exactly what you would expect them to be . i gave them as a gift .
this item was perfect . instead of using my nails , i used this , and i took out my blackheads without hurting my skin .
these plates are so easy to use and your nails look like a pro did them . very easy to use .
this is my go-to bronzer / foundation powder . i dont use anything else under it especially in the summer . love it . highly recommend .
this product is excellent i love it , work great and it comes nicely wrapped in own case , i recommend it , thank you amazon .
its really good my sister bought it and she loved it its so soft and i like to play with it to
i like this product ... i just need some instructions on how to use it correctly ... it is all experimental to me !
i debated buying this makeup sponge because it is a bit pricey . it's a wonderful makeup sponge ... thank you very much
i love this product so much , it's perfect . i am a big fan of nail designs so i highly recommend this product .
these are so pretty . i haven't had the chance to use them yet , but i am looking forward to using them soon .
bought this for my fifteen year old neice and she loves it . she said it is easy to wear and apply and does not smudge .
great hot air spinning brush i absolutely love it , i'm happy that i purchased this , this is a must have .
i had bought one of these before and loved them and decided to get this set also because they are so much fun ! ! !
the colors are amazing when the light hits it . i get compliments from everyone , including men . i'll be posting my nail designs
i have been using this product for almost 20 years ! enough said , right . seven words too few , must fill words !
it's just regular staff . the best i could find for that price . it's burning pretty much and sticks a little
it's ok , but really does not live up to the hype . it's not an expensive item , but i don't plan on buying this again .
love these ! the girls in my salon love these , no other clips hold the hair as well !
the hair looks very fake and is difficult to untangle . the color isn't right either i ordered dark brown and got a reddish brown color .
provides great moisture barrier without being sticky and gunky , giving the very sensitive raw skin a chance to heal . big plus is that there's no strong smell .
bought this for my daughter adn have been using it for a while now . she likes it and would recommed it to others .
i use the facial serum in the daytime and the two really go well together . i recommend these products to menopausal women .
l'oreal products don't disappoint me . i have discovered i like the mineral brush on products and the cheek blush is just great .
it cleans very well and smells nice . my hair is shiny . if it didn't cost so much , i'd buy it again .
my daughter wanted a set of neutral colored eye shadows and this set was well-priced . the colors are nice and seem to be good quality .
this polish is really glossy and nice , beautiful for spring . it stays on for very long without chipping or fading
these plates are very clear and crisp . i am well pleased with how well the designs come out on the nail .
very easy to apply and non greast . good for under the eye , crows feet and frown lines . great buy for the money .
exactly what my son wanted for christmas and my grandson is enjoying it as well . a great buy for christmas
not often a product does exactly what you hopes - giving you a firm hold for messy styles . this is it .
its hard to find such good quality tools for such a low cost ! im completely satisfied with this purchase , , i would recommend it
tan is not orange at all . it looks pretty natural and is extremely easy to apply . best self-tanner i've used !
it works better than edge control doesn't leave any white residue after using it . it is a little greasy but it serves its purpose
i like this product and the leave-in conditioner . they work well as an unit and make my thick , long hair soft and easy to manage .
using as a preshave which works fine except for stinging of the eyes . cleans face pretty well.shall not repurchase .
typical showercap . nothing special , but not bad . no clue how to keep it from smelling . can't find a better one for the $ $
works perfectly , smells minty , and leaves my face incredibly soft and smooth after every use . and for the price , i couldn't ask for anything else .
shiny and black and smooth , what more can i say ? if you want black , this is black , it fulfills all expectations of a black gel polish
i love this so much i buy it in bulk . i can never have enough . thick and absorbent , great for post shaving .
essie is immaculate polish and this is a fantastic deep blue . not to mention the amazing price . i am very pleased .
i do love this brush , it spreads evenly , it is so soft , feels wonderful . against your skin , i highly recommend !
i like this wig cap . it's pretty good but i feel like it will tear easily . it does it's job thought which is a good thing .
kind of stiff but it works , not as good as the beauty blender .
i have dry hair but i love the light one better than the regular one because it's not too oily . great for shine .
this is a great blending brush . it is more dense than the e40 brush so it works better to blend out shadows on my eyes .
for the price ? this is like .. something every woman needs to have . you can go from messy to dressy in like 2 mins with this thing .
just what i wanted ! cute colors nice packaging ! will look great with designs ! w @ill buy again and would recommend for sure !
i found it hard to do designs with this ser because the nail polish dries too fast on the nail and on the brush . definitly will not buy again
just received my braided head band from china , it's really cute , i plan to wear it on monday with my braids . thx a lot :-)
the best " soap " out there , cleans , no after film , good for entire family , great for face , good clean face and body
blends cream eyeshadow base or primer onto lids . also works well for under eyebrow highlighting and application of primer onto the lower lash line .
highly recommend . the scent is great , cost is great , effects are great . i recommend buying it with organic cotton balls .
lots of lifting and bleeding under the tips.this product is utterly worthless . it doesn't stick to a polished nail , even if it's clean and dry .
this will add spunk to your nail polish ! i have girls and they love to put this polish over their color to make it sparkle .
i love z palettes . i have many and they are all amazing . helps so much with organization and keeping makeup clean and clear .
i got exactly 45 bows . i was very happy upon receiving my order except i would prefer more diversity in the colors .
i saw no results i just finished . this product did nothing at all it is a waste of your money . you will not be happy .
works great , removes gel easily and without damaging the natural nail . it's a must for the gel fans out there . bought at cvs for $ 5.99 .
moroccan oil works wonders for my hair - always smooth and shiny after i put just a dab in . this stuff is great !
just what i wanted a.strong but tough nail so i can my . nails faster so wil odwr thw product again
this thinned out my seche vite topcoat fine , took a couple more drops than i anticipated but it served its purpose .
this was great for a month until it dried out . i never had a primer that dried out but i won't be buying again .
the picture of the product is exact but if you want fullness then , i would recommend two hair pieces and the price was fair .
i have really liked all the murad products in the resurgence line , but this product has a offensive odor to me . i would not recommend this product ,
this is an awesome brush . i use it everyday . my new favorite . i am so glad i bought it . it was shipped quick .
great deal ! i have found the best nail glue ever . long and strong bond , great for wear and tear , especially for us artists .
but who doesn't do that anyway ? these dry super fast and are great for stamping , very happy with them and love all my kleancolor polishes
i love studs so i was excited when i received my studs in different colours . they are a good size to try many diff designs
this works pretty well ! wish it made it all permanent but looks great under makeup . worth it and i would buy again .
great product for nail decorating . so fun to use and nails look beautiful ! i recommend this product to those who like to have fun with their nails .
love this anti-wrinkle cream . the product delivers exactly as it states . great product , great manufacturer . i would highly recommend this item .
i was also skeptical about this product . but actually it works so well . my eyelashes and eyebrows grow . and it darkens my eye.awesome !
i was suffering from a recurring patch of dry skin along my jaw . this seem to help it go away . it does have a very strong odor .
a very pretty popping pink . goes on smoothly , a good 3 coats should do . goes great if you add on whirled away or by its self !
this color is good for someone who doesn't want to have to redo her nails every other day . little chips do not show .
i love this stuff ! you can feel it working by it slightly getting your skin warmer ( temporarily ) and can see the slimming effect
this smells great and works great - all natural too . plus , the little bottle lasts a lot longer than expected .
recommended product . before buying check the desired color for lipstime of delivery okexcellent packagingproduct cost , okgood presentationgeneral satisfaction with the order
this product has sea salt and you have to shake it up but it does make beautiful just from the beach hair .. love it .
it stays on for a long time but it feels a bit cakey and yet its so affordable compared to mac or channel .
i love this shampoo , leave my hair smooth and soft . it is one the best on the market . i love it .
this is the best conditioner i have ever used . i now always keep at least two extra's on hand - just to be on the safe side :-)
i am just starting out in the make up thing , so when i was trying these colors , none of them really worked for me . kinda disappointed .
i heard about this product from a girl on youtube . it goes on very well and is nice for a quick fix . smells very nice .
i am so pale , and i finally found a powder that matches my skin , doesn't look cakey , and last all day and night .
this is the best invested dollar and fifty cents i have ever spent a must for nail art so good i got 2 one for my mom
this produces good amount of lather , has good scent and is moisturizing , but the scent doesn't last for much time .
i got this for my boyfriend for christmas and he hasn't really used it yet , but it came in great condition and i love the smell of it .
i love carol's daughter products . they're amazing for my fine , over processed hair . i highly recommend these products . a little goes a long way .
awesome price compared to buying in the salon . i found this worked justas well as any other lotion . smells good and doesn't linger . absorbs quickly .
i like these nails but they're not the ones in the picture . the ones i got were full white nails .
this was a great gift ! my friend loves it . she does her top lids with this pen . luv it ! =)
i had my husband buy this because i remember my middle school dean used to wear it and it just smelled so great . bizarre , i know . :p
ever heard of a mascara that doesn't contai a million chemicals to make you infertile , cause cancer , etc ? this is it ! go buy it !
love the taylor swift because is has a sweet and floweriest smell . that is why i alike taylors swift's parfume . thanks you .
this took forever to get to me , but it was well worth the wait . the colors are beautiful . i love this palette .
i love this stuff ! ! ! it's the only shampoo i use on my curly hair .
i haven't used it yet but i bought four . i hope you can understand as a natural , products are everything with wash and goes or styling .
used along with the restoraderm body wash , this cleared up my daughter's bad eczema that we'd be battling for over a year . great product !
bought these for my grand daughter to add to her kit for her apprentiship . she likes the style and the color which matches another part of her kit .
is probably me , but i couldn't get mine to work . so 5 give it 1 star sorry . i tried for hours until i gave up .
love it ! ! ! its beautiful ! ! thank you so much . i've already wore it & enjoyed it . have a great day ! ! god bless
i've bought a few other products since trying this one . this one by far , works the very best . and it smells pleasant too !
purchase this wig fir my mom and she liked it because it's short and look a little natural . i did not like the wig .
works easily and really looks natural . i love this new way to keep my eyebrows matching my hair color better .
whole food vitamins for a budget price . i like it . no weird side effects from this brand , too . no complaints .
but i have very sensitive , fragile allergy prone skin , it make's my skin red and burns when i use it . ck
this wig sucks .. it sheds like a sick dog ! ! its thin like a wig on crack ! no goodi will not order this again .
i use them to push back my cuticle and clean the dirt from under my nails . great product and it last me for very long time .
nice yellow orange papaya or tropical color . goes on smoothly and usually done in 1-2 coats , typical like china glaze .
i have acne skin so i have to use foundation to cover all the redness.creamy coverage , best worn at night or evening ... thick coverage
i love the gelish line and this product is no different . i love it so much that i ordered two !
when i think of a gel crème , i think differently then what the product was . it is greasy and not recommended for oily skin !
this was such a great deal , and i know i will be purchasing other products in the near future
this makeup remover is great and gentle on your eyes , i highly recommend it and it scent free which is a plus for me
i got them today , beautiful colors & didn't get white which i'm happy on . there sorta small from what i'm used to buying
dries your skin out ! no hydration and if you have mature , dry or very dry skin , this is not the cleanser for you !
like looking at sparkling jewels under deep blue water , exotic and wild to wear for a party out on the town .
i love these because they are highly portable . so if your mascara starts clumping you can just just use a wand and then toss it .
aveeno is the only brand i buy for my self , it is the best for my skin . i have tried other and it doesn't do as well .
it is a strong product---my skin tingles when i was my face with it . it is also very drying .
this is my favorite deep conditioner , it does exactly as stated on the jar . if you have super dry hair , give it a try
olay total effects anti-aging night firming treatment is ok . not quite the moisturizer i needed - it felt good going on but didn't stay .
my mother has one that works great ! i ordered mine ... and it worked great . then , about 3 weeks later it just stopped working . meh .
i can't say enough good things about cnd ! use the right alcohol % and follow the directions , you won't be disappointed !
i doubt i'd pay full-price for this , but it's a nice scent , good for everyday college . heiress is better , though .
i was disappointed with how light this nail polish appears when stamped on nails . you are better off buying a cheap polish .
the texture is lovely but i am not sure it is a primer as it doesn't have the stickiness or tackiness you expect from a primer .
i really like this roller . it really helped my skin . i will continue to use and will purchase again when necessary .
they break apart soon seemed to be glued aparty poorly . two came already broken . save your money and get something else
i had a couple of them in the past - and these one are my favorite now ! they are double-side what i like the most .
it didn't work ... but at least it was inexpensive compared to the other products i've tried that were also ineffective ... but at a much higher price .
i have black hair . this covers the grays pretty well . the black hair was not touched . the color is ok .
i brought this for my daughter and the scent is nice and since she just started using it i can't give more info just yetbut so far so good
they chip right away terrible nailwill never buy thus brand againi would not buy this again ok .. ok
i've already ordered another jar . not heavy . perfect under my makeup and my brown spots are visabley fading . i need to look no further .
love the coverage because product is light and does not break out my skin . beautiful color and easy to apply . will buy again .
easy rolling , not as painful as others , as described , thank you !
this stuff was watery and the color was not concentrated at all . did nothing to correct the yellow tones in my hair .
it took a while to get this but it came now to learn how to use it now . thanks i will be ordering some of your other designs thanks
i'm not sure this worked because i did half henna half indigo and my hair still came out red . i was looking for brown .
i love the colors , the different designs and they amount of bottles , you can created many different looks with this nail art . : 0 )
my box color said darkest brown , my hair color result was blue / blacki am not happy . i would never use this again .
castile soap is a must have ! i use it to clean the house as well as in the shower . this one has a great scent !
it smells wonderful and cleans my stainless steel and granite well . i like that it is natural for my kids / dogs etc .
this was a great buy compared too buying them in single sets in the store . shipping was fast and i would order them again when i need some .
if you've got oily skin , this is an excellent cleanser . i also use the fluide mattifant after my moisturizer . the combination is unbeatable for controlling oil .
does the job , moisturizes , clams my skin , no irritation . need very little . very happy with product at a very reasonable beauty product price .
this is a great value . hyaluronic acid really does help improve the skin - plumping effect , etc . i will never be without it .
i love this eyeshadow kit . it's very nice i really like the colors . they are bright and true . very nice buy .
finally a descent beachy wave look ! definately the best waves ive ever had ! ! ! i definately recommend this product to all !
i ordered this facial brush to help remove dead skin cells , the brush is very soft and not over abrasive .
it cleans my face and leaves a clean feeling afterward . i like how the scrub outlet is very convenient and easy to use .
well , properly iam not happy with the product , but my girlfriend loves this hair straightener , now it takes more time to get ready ! !
this product really fills in the larger pores , i put this on after i've put on everything else . works well !
smell is so lovely.texture and effectiveness is fine . it did not make our skin dry and we are using it for a year now
perfect for brush storage to keep bristles from fraying , also great for drying brushes after washing them . best thing is theyare inexpensive !
they look nice when you can get them to stay put . nice colors & verity . my duoghter & i will make good use for them .
i love this palette so much . it removes all the clutter that comes with mac packaging and allows me to actually see my products !
nice product . easy to apply and spread all over the lead . does not make the lead oily and the shades stay perfectly all day long .
it's a nice cream which i use mostly on my neck - i don't notice any difference at all in lifting or firming though .
after that minimal steam . cool mist worked ok . i agee with previous review . towel and a pot of steaming water for me .
i purchased this wig to display my handmade boho headbands during photoshoots . i am extremely pleased with it . if i wore wigs i'd wear this too !
i like this item a lot , since it helps avoid frizzy hair . but , unfortunately , my dog liked it too and rendered it useless .
this is an amazing price for such a great product ! ! i love the variety of having 3 different choices to choose from !
i use only obagi skin care and my skin looks great . i get told often what great skin i have .
there are better choices out there . this irritated my scalp and made it very itchy . the color consistency is lacking .
i got this when i was tired of spending so much money for facial cleansers . i am going to stick with this product for a while .
these flowers are great , they really stand out . hey will be great for summer on toenails , but are also great on fingernails .
doesnt go on even from the tube . need to work with the product using fingers.has a nice colour and pigmentation .
don't buy this . sticky and doesn't stay on . it's not even flattering on lips . pink color separates from that pasty white stuff they added to it .
i got these to use in scrapbooking . the colors are very bright and will look great in the middle of flowers or anything you can think of .
they do what is expected , they clip my hair up while conditioning , and they hold all my hair snuggly . ' nuff said . would purchase again .
love this i find it comparable to mac lip gloss ill definitely be buying elf lip products instead of mac !
i bought one for my self and a friend and she and i absolutely love this combo . i have to buy again and from same seller .
this body wash loathers beautifully , it smells refreshing and leaves you feeling clean . it moistures my skin and doesn't leave me feeling dry . i love it
i bought this and another crackle polish as a gift for a friend . very pretty polish , the crackle works great !
i was desperate for something to relieve my scalp itch . i got several types from l'oreal and they work great .
they are very stiff and flat i couldnt get them to stick to my eyelid because they were to straight !
gets the job done , no complaints . just like the expensive version in regular stores . will buy again as we love poufs !
i really like this brush and it's absolutely perfect for foundation or powders . definitely , comparable to mac and sigma brushes .
very fast to get to me and i also love the color ! great color to use for st . patrick's day
too many shell pieces in this butter . smells good though ! too many shell pieces in this butter . smells good though !
very helpful when washing my hair . it does a better job massaging my scalp than my fingers and feels very good .
love my new porcelain plate ceramic flat iron , leaves hair soft and smooth also great price . highly recommend this flat iron .
very well absorbent by the skin , no smell . i would recommend this product to people with very dry skin , works perfect .
it took very long to receive the extensions . the extension was very pretty . i love the one piece , easier to place on your hair .
why the hell is this s * * * so dam small and it's not sturdy enough guess i can use it for a dust brush instead boo
my hair and skin did not feel softer . i put this oil in all my moisturising products and didnt notice any difference .
the brush is soft ! it looks beautiful ! apply great application ! i love real techniques brushesbrush beautiful and wonderfulthank you very much
i love this color and as always opi has not disappointed . i love opi and their new gelcolors . i can't wait to get more .
my hair is dry and thinning due to old age . this product adds body and i can style it more easily than when i used a different conditioner .
got this for a trip to hold my makeup . has lots of room and very pleased with purchase . would recommend .
it's a sturdy little thing . i think it would be ideal when i travel . would recommend , just be careful when putting it together .
the yellow-capped glue is the best . these lashes are great for everyday use . they look dramatic in the box , but are really work-friendly .
a high end product at a great price . no need to spend a ton of money to get such a good product !
love this brush so much ! great for a cut crease and holds onto eyeshadow really well ! i use it everyday .
no buildup , smells great and worth the cost . make sure to get the leave in creme , serum and shampoo for the full effect !
i live in a very dry climate and it's difficult to find a nice moisturizer that also has an spf and is not greasy .
i really like this shampoo and conditioner as it makes my hair soft . this is great price as you pay a lot more in the salon .
awesome bday gift ! the girls loved them ! grabbed a couple for a few other friends ! shipping was fast and each bottle was individually wrapped !
i like this mascara and it's like an electric blue but it still doesn't show up enough for me to justify buying a blue mascara . but it's fun !
my grandaughter loves these gems and the price was very reasonable and she can change her nail art in a flash .
these arrived pretty fast . very pretty and shiny . so far i have received many compliments when wearing them . i would certainly recommend .
pretty color , but it takes a few tries to figure out how you're going to use it for a french manicure .
very nice pale green polish . perfect for spring and easter . it took three coats to cover fully and went on easy . overall another great gelish product .
this is great for cleaning up smile lines on french tips when painted on ... great for cleaning up polish on cuticle or side nails
a lovely bb cream with great coverage and excellent wear . fair toned , but no grey cast at all . i will buy again .
it is sooo hard to find unscented soap these days . i use this soap in both pump and automatic dispensers and it's great .
unfortunately , this product is not what i was looking for . these lashes look so fake , cheap and bulky . not glamourous at all !
i use this during the summer and at night during the winter . works very well for me that way . no dry patches of skin .
you can easily ( with practice if you're a newbie ) achieve beautiful winged look with this brush . use gel eyeliner or dark eyeshadow .
maybe i just don't know what an " eye illuminator " is supposed to do but this doesn't even work as well as an under eye highlighter .
this palette is much smaller than i expected but it's still enough just being used as concealer.it has decent coverage.its a good buy for the price
pro : it heats up very fastcons : doesn't make my hair smooth and feels really rough on my hair when i straighten my hair
great price , love this item works like a charm and i havent seen this value anywhere else will purchase again , very happy
these line nail stripes look like a charm ! they make the nail stand out and look very decent and professional .
the duo lash adhesive works fine , no problems . just follow the directions and it should work out well for you .
great spot treatment , i found it to be ore effective than the one by clearasil .
i have never used rosewater before , but i actually used a few drops in some lemonade and was very impressed . lovely scent .
this is a big help , learned about by dr . northrope book , i can tell a difference by using it , order often .
was what i order and my hair is so much nicer and perfect lately love it . thank you so much
not correct color for me . not thick enough to cover properly . disappointed.would not suggest this product , nor would i get it again .
bought it for whenever i wan to but my hair in a bun , and this works better than the donut sponge .
bought one set before , but it was around 9.00 . this is good for a weekend away without taking all the full size bottles .
this stuff never works as advertised . the smell is annoying as well . not worth the price . will not purchase again .
i ordered this for my mom . she's been using it for years so i guess it must do what it promises or she wouldn't continue to buy more .
i can't say this does miracles , but it makes my face feel amazing ! so soft and smooth . definitely worth the purchase .
i was not certain i would use it , but i use it every single week . it does not damage nails like some others .
colors stay on until you wash them , there are so many colors to choose from , you can even mix the color together
not 5 stars onky bc i ;d ont like the smell anymore . i will try other yesto products
this smells so good and leaves your skin really soft . it exfoliates , oils , and softens . i love it and will buy again !
third bottle . nothing to complain . but may change to shu uemura since i m alttle bored of it .
while pricy , i would say this polish is worth it . it's so pretty , especially on top of a red for the holidays . stunning !
i use these for every manicure and to remove my gel nail polish they work well and for the price 144 sticks was a great deal .
there is no better concealer . i will be using this product for the rest of my life .
this is a great cream , i can feel it working after the first use , i will most certainly order again . great price too .
it is sooooo good ~ i can hardly find an eyeliner which i can apply smoothly on my eyelids , but this is an exception ! !
these brushes blend the make up very well ! no other brushes beat these never had my makeup soo perfect
the color is just great . a little darker then what i am use to . but , i just love it.getyourself some now .
i gave this cream to my mother and she like it . she feels refresh and less wrinkles in just few weeks of use .
i have bought so many of these and i will be buying more for my sister . they are the best . try the variety pack ! ! !
what more can i say other than it is extremely soft and moisturizing . bought 3 for xmas presents after i tried and loved it myself !
this is a nice hair dryer , like that is has three blower settings . works well on my think long hair , easy grip handle .
don't know what this does to my hair , it's okay but more like any other conditioner , not very special though .
it looked really good at first but then i got kind of paranoid about thinking that people were noticing it .
high quality tanning lotion . shipped fast and far cheaper than you will find it in a tanning salon . thanks so much ! :)
this one is great ! the scent is perfect and this really really works ! the other organic deodorants do not compare .
these are so totally cool ! its easy to put the puddy in for the molding and they stick in really well ! its awesome to have around .
but it is getting difficult to obtain . my subscribe and save for this item has now been cancelled . i get so many compliments on this color .
i so far have had great results from this products . i wash dishes by hand , i bath the kids and still four days and no chips .
this is a good non-permanent color . mine lasted for about 1 mnth , but i do wash my hair every day .
awesome ! love love love ! it's worth the money i promise you ! great quality and great coverage ! you won't be disappointed . !
product was okay cord was short curls didn't last . but for the price what do u expect . thats all i could say
these roller's foam is firm enough to keep the large curls large & the caps fit snugly but aren't too difficult to pull off .
it doesn't hold my hair in an updo as i want it , but good to use at home , when just want to hold hair away from my neck
i have very curly , dry hair . this towel reduces frizz and encourages natural curls . i would recommend it to everyone - especially curly heads !
this was an okay bath soak product but i didn't like the fact that it can be a bit lumpy .
i have long thick heavy hair , these are great " hair jewelry " to spice up your hair for any occasion where you need black
i use this for nail polish it fits my art deco nail stripers , julep polish , hard candy's round bottles , revlon nail art polishes amazing value works great
after using this stuff i never really realized how dirty my face really was . it really cleans and my face feels fresh
i needed a spring color and this is the perfect bright pink ! i've gotten so many compliments on this new color .
i really like bright polishes and enjoy this color . great for the summer , and hot pink is always my favorite for the summer months .
my kids can spend hours doing there nails with different designs they have so much fun with all this nail art .
works perfectly for even black gel eyeliner and heavy black mascara . works every bit as good as lancome's eye-makeup remover at a fraction of the price .
great and looks great on look much better on clear nails or on summer colors and bunched together and used clear acrylic it's beautiful !
great sleeping cap . i didn't experience the bleeding problem some others had . it stays on all night and holds all my hair .
have used this product for many years and have always been very happy with it . i have very sensitive skin and find it gentle on my face .
nice colors . look good if you use a good eye primer . more purple looking than pictured here . smokey grey color makes buying the quad worth it .
a couple pumps on damp hair and you are done . one bottle has lasted me 6 months . it has made such a difference with my hair .
so cute ! have would really love to get this for my little sister , i have eyeshadows from shany so i know they are great !
i love the clean feeling i get with these and the smell ! ! so wonderful ! i will be buying these again for sure
this is what my skin has been waiting for . i have dry , semi mature , weird acne breakout prone skin and this stuff is magic .
how did this happen ? i'm getting older and with menopause comes thinning hair . yikes ! ! ! but with these smile nets my hair seems stronger and silkier
love love these they will last me a long time ! ! ! so pretty for more pop to your nails and fun to use very happy ! ! !
i haven't really noticed much of a difference in my skin after using it . i like some other primers a little more .
i would recommend this for everyone . you won't be disappointed . try it , you may like it . tell them i sent you ! ms.alita copney
i got it a year ago ... it doesn't show up on some nail polishes but looks great on white ... its ok i guess .
seems good like it i use a lot of loreal products and love them they don't melt run or smear
clips are cute but do not last long literally broke all my clips purchased this item a month or so back .
love all the l'oreal products but this is one of my favorites-use it every day under my moisturizer . highly recommend for any age
olay are my favorite products i use them all the time for all my face cleansers , moisturizers and wrinkle reducing aids ... love oil of olay !
average results for 14 year old . cannot seem to find a product strong enough to knock out the teenage acne . have scrub , toner and cream ...
a wonderful product ! really need to lather twice tho . my hair looks soft and has a great shine ! great value when purchased on amazon !
this is my third favorite . first is the sedu and second is the parlux . this is great for the price however .
naked pallet is a most have ! ! it has every color you need in a daily use and i love the eye primer that comes with thank you
i bought this burt's bees lip shimmer and love it . i use it all the time and bought a couple for my friends .
i bought this and i love how it is white and then when you apply to your skin it changes to your shade . amazing
wow ! this stuff is so creamy and makes your skin velvety soft , and you smell just plain ol ' yummy ! love it and i would recommend .
it weighs my hair down because it's heavy , but i love that . the shine is amazing , i would recommend it !
good for the price . they took forever to come but , if you're not in a hurry they do the job .
omg very nice and with intraction love it love it love it ! ... just like stila masterpiece kit with piece of instraction !
like it very much . very nice smell . fast delivery . i bought it for a gift but i m going to order it for me too
got these for the grand daughter and she is very happy with them . thank you .
i never liked black on nails but this one keeps its shine and looks great even days after i put it on
the scent is strong but pleasant . and this stuff works . and it is cheap ! so it is definitely a winner !
i dont use much eyeshadow . this eyeshadow is just enough to bring some color out in my face by making my eyes look better .
these are cheap . the stickers do not easily pull apart from each other and makes you end up having to throw some of them out .
it is good but the brush hair is nor very smooth i was looking for better quality from sigma as always
i bought these for my daughters bday party and she is going to love them , they are exactly as described .
they don't stick very well there good for some things but there not good for every day wear they will just peel off .
i like the color and the moisture of this stain but i don't like the application . kind of messy that way .
it shipped really quick , and worked well . it also comes off well with normal eye make up remover . i'm very happy with this purchase .
love eye treatment cream and have used it for 8 years ! ! love this product ! it seems to work for my 70yr old eyes !
although the birthday and something different for freinds and family , this makes gifting uniqe.scrapbooking also .. i could also send to my sister and brothers .
i use this pencil for skin markings in my office . it works great and i cannot think of anything that works better ...
this stuff gets on everything , your hair , pillowcase , husband's face , etc . it seems to take forever to absorb or maybe it just doesn't .
small bottle just perfect for the purse or to take when traveling . same wonderful chloe fragrance and adorable bottle . wonderful !
this is a non drying product for every day use . it lasts for a few months of use . i liked it .
this came really quickly , packaged well , and the item is perfect ! the price was fabulous so all around great choice ! ! !
pretty perfect and colorful bows ! i love these so much they are exactly what you see in their picture ! awesome !
well etched , quick shipping and so much fun to work with . i highly recommend these plates to ladies who love stamping and have longer nails .
got to use it a few times to really life these stubborn dark spots . but it does peel effectively and faster than the glycolic peel .
very soft . good quality . works well getting rid of the pieces of hair that is left after a hair cut .
i just got them in the mail . i was going to use them on my phone case but dont know yet . they fit my hole nail though
never really saw any changes . gave up and started using the gym every day and that's where i got my results from .
i returned this . its a greasy thick white paste totally unusable unless you are a life guard or dont mind this look .
scumbag doctors tell you not to use this item for your ears ... but it's so perfectly suited for the job ...
dried out in ghe tube after three weeks i only used this item once and threw the tube away .
the lipstick is a vibrant and elegant color that make my lips feel smooth and soft . i would definitely buy this brand again .
if you are looking for a true sea foam color , this is it . it's so pretty . the gelish polish is awesome .
blends makeup okay . doesn't clean easily ( even with beautyblender product ) . i'd avoid buying white again .
this is my favorite handsoap ! ! it smells great , it seems to clean my hands well , lol , and i love it ! ! !
i was looking for peel off mask , but just before buy it , i changed my mind and got this one , and i'm very happy with it
i love this body brush ! i use it before i get into the shower to take off any dead skin that way i get a really smooth shave !
light weight and nice product . it goes on smooth and really light . the pump bottle is nice and easy to use . cetaphil is a great product .
not too heavy but a great color that flatters every skin tone . it's my go to lipstick for day and evening .
i have been using this product for many years and cannot be without it . i have very fine hair and it helps with the tangles and breakage .
this is the worst product ever . it is quite frustrating to get the images to work . i regret purchasing these plates .
my face has never felt cleaner . my pores are smaller and everything . and i love the tingling sensation it gives while drying .
excellent product , received in excellent conditions higly recommended if u want to give it to your dad or friend , my dad loves this scent . higly recommended
a luxurious treat .. was a soft pleasant surprise to apply this ... its gentle and no loud fragrance smell that argues with your chosen perfume .
completed the entire bolete but didn't see any change my nails were still weak and my hair didn't shoe any signs of growth
this shampoo is fantastic ! it really smooths my thick frizzy puffy hair ! it makes it shiny bouncy and smooth . love it and highly recommend it :)
i love the eye shadows . its beautiful ánd unique . its worth more than the price . good buy , great price
these are amazing brushes ! ! they are sooo soft and the sizes are awesome . you cant go wrong just try them ...
suds up and washes off easily , and get a good amount of shampoo for the price . would probably buy again .
the rough part wore off very fast ( after 3 manicures ) leaving a smooth patches on the file which is pointless . save your money .
this works in a pinch . it works pretty well - not entirely but pretty well . youse try using more than less .
the sweet orange oil is very nice . it reminds me of a freshly zested sweet orange . very nice . i would buy again .
this is one of my favorites . great summer polish . coverage is good . this is more of a matte polish - no frosty look here .
very good makeup remover , doesn't harm my skin and i don't need to apply it that many times for the makeup to come off .
i loved this product and will buy more of it . the scent is nice and not to heavy . this is a repeat purchase .
these bobby pins work great and the 2 colors are nice and they match several hair colors ! good price on them too !
for nail use , easy application when using the right glue and amount . used this for other artistic applications ... works great . created earrings outta these too .
the bristles are the right length and stay together nicely to make a nice line for french manicures . good price .
these are perfect for organizing my polish collection . i really really like them and the price is amazing too !
i don't know if it works i don't like the consistency of this product and did not continue to use .
love the smell and how soft it makes your hands . hard to find in stores . found it on amazon and now order it when i get low .
although i did receive this product for free that does not mean my review is biased and this product is completely worth every penny .
i was very , very , very pleased with this product and was more than satisfied with how it worked on my hair .
this did absolutely nothing for my lashes . did not help them grow , didn't help with lash loss . total waste of money .
this is a nice , sleek and durable blow dryer . very easy to handle and operate . cool color . i would definitely recommend it .
especially in the summertime , i found this product great for my skin ; very soothing and beneficial to my skin . very good
bought this for a cousin of mine .. she loves it .. says it's great ... love the heat adjustments ... it's a good buy and i would recommend
chelsea girls is a great color for everyday wear . it adds just a little polish to my on the go mom look .
another winner from shany . great case for traveling . super sturdy and durable . and a place for my ocd self to organize everything ! great buy !
this is by far the best witch hazel i have ever used . the smell is delicious . a hint of rose aroma . i will be purchasing again .
this brush applies the powder evenly and lightly so as not to cake your face . definitely well worth the price !
covers pretty good but i am not sure if it brightens skin . i didn't notice any dark spots lightening . this is why i don't give 5 stars
i will get it again its a good product with the matching acrylic . good price for the amount you get !
this stuff is great but they hiked the price way up , which makes it very undesirable for me to purchase .
for sure get it , one of the best curling iron ever i had . i like it very much , and i recommend it .
loved this spray after the first spritz.it smells lovely ... not too heavy of rose but subtle . will bring this on airplane flights .
i like the product . it is indeed refreshing every time i use it . i will be happy to order again
all is good , just the " black " rain stone like on the picture ( why i ordered it ) isnt in it :-( other color instate
very good quality flat iron with temp gauge . does a very good job of heat up fast and easy to use
it is very decent drug store concealer . it covers under eye circles and other problematic areas , blends well and does not settle into wrinkles .
absolutely love the product can't wait to use it can't wait to do my friends nails so i can make them look even more better than now
goes on really thick and pasty . not really a color that you can wear alone , which was disappointing for me .
awesome first kit ! everything is perfect for a starter . the only thing is the acrylics are tiny . you will run out after a few sets .
this brush works great on my hair without pulling it and hurting my head . it is a great brush to have
this brand is really well made i love mac and will start purchasing these brushes . they work just as good as mac and cheaper .
i love this champagne color . it works good . i recommend this to buyers who want it . it makes your nails look super pretty .
i like this blow dryer i straightened my hair as soon as i got it and it works like magic .
all my review are the same on this polish , just great and very pretty colorhope this helps all you gals .
this is such a beautiful shade of purple . perfect for spring or summer . i've been wearing it for 7 days so far and zero chips .
it's a pretty color and i like it but it doesn't stay very long on your lips . not sure if i'll reorder .
i received it ahead of time which is always prefect.its everything the description said it would be , it works great i would buy again .
i used this oil on my hair to help with dryness and it's helped so much ! way easier to manage and so much softer .
this sleeping mask is very good . doesnt feel like is tighting my head and wont let light bothers me . i recommend this !
i think i am going to like the makeup set and if i do i will get another one for my granddaughter .
after reading rave reviews , i was not that impressed . this felt like heavy makeup being applied to my legs not good for my use
this is a really great concealer and very light weight . it is the only concealer that i have found that can match my complexion and undertones .
this is a lovely gourmand with orange and spice , reminding me of the christmas season . suitable for all ages , day or evening wear and great value .
great stuff and great price ! ! i have to write 15 words so i am writing more and more . i hope this helps your purchase :-)
i use these for relief when my eyes are messed up.it works great.have purchased 2 times , will again when i need more .
not much to say about this it cleans my hair and does a good job of it will be buying more shipped and rec on time .
i saw an improvement in my skin tone within a few days , excellent product . worth the price , recommend this highly
i can't tell whether it's actually removing impurities but i can say that my skin definitely appears firmer and looks healthier after each use .
one star because it is in a plastic bottle so it surely is not pure . plastic is very toxic . what a joke .
the top and base coats last about three weeks on my nail . happy with this product . would buy this brand .
great blush for work every day look , goes on beautifully , not cakey or powdery , just a beautiful finished perfected look .
this product is great it works good in removing the nail polish with out all the mess , i just wish it came with more stipe .
it smells sooo good and it makes your hair look shiny and nice ! ! (: i love this product . will definitely buy again .
what's the big deal with these facial cleaners ? my washcloth does the same thing for a lot less money . not worth it in my opinion .
i have really naturally curly hair , and this is not to crunchy , but gives my hair the perfect amount of volume and smells fabulous . try it !
pretty good hair dryer . it got my hair dry and straight . i love the changeable brushes and that it is lightweight , too .
these are sturdy little devils . i've shared them with family and all think they're handy . i have three two one more word ...
great comb does not take hair out and works well when conditioning my hair . was a great price as well.thank you !
my teens favorite brand , lime crime , goes on exactly like picture , opaque , bright and creamy , best suited for younger people .
its ok relay , its not easy to use . it does not stay on the nail :( then the top coat tales it off
not sure if the lashes are human hair or not or if i can re-use them but i love them . i love the selection
like it well used a couple bottles or so for my tanning during the summer it works very well thanks
very natural looking and my skin felt great . it's long-lasting as well . very moisturizing and gentle on my very sensitive skin .
awesome lipstick , every girl should try it , great price with fabulous quality , sure i will have more different colors from this stuff
product was defective . the aerosol cap was missing so there was no way to dispense the product . do not waste your money ! ! !
plus you're getting four sponges instead of one . i love having more than one sponge when i'm in between cleaning makeup brushes and sponges .
my kids loves this shampoo . it has a great smell and it lathers really good . my kids loving washing their hair .
nice brushes different colora and aizws got at a good prce so that lakes me happy ajd seems to work qell.the brushees when i tryed thwm
i'm happy with this product . it moistures and the color is perfect . it's pricey but worth every penny . i highly recommend over nyx lip butter
i have not tried it yet ... i am glad that it got here on time . will have to edit review once i have tried it .
not pictured , very thin , bad stitches . i had to buy extra hair to fix it . not a very good quality wig .
motions straight finish leave in conditioner is a 8 ounce product that actually does the job it describes . fabulous for humidity in the summer .
condition the hair and smell great , but nothing else . this is my first and last bottle . love ... the conditioner though .
received a free sample of this at a mall and got hooked on it . a few drops is all you need .
i got it way sooner than expected . i'm going on vacation next week and i'm so excited i get to show them off . ty ty ty !
this product is great . it seemed to make a difference to my face almost immediately . i've already ordered another bottle . delivery was on time .
this stuff smells awful , like rotting apples . otherwise it's a good product but if you are fragrance sensitive i would choose a different deep conditioner .
this is a great , fresh smelling product that leaves your skin feeling super clean . i would definitely recommended it to anyone .
they work but i had to add more nail polish to them they seemed extremely dry at first to me
tried for a month and just didn't see a difference in my skin being more hydrated or anything . great piece though . going to try a different brand .
this didn't seem to last very long and it wasn't cheap , so i don't thik i would buy this product again .
compliments everywhere i go with this polish ! have been wearing it for two years now ! i call it my signature color ! have gold flecks in it .
as a hairstylist , this is the best diffuser . it's light , it works and fits any blow dryer ! been using hot sock for years
i prefer either the stippling brush or the expert face brush to apply foundation . used it for my concealor but prefer the foundation brush in the travel kit .
bought it again . it does a wonderful stuff . using at night and feel water on your skin . i love it
every yes product labeled with all the different headings blueberries , cucumber , on and on , all have the same ingredients ! ! ! see for yourself !
nothing different that the other except the price but when i account it it same as here in uae really / / /
this really helps me comb through my wet thin hair , major detangler and smells so good leaves my hair soft and smooth .
these are delicious supplements . nice big bottle with a serving size of 2 . i love gummy supplements and these are some of the best tasting i've tried .
we are a dove household and my guys like this scent . it's nice but not overwhelming and the color is great .
i use nothing but this product on my eyelashes . i cannot stand the hastleof mascara and this makes my lashes look long with keeping them healthy .
this is a nice lightweight cream , that is quite effective in smoothing out your skintone ! the price is also quite low , for this type of product !
used this to repair my nails after the horrors of using acrylic . builds strength and works wonders ! top quality product .
this smells amazing . i got this to put in my homemade body butter and it couldn't smell any better . i love this !
i love the smell , this product just makes you feel good . you can mixed with a natural moisturizer and used in face or body . great product
highly recommend it . solve my girl's long-term tangled hair . she likes it so much that she brushes her hair herself .
it adds a nice pink tint . has lots of girly sparkles . not worth the extra money but maybe if you find it on sale .
i would definitely recommend this to everyone love their plates images pick up great love this product got here in time
this is an easy form of magnesium and is absorbed much better than the oral magnesium oxide . it tastes pretty good as well . good supplementation !
this also is a great light scent . i use this every day since it came in the mail . the title is cute
their almost used up ! between my daughters and myself , i may have to buy more makes great designs must by more !
overall i have noticed diminished sun spots in just a few weeks ; love this mini size kit because it works great for traveling .
you can't go wrong with this purchase for the price . i am a gelish addict . shipped fast too . i recommend getting this set .
this item smell great and use it each 2 days and it is great for use me and my wife .
its like a fake gold necklace making those designs . i like it because its different but its metal like . ok
i've been using this lotion for several years . it's not oily or sticky . it absorbs nicely and moisturizes your skin well . i love it !
i have tried many under eye anti wrinkle creams and this is my favorite ... worth the price too ! go for it !
this is a beautiful hair comb and is lighter in weight than most of the others . i think i will get anotherone . thank you .
this little three sided nail buffer is a very clever way to nicer nails with a simple 1 , 2 , 3 sequence.very convenient .
i love to travel with ponds towelettes for cleaning my face . it packs much easier than liquid cleansers and does does a great job .
this is the only lotion i use . i have been using this for over ten years now . love it ! !
this is the longest lasting , most gentle perm that we've tried . it appears to be pretty easy on the scalp as well . best around !
really love how this product has helped to reduce the fine wrinkle lines on my face . great product and will buy again .
i wash my hair and did a deep treatment , omg my hair is so healthy and soft ... i would recommend for everyoen to use
i do not like this . for all that ill wash my hair . leaves residue and makes your hair feel weird
goes on great looks great color is very rich received quickly and packed very well , price is great , will buy again
the pigmentation is not great ... it needs a lot of the product to get the ideal color . but it works ...
the john frieda line of products are perfect for blondes with color treated hair . this conditioner is gentle and maintains color .
i have only used 1 pair of the 20 pairs of false eyelashes , but it was perfect . i would buy these again .
this stuff really works , very happy i got it . i was always having trouble with smearing my nail polish
it has an odd smell , very runny & leaves a dulling film on hair . store upside down as it will leak .
i love this product but it was kind of sharp in the side so i had kind of paper cut or something but other than that i love the product
goes on easy , looks natural and stays on . only have to use soap to get off . great product and i highly recommend it ! ! !
this is a great addition to anyone's home nail salon . the rhinestones looks really nice . they are just the right size .
worth every penny . best eye brush set ive ever owned . if you are looking for something that will last you , this is it .
i love dermarolling . i would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to increase the thickness of their skin . yup !
i like this nail product . i am trying to get my nails to grow and this was recommended by my cousin who has beautiful nails .
this oil is for all skin types . it will not give you pimples or anything . it is wonderfull all over the face and body .
i did a lot of research on this product and color . deff . is smooth and the color deff just like in the picture
this a great brush for blow drying my fine hair . gets every hair in the crown area and helps give me extra fullness with no static .
once i primed this stamper i fell in love ! ! ! i highly recommend this stamper ! ! !
i bought this item because i needed an easy way to designed my nails and this item works very well i would diffidently buy this item again
i have used it a couple of times , and it makes my hair look dull . i'll probably end up throwing it out .
love this product ... it adds so much personality to nails & toes ... have to be gentle whrn using them , they roll everywhere lol ! thank you
i did not notice any results from this product . in fact , it seems to wear off and chip rather easily .
has little rice bits to exfoliate the skin , but this product doesn't really live up to all the hype imo .
this hair clip is simply lovely . it looks very vintage . the crystals are vibrant and appear well-set . the clip mechanism functions well .
makes my skin flake and doesn't go on smooth . i will keep my avon brush that i purchased for very cheap .
love the color and the texture . this is just like the one i buy in target .
i do my nails myself every week . these bows were not in the way on my nails . they come in a great selection of colors .
i see alot of change in my skin right after i use it .. my skin looks alot brighter , and my dark spots look more gone ..
love this color . i love opi . i always get compliments when i wear this polish . it is great for st . patty's day ! ! !
i got two wheels ! and an extra surprise ! happy with my purchase ! ! the bows are just the right size for nails .
this was bought for my homemade haircare line ... i've always loved tea tree , the smell and what it does for the hair .
i use citronella oil in a blend of essential oils and witch hazel for spray mosquito repellant , it works great . great product .
this looks fantastic on alot of skin tones & works perfect with my fair skin it's not too nude & it''s not greasy . my lips are in love :)
packaged individually , easy to start pull tab , sticky tape stays on until you pull it off . small price to see if you enjoy doing this .
i use this most days . and i used this before , just bought it online because it was easy and i have prime . thanks !
this is like a basic item everyone should have . i don't use it all the time but it's nice to have .
these brushes are very soft and high quality . comes with a nice selection and a cute case . good price too .
i finally found a lip gloss that stays where i put it . my lips are really soft since i started using this !
maybe it's just me , but i couldn't get it to do anything in my hair . i love the idea , but i couldn't get it to stay .
this new mosturizer worked great . it was easy to apply and you could feel the mosturizing effects . i will buy this again .
great quality and smooth application . long lasting and not at all gritty . it is a great product for the price .
we use this faithfully to prevent bedsores on a bedridden patient who is incontinent . the barrier cream really protects the skin from breaking down !
its easy to use , the waves last all day , very good quality for the price , i really recomend this curling iron
such a good price on this very good hair product - have used it for many , many years and always happy with the results .
this product has good coverage , but feels nice and light on your face . compact enough for purse - very nice overall .
it takes the make up off really well but its really harsh on my skin still even though it says it is for senstive skin .
what i really like was the color ... and for the price i think the quality is not that bad . i liked them .
great for the price , i love the dual action but unfortunatley the top does not stay connected to the base
i didn't do anything for my hair than any other biotin which is why i will not be repurchasing . ( i'll stick to spring valley brand )
i love this handy hair dryer . works well with all types of hair and is dual voltage . overall a wise choice .
very nice palette for a evening or day look the colors are very pigmented and easy to use . this is my go to look for everyday !
this reconstructor is excellent ! much better than i expected . i recomend for very dry hair or damaged by chemical process .
a very simple oin expensive plastic ocntainer with lid that has cutouts for the brushes . it works perfectly . sometiems the simple approach is the best approach .
this glitter is perfect ! ! i think i may need to order a 2nd bottle . great shimmer ! cant wait to wear this one out around town .
i always make sure to keep this in my makeup stash . it's very easy and simple to apply , and makes for very cute eyeliner looks .
this wig is very shiny . good wig to wear at night or with baseball cap . not bad for the money .
i put it on every morning . on face , apply it after you put on your moisturizer . give it a few minutes to soak in .
problem zits no more put it on and leave it on over night and the zit will be gone or went down where it doesn ` t look so bad
item does what it says ! bought them to protect my hands i do my own gel about every three weeks
i got the lipstick and i really like it because it is a nice dark color and i can use it to match anything .
my absolute favorite wash and go curling solution . only problem is almost impossible to find elsewhere.thank you so much . will buy again !
this product felt sooo good on my face . i didn't use the make up afterward but it felt like a great moisturizer .
love these . they do leave a lingering peach bellini scent and keep my skin looking even , feeling smooth , and staying clear .
great oil ... i use it in laundry detergent and it works great ... it smells really good too ... a must have for the product mixer
really love the cnd products and can't say enough ! all the colors and products are a must buy and true to colors seen .
excellent product and is great for sensitive , dry skin . i love that i am able to get different fragrances and scents
regular qtips , nothing really special to mention but then again they are qtips , they do what they do and thats it
i don't notice any difference in my hair or styling when using this product . this has been disappointing for the price .
i only need a dab once in a while but it really does the job . i think my hair spray may irritate my scalp .
if you have dark brown lashes , this takes 10 or so coats to show up the slightest bit blue . and it only shows in bright white light .
the vibration is very impressive . i've tried and my eyes feel comfortable . hope it work for the puffiness and dark circle under my eyes . thanks .
this is awesome . a very light coat will do the job and it drys so quick i don't have to worry about messing up my nails anymore .
good colour variety , excellent pigments . when used with a good eye shadow primer the colors not only look good but last long , atleast 8 hrs .
it's nothing amazing but it does the trick for everyday mascara . i might buy it again because it's fairly cheap .
i love all the different colors to choose from ! great value for the price and if you love nail polish like i do this would be the place !
its color is difrent from the one in the pic so it was a little tick when i got it , but its just like the pic so awesome .
how did i make it this far in life without owning for audrey ? this is the perfect light blue polish
i have many of these vintage clips , and they are all very beautiful , especially this color . they look very expensive , and hold my bangs well .
nice smell and leaves my hair feeling soft . helps make my hair easy to detangle and comb out after washing .
this is an excellent product i've used for years . be sure to stroke upward on neck and face in the process of applying the contents of both tubes .
didnt like it i prob will keep it and later throw it out or give my mum see if it works for her was waste of money !
i love the brush ~ and it is natural and organic . and it suits perfect for my oily nose and i like the tone of it .
love this product and have used it for some time . i have baby fine hair and this product doesn't weight my hair down like some do .
i like it , for the most part , its true to color . its works well to be a pencil lip liner .
these are very affordable and make your feet feel better . it smells very therapeutic , which i like . you can't make this homemade for less .
i love this stuff , best worn in the evenings like on a date , or to a party . what can i say ... i love it .
these are heavyweight and effective . the nippers are sharp and the cuticle pushers are also of nice quality . great price too .
works very good on my hair . it makes my hair smooth and less tangely . even my husband likes using this conditioner .
this tool is fantastic . i was using scissors or nail clippers before to cut the acrylic nails , but this really makes my life easier !
i bought this because it had everything i needed in one kit and it does works well would recommend it to anyone
the only issue i have is that it hurts lol , but after using it a few times , i actually like it
been using this foundation 2 years . flawless finish , last all day , feels like silk going on , great coverage.only product i will use .
tresemme products are great and amazing . i love that they all work so well together . always look for the deals . it's well worth it .
i rate this product as a 5 star products , it is match my color and skin , love it so much .
i love this color . essie is a great nail polish and goes on great and lasts long . would highly recommend
very good for an everyday face moisturizer . i was pleasantly surprised , especially for the price . i love most all of ptr products .
i should have gotten more than 1 " , i got ir rather quickly , feels like a sturdy flat iron , that will last .
pleasantly surprised ! loved the color of the blush and the bronzer was very blend-able . definitely purchasing this product again :)
this is a nice opaque green . the ' pixie dust ' is not scratchy . i really like this polish . it's a nice fall / winter color .
i seen little change in my skin and i used up the two bottles . but i did see a change in my sisters skin and shes darker then me
love the color variety in this wheel . the stones are a nice size to work with , and they look amazing !
leaves my hair smooth and silky . i love how it softens my hair . definitely a must . i recommend it to anyone .
honestly this makes me break out in little pimples all over my forehead . they do clear up soon but it is still aggravating .
this is the best conditioner i have ever used it is so creamy and my hair loves it . i am african-american and it did wonders for my hair !
it is ok don't know about the hair growth part but it does loosens up your braids so it semi works
this is a must have hair clip . it is really gorgeous , but can wear it every day . it is light enough for fine hair . beautiful .
good . i gave it to my co-worker as a christmas present , they love it . but cant find it anymore ...
this was a gift and i cann't rate this now . i hope to ask something about this to my friend and then i'll rate the product .
this product is a replacement product . it is required final step product . my wife and daughters love the shellac products .
i used this product on my stubby blond eyelashes , wishing desperately for it to work . after several weeks i see no improvement and am very disappointed .
smells great and softens skin . i thought it would do more , perhaps the higher strength of this peel would be better .
i have really bad dry skin and i use this and it is fine . nothing spectacular but its good for dry skin .
first time trying this kind of stuff and this thing is perfect . i would definitely recommend this to someone wanting to improve his / her skin .
i love this conditioner . the fragrance is subtle and natural and it does a really great job of conditioning my dry hair .
these are very good . it doesnt have that much but its srill a good buy . i ordered 2 and they have star hearts and squares
these were super thin and broke off so easily . i've received other.colors i liked that were not like this . i'm not too pleased .
small and handy for a instant make up anywhere ... i am very pleasent with my acquaintence ! ! i do recomend it !
smells super good and it leaves your hair soft and silky after using it . i would recommend it to anyone .
i was surprised when i got this shadow . it was broken and very tiny . i would not buy it , but even the return is not worth .
turns and ordinary pony tail into a nice hair do for work . quick and easy to use with many styles .
this is a perfect nude for my fair skin tone ! make sure to use thin coats otherwise it will end up looking terrible .
i love it . they should've thought about this back in the day because i dont recall any of these products may the brush
i love this bright vibrant lipstick . it applies well and stay on long even when you eat . this is fabulous .
this set was supposed to come with 20 but i ordered 2 sets so there should 40 it only came with 20 when i payed for 40
it has helped my complexion greatly , the acne i used to get is nearly non-existent . i would recommend to anyone .
this hair is only good for a week then you have to throw it a way keep in mind that this is synthetic hair .
i really liked the rich color . and yes , i would recommend it to my friends . it stayed on all day without creasing .
can be useful on many thing other than your nails.clothen art and crafts where ever your mind takes you enjoy .
i love how this stuff makes my face soft after washing it off . it goes on great , and makes my skin feel pretty .
very disappointed in the aroma not like any sandalwood i've ever experienced . would not recommend or purchase again and i don't use it because of this .
i'm picky about perfume , and i love this scent . the bottle is cute . i haven't noticed it wearing away quickly .
i own one i bought few month back . it's good quality . i bought this for my sister . i recommend this shower head .
but it is very waxy . it does seem to work , so i'll keep using it . it does not " blend in " like a lotion would .
you get exactly what you see and these are worth every penny . what a huge difference they make with the application of your makeup .
fast delivery , easy to apply and use . the products work great and my nail polish stays on for a long period of time
this item is really awesome and the price was great . it came earlier than i expected . it was exactly what i expected .
i enjoy this product , it make my lashes look good , use about 2 coats daily and it comes off really well .
i am in love with all the colors they are so warm and sexy in a way ! you can make many different looks which is a huge plus !
i have done several designs on these and like each one . just wish you could put the acrylics on and off to learn the real thing .
i'm glad i saw this on youtube . i fill in my brows daily and love the fact that they look the same way all day long .
classic beautiful color . revlon makes great lip product . this is probably one of my favorite colors they offer . highly recommend it . perfect for winter
very mild and luxurious soap it cleans and leaves your hands feeling relaxed , refreshed and ready to do battle again ! i highly recommended it .
i have fine , colored hair and this product works very well for me . it helps calm down all the fly aways and keeps my hair healthy
a little on the tough side to clean and they spill a little but its all about management and i really have no complaints .
very happy with these nail jewels ... and comes in handy case too ! shipping took a while ... still extremely satisfied with this purchase ..
i have thick long hair , and i only need a little to condition my hair !
i purchased this product its perfect for acne but it does clear your face.like the fact that it is a scrub and shipping was fast ...
it's so simple to use . i like it so much . if you want to have a stylish hair like me hurry up .
i used this and had no peeling or results so i suggest you use lactic acid with no gel mixed . just heavy alavert after treatment .
the hairs of the brushes were all apart and twisted . i think it was due to the way it was packaged .
great product for colored hair . needs very little shampoo to clean hair and leave it feeling very soft and clean .
its good but it did not peel as much as i would have wanted . i will purchase again.live
i don't like this mask at all . it is very dry and put for 1-2 minutes , it didn't work for the skin at all .
these scissors work fine except every so often the screw comes undone and you have to stop and fix them . its really anoying .
a good price and my face feel new everytime i use this . it gets the job done very well . try it ! ! !
i needed a neck cream as i am 52 and neck is looking bad . with bleach cream has got alot better in time
i purchased this to add to homemade beauty products . it does a great job , and i think it's a good quality product .
i bought this to tip my nails when i paint them black . with just one coat the silver just pops .
this shadow is a very pretty color but is not what i expected . it does not look like the photo of it , but i do like it .
this headband was forced into a way too small envelope and the beading was crushed as well as missing lots of beads . very disappointed
really really good ! it giver the eyelashes a perfect look ! very wide open eyes and it is very easy to use .
not sure if it works it's very watery and just runs right off my scalp for my natural hair type
beautiful color , looks great on . creamy and shiny . color stays on and looked good between nail appointments . highly recommended - does not disappoint
this fragrance is definitely great for lovers of good smell , quality highlights in the duration in the body and maintains its scent for many hours , recommended
😔 sorry this gel polish didn't work for me . it wiped off when doing the wipe off step which i followed according to the directions .
i do enjoy these brushes and the way they are arranged on the brush bag . this is a great purchase !
these work just as well as the very expensive sponge called the beautyblender , except with this you get 2 different shapes and 4 sponges . totally worth it !
this make up brush set is awesome , i love the color and they are very well made . thank you so much =)
i wear these in the stand up bed to avoid lines from my other goggles with the straps . sticks the whole time
this is a must have for those hard to tame edges . this product isn't greasy and lays your hair down very well .
i haven't use this product yet but waiting for a month to do so . i will come back and let you know how it work .
good deal for the money ! you will have every type of makeup brush available at your finger tips . great buy !
really big bottle . light tropical coconutty scent . doesn't have very much moisturizing power though . okay if you are looking for a light moisturizer .
i mix this with other oils , to put in my hair along with my cantu shea butter . i like it a lot
i really like it . the consistency is a little unusual for me , but it cleans my face well and it does not break me out .
i love this lipstick ! ! its not as light as it looks , but its still very purple and i love it ! good purchase !
so durable and strong works on all nails whether real or fake . clean cut just wonderful . so easy to handle .
don't be impressed with expensive price tags and promises that are appealing . i love alpha product line and it is always part of my regimen .
love the dark colors but the size of the palette is deceiving it's smaller than the picture shown , but handy
i would recommend roc to anyone who really wants a cream that works . i will keep on using it because i really like it
i use this to keep my nails growing . it makes them grow faster . and they look better too . i order it when ever i run out .
neutrogena really did a great job with this product . it does gentle , yet effectively clean your skin without irritating it . but do remember to rinse completely .
healthier version of jelly . works well , but i wish they gave more . the tube is so small for the price you pay .
great brush works well , just the products used on the brush were not so great , but this brush works fine .
not sure if it was the heat froms hipping or what but this was like dirty water . nothing smooth or creamy at all . yuck
very cute to add fashion to your nails , they come in different sizes to make different designs . good deal for the money
i liked this lotion and iv tried a lot . worked well . smelled decent . its a good lotion for the price
can't go wrong with sigma brushes . this is an authentic sigma brush so order with confidence . this brush is a must have in every make-up junkie's collection .
applies very evenly , no harsh artificial line , good value for the money , makes green eyes pop ! will definitely buy again !
love it page was good love what i got was not crak when i got it love it going to by more
got it today and i am happy was well rapt i am def ordering some more i use black nail polish a lot
awesome color , dries quickly ! i recommend definitely ! ! easy to put designs over and easy to take off . my daughter also wore this color .
wish i had seen the hand tray before i bought this . this takes too much acetone to be honest . yeah
i love it is why i give this an a + . great lotion and feels very good on my skin . i do recommend this lotion .
i always get the darkest most even tan from this product . i have tried many others but this is the best .
these are convenient and a great price , and smell great . just be aware that each oil stick is only about 1/2 full at best .
i like my purchase the stones just seem smaller than average for nail designs but i'm overall happy with it
i love the smooth texture of this product . it makes my skin feel smooth and soft like a baby's butt .
so soft and helps blend the brush great on your face ... i love real techniques brushes ... they are all so awesome ... a must have
i ordetred this to make some facial products and it is just fine , it blends well and is as described .
great for the price . not totally waterproof but pretty good . it glides on pretty smooth and sets pretty fast . i am happy with it .
if you have curly hair , you should try this product . it helps keep your curls in place all day . use this with their other products .
i just got these today and my neighbors little girls loved the design i made with them surely a must buy
love it and will buy it again becasue it is organic and effective specially for my oily skin type face .
bought this for nail art.the big fat brush is good for spreading dust glitters and small one for other purposes.they will last long .
these tool works much better than using normal tweezer to correctly place false eyelashes . glad i purchased them and recommended them to friends
i use this with the infusing oil as well . i use it as conditioner with the macadamia shampoo . love it
not the best mascara but good for summer use if you know you're going to get wet . doesn't add much volume or lengthen but does darken
works just as described . i am so glad i purchased this . it looks so nice with all of my nail polishes are organized .
like the color but have to use up to 3 coats to get it completely opaque other wise you see light areas through your nails but very nice color
this products came earlier than expected ! great and nice products ! but they are kind of small ! but i will buy again !
nice sheer white color , three coats makes the bottle color . not an opaque white , good for jelly sandwich nails design .
bought this because i have flakes on my shirts . read about this , i still have flakes , i have tried everything
nail plates fit perfect . easy to flip and view designs . smells a bit at first like plastic but no biggie . i recommend .
i love this eyeliner ! i goes on great and stays on ! the only problem is the tips seem to get ruined awfully fast .
this product lives up to it's reviews . it doesn't leave hair with the ick factor , de frizzes curls .
works great for my dry winter skin i went back and ordered the big container will order again . thank you
shea butter is great for summer sunburns or adding a hint of shimmer to tan legs . this shea butter came quickly in a decorative tub and smells great !
i love freeman masks , this smells good and really works well . i can feel my pores tighten and detox and i will buy more .
yes i tan , and they charge $ . 50 for each set of these in the salon . the price was great so i grabbed them .
the lotion is not smelly , it's light and refreshing and calming , exactly what i wanted . like it a lot . and not too expensive .
takes a little practice , but once you get the hang of it you won't be disappointed . creates beautiful long lasting waves .
i use this in combination with niacinamide cream and it has made a huge difference in the smoothness of my skin and fine lines
got it with the stamping kit which doesn't work so i just use the polish cute cute color but had to 4 star cause not usable for intended purpose
this didn't hold my curls not one bit , i might as well put nothing in my hair . you get what you pay for .
don't buy this stuff . it is smelly and does nothing it says it should do to help . a real joke .
this product really helped the polish stay on my fingers ... but it's easy to apply and fast drying to add the next color cost ... great product
does nothing for my hair , no volume increase at all , my { blonde ) hair just looks ashen when i use it , even after brushing .
some were dry some were not . since they can be refilled its not a problem . love how many tips they give . helps out to make fast corrections
big enough for 4-5 small eyeshadow pans and one wacky shaped bronzer pan . would fit a lot more if my makeup was all reasonably shaped . love it .
this is the prettiest blush everi love it soooo much it makes you look warm and pretty at the same time
it makes the nails so nice and with that finish look .. it looks good over top of any color even clear ..
i use these pads every night and i was so happy to see that amazon carried them and i didn't have to pay so much for them .
i love this liquid hand soap , the lemon verbena scent is wonderful , i keep this by my kitchen sink . it is a great product .
it was all right , a nice silver glitter , small in size . gives a nice sparkle to any color . i have no complaints .
totally love essie polishes . i come back to this color all the time . it is seems extra shiny ( is that even possible ? )
5 stars . smells good . good product for shorter hair . surprising good hold for most of the day . would buy it again .
i've ordered these in many shapes and designs . i love them . only complaint is they are small and thin making them a little difficult to use .
have gotten a fair amoutn of use out of this , konad is definately good quality - tip , their polishes are good but you can use other polishes too
i have long , dry , coarse hair . the moisture recovery shampoo & condition make it feel soft . i would definitely recommend this to a friend .
the product is made of high quality material . it is much larger than i expected it to be , which makes it a better deal .
love this product absolutly love this it helps my psorasis so much . just love how much it clears them up after using this
these brushes are amazing ! ! they apply my makeup so well and leave it looking flawless , i want all of them .
the price maybe its good , but , it needs a lot of time to dry.its good for beginners . lol lol
i only wear blue eye liner , it work very well , especially with golden rose perfect lash blue mascara what a high light , great compliments
fresh and romantic . smells very rosey and clean . i love this perfume and it lasts most of the day . very light and airy .
when i received this i thought it was going to be liquid liner but it is powder so i did not like the application of it .
works great , making hair is so easy now ! i could even make my mixed-race daughter's curls straight with it ! does what it promises !
this colors are great ! i would buy this pallet again . they are true to color , and they last all day .
i own all of the aurora collection and they are all amazing for layering . don't care for them by themselves though !
this stuff is great i cant say enough i use alone or with foundation i love the even skin tone i get . and the look company is great to
i love avene products . they are unscented and do what they are supposed to do . very smooth and creamy , blends in just perfectly .
not only does this smell amazing , but the scent lasts for hours and hours , especially when u wear it with the body wash and body lotion .
i use a little before my make up and it looks flawless ! my skin is moisturized all day :) i would buy again & again .
love this ... doesn't what it's supposed to . just make sure you wipe the end you're using off with remover between each print .
this cleanser came with the oral x pro brush set and i use it every morning ... my skin has become so soft and clean looking ... almost a glow
nice , soft fragrance and works wonderfully . i think dove products are usually quite gentle and this is just perfect . 5 stars
this goes on grease-less and absorbs quickly . i love working outdoors and keep my hands wet a lot . this is a great product for me .
easy to assemble . the gadgets are easy to use . the quality is that of the tools like these you see in professional salons .
this is the perfect summer color . its so cute and the perfect pinky / orange combo . will definitely be wearing this all summer !
very easy to use , makes it possible to use it daily . light texture is perfect for under makeup .
the colors on this pallet are nice , but only dime sized . the pigmentation is not that great . this might be good for a teenager .
i like thed the product but the drawback is how dark it is . would have been great if it was not so dark
product has changed in the last year , i now fine it too thick and very difficult to apply to lashes
they're exactly what they're described as . if you like the pro-x face washer , the replacement heads are the same thing , just new heads .
it was somewhat effective but i was expecting more oil control ... i have oily skin so i am always looking for good products ... this one was average
jergens is a good brand and you cant mess that up . all in all it is thick and great for dry skin - it also last a while
i love the array of colors ! it is a very versatile palette as well as a high quality product . the price makes it even better !
i thought with the price that they were going to be cheaply made but they are not they are perfect brushes
i'm def no make up pro , and i bet there are better ones out there but i like this one because it is cheap and does its job :)
i thought i was ordering much bigger brushes . very disappointed when i recieved this product . i really love the ecotools products .
bought this for hot cancun . i could swim and sun bath and no running or flaking.comes off easily with make-up remover .
this is brush is great . all of my brushes are from sigma , and i love every single one of them .
i have previously bought this soap in lavender but decided to try it in patchouli and i am impressed that i plan on buying more .
these clips are strong and work well for me . i have coarse thick hair and they work perfectly . these were received on time and packed well .
i really love the color , but was unaware that it was sparkly which kind of kills it . i recommend this for the colder seasons .
i use this over my makeup to give a boost ( very small amount is used ) . definitely a product worth keeping in your arsenal of makeup products
it stick really well but it dry gray for me and my eyeliner is really black but only in pic but for daily use is ok
nice feel , sinks in , nice scent , very soft , great for feet
the frangrance is nice and it really moisturizes your skin throughout the day . i use it as a daily moisturizer and after tanning skin care lotion .
it came with a lot of brushes and it kind of bulky but i loved it . they're awesome . definitely worth their price .
this color is amazing ! it can be used as a four season color . the color glides on the nail beautifully !
great bag . it's really spacey and seems well made . i like that the smaller bag fits right in and i love the look too !
this did not make my blowdrying process " rapid " at all . it made my hair feel dry and crunchy . save your money .
i find the hook side works better on the blackheads but you still have to put a significant amount of preasure to get the blemish out .
i just love this set ! from cleaning excess polish to designing , it works perfectly.really worth for the price ! =]
i feel it really works well on my neck . a nice luxurious cream and does help in lifting / firming the skin under the neck area .
this stuff is amazing ! draws in moisture , not greasy , great under makeup ! what more can i say ? ? ? great freakin ' stuff ! !
i love essie polish ! this color is so fun and is so pretty ! i use it as a base and accent - everyone needs it !
great price for a light that works on gelish , i usually double expose my nails just in case but it definitely works on gelish
i love this tool . it really has helped me in the process of applying my eyelashes . i would recommend to my friends .
love this cuticle oil . easy to put on and easy to store . i use it every other day and keeps my nail hydrated .
it was wasy to use and i like it and it does seem to help makeup last in hot weather .
organic cocoa butter - unrefined - 3 oz . is nice cocoa butter and works exactly like a good cocoa butter should .
i do not like this flat iron , it gets too hot and the lowest setting is 310 , and even with that my hair feels fried .
it was a very nice product to have and there were a lot of pretty designs and colors ! and it was for a good price ! !
although the color was a bit light for my skin tone it still looks great . very smooth and doesn't get into all of the wrinkles .
this product does a great job making the appearance of my cellulite look less dramatic . i believe that with continued use , my results will look even better .
granddaughter loves this product it is a great value and she and her friends can spend lots of time designing the perfect nail ! it also shipped very fast .
i love this cream non greasy , and really hydrates my sking , and works well under makeup , will buy again for sure
this color is true to the bottle color . i think this is a very pretty color . this was a definite must have color .
the elastic band holding it on is too short , rendering it way too tight for my head . a silly place to skimp . i would not recommend .
i have bought many deep steep bubble baths . i also like to use them as body washes . they smelll great and have a great lather .
this was purchased as a gift for my baby sister . she is in love with opi products and said this was by far one of their best items .
i am very pleased with these pads i only use them once a week and they make my face glow
cheap material , flimsy . it was teared up with a few weeks of use . the size is not your average-size purse friendly .
not too sure this is working . had cavi-lipo also before this for cellulite but not sure lany of it works .
before this marker , i useually used a crayon eyeliner . this marker is so much better . never smudges ! even on a hot & sweaty day !
i gave this five stairs because it worked well on my natural hair , the order was shipped fast and packaged well .
they look redonkulously fake on my bottom lash less eyes , but it don't think they're too horribly made ! easy to apply
nice soft and gets the job done ... keeps the shape unlike the sedona lace one . i would purchase again . its huge brush though
the best flat iron i've ever owned . it gets really hot in seconds & my hair shines after i iron it !
i get compliments on this nail color every time i wear it . the color is a burgundy / deep plum color . rich and luxurious .
they are alright but you have to keep washing your hands to prevent the dirt from getting underneath the nails
love revlon super lustrous lipgloss already own a few of them and was happy to add this color to my collection .
it is a good brush overall but it was very disappointing to me that it does not rotate at the cool air setting .
this is the second order i placed for this product . i ordered a larger size this time . so far i am satisfied .
it's good , it's cheap , it works , it's fast to use . good , good good . it even smells nice and not too strong .
easy to put together and easy to use ! i am going to get another ! i will be sure to let people i know about it as well !
this blackhead extractor does what it is supposed to do . it is made of stainless steel so it won't rust .
the nippers didn't quite work for me , i think they broke but i love both of the pushers , so two out of three ain't bad
i love this wen , it smells awesome and i feel like it works better than the other types . i never use any type of conditioner now .
shampoo is really work for me.it change my dry hair to oilly hair in a month . but somehow too oilly now .
i use this with the enriched moisturizing cream as a night cream . i wake up with my skin feeling soft and supple .
after several uses , it starts to dry out and cake in the jar so i am not impressed with it .
i really like it . revlon products are usually great any way . i do recommend this lipstick . it is very becoming and nice .
the glue wouldn't come out it was so hard i had to cut it ! defeated the whole purpose i had to throw it out . wasted my money /:
this product really did make my hair so very soft . it's not greasy and very easy to apply . i love it !
i am 51 and still get breakouts . this obagi system helps them clear up faster and makes my skin smoother and brighter .
i still haven't seen any plumping in my lips after several weeks . so , it wasn't expensive but i expected a little bit more .
this product smells great . it works as advertised and it does not harm the children / people or environment ( as far as i know ) .
i bought a few of these because it feels good on the skin . i would definitely recommend it .
don't waste your money on this . there are better products and i would order this again look up illuminesce dmae on amazon .
awesome colors , perfect match love love love it , thank youso much i hope will do bussines again , this is awesome
ive never returned a hair mask product and i returned this after one use . i had no good effect from this .
nice colors but they dont go on smoothly . tried various brushes - but love the matte look . hope they improve the formula .
i like it but the only thing is that the gold turns silver its not pure gold metal studs but its workable .
i love this scrub ! i use it every other day . works great and makes my face look so clear and even :] i would recommend this ~
i always use this mixed with water and oils and spray it over my hair , it's very moisturizing and a little goes a long way .
one spray just to see how it goes .. smells real nice .. i like it . its refreshing .. i wonder what two sprays would be ...
all the brushes are amazing quality but the largest brush is not soft and pokey . but all the other brushes are awesome !
i put my loose powder using it.it is easiy to use . and it make my face looking naturally . i recommended it .
purchased again for the wife and she is very pleased and quite satisfied with the quality and price of this product
the product itself is great but it comes in a little ziploc bag . this needs a wheel like the other nail appliques .
this was purchased as a gift for a budding young make-up artist . evidently it is just the right size for mixing personalized colors .
this is my favorite opi color , and it is no longer sold in stores since it was part of a collection . i love it .
my skin was very dry after / during this very bitter winter . this oil corrected that problem . will never be without this super moisturizer !
so strong of a color and transfer . lasts very long , needs a special topcoat but it dries fast and the images shows up good on any color
i use the shampoo , conditioner , and the pray foam . it has stopped my hair from falling out to a minimum and it is also thicker .
this is a nice nickel-look mirror . it is adjustable and has protection on the bottom that prevents from sliding or scratching furniture surface .
this is a pretty nice cleanser ; doesnt leave your face feeling dry or tight . would probably order again . price is pretty good too .
they stayed on my nail all week and never came off once . i used the gold an eventually some of the color was rubbed off .
very nice and does a great job ... would give as a gift ... price is good for the quality ... nice size ...
this is a beautiful shade that always gets compliments . it's one of those rare brights that is still office appropriate which is always a big plus .
just ok ... but i love the smell and it does in fact detangle . i prefer pantene's detangler but for the value this is ok >
nice foam soap . like the variety of scents available . dial is a good brand . don't know what else to say .
this was the best deal i found for this trimmer , and i think it's great . i've seen much more expensive ones that didnt work nearly as well .
everyone should have a pair of these can actually help on real nails when you break one without cutting more than you mean .
this is great conditioner , works great with pantene or any shampoo of your choice . at least that's the results i've been getting ! a great pantene product !
i have very full hair and the motions at home shine enhancer worked wonders on my hair . it is so shiny and lush whenever i use this product .
i'm asian but my hair is still not very thick . this curling iron doesn't work at all . no curls whatsoever .
nice jewels for decorating nails.looking forward to the many colors on my nails.great product for the price would recommend.to purchase .
this is cnd's new product , one week duration . nice not worrying about if nails or dry or not and chipping polish .
this brush blends in foundation very good . no streaks and its a perfect finish . but it gets messy very quick .
this smells amazing and gives my fine blonde hair some volume ! not a ton , but definitely noticeable . my boyfriend really likes and uses it as well .
just like the conditioner , it was not like other john frieda products i have ordered before . won't be ordering this one again .
this is a very pretty jelly consistency polish . i'm impressed with the formula and have recently turned onto china glaze . haven't been disappointed yet .
love this scent , bought a small bottle and then ended up getting the big bottle for my birthday , smells very clean .
very nice plates , they stamp well . i have them stored in the bundle monster case , which is a must buy as well .
i like this curling iron for my little girl . it is the perfect size for her and makes her hair look so cute !
smells amazing ! ! doesn't hold very long . it's definitely more of a finishing spray for fly aways and it's expensive . probably won't buy again .
this shampoo will help you avoid looking yellow highlights makes them look a beautiful silver color
very lite sheer green pistachio color . took four coats to get the true bottle color . nice spring and summer color .
use this one your face on your body ... leaves your face and body smelling good and your face is clean and cocoa buttered up
love these tools . great quality and sturdy . very pleased with these and what a great price . would buy these again .
this did not straighten my curly hair at all . it made it soft and not as frizzy . but every other product does the same thing .
this product is okay . you can't really remove the regular nail polish . this product only removes an organic nail polish .
i do my nails myself all the time , so when i use this oil , it makes my nails look like i went to get them done .
compared to much cheaper but high quality argan oils i saw no difference in this product , besides the nice little bottle .
got this to bling a phone cover for my sister , i cant find one for her phone already done , great price and fast shipping
i purchased because of its good reviews hoping that it would calm my eczema , unfortunately , i found cetaphil to be more useful ;/
it smells like motel lotion ! ! i think the one i bought was a fake ! i will not buy again !
this color is just a normal red , not too blue and not too orange . just a classic red which was what i was looking for .
i've only used this product about 4 times . i'm pretty fair skinned so it takes longer for me to tan but so far i like this stuff
i love ed hardy perfumes they all smell so good and this one is no exception ! it is big and a good price you definately can't go wrong !
i bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday and it smells great and he loves it too so can't go wrong !
opi makes gorgeous colors and their formulas adhere very nicely . big apple red is my very favorite . use it for my pedicures all year round .
i love this soap . it smells so good . makes me fee like i'm on the beach . also , doesn't dry my skin out . great stuff .
i am so excited to locate this it is the same product used by my nail professional and i have searched for it . i am very pleased
this doesn't provide much coverage to under-eye circles , and looks a bit powdery when used in that area . however , it is great for small blemishes .
i love the colors , they're good even for kids , just expected the bottles to be a bit bigger , they're really small .
if you want your hair detangled , this is the go-to product . i use it in conjunction with kanechom , and get pretty good results .
i love this brush . it is really easy to use and gives a nice wave and body to the hair . would highly recommend !
this is my second order ! ! ! i'm in my forties and it seems that my lashes have dissapeared.since using this product i don't have that problem.happy again :)
very good quality . nice accessory to wear dress up or down . i've used it a couple of times . must hide from my daughter .
kinda thin and lower quality than i expected from revlon , but for disposible emery boards and the price . i will use them , but will not re-order .
these are pretty but very tiny need to put more than one on the nail for them to stand out .
i bought the product for my granddaughter . i love the way it smells and i am sure she will also .
the quality of the case is great ! the brushes are as well ! i have been looking for good quality cheap brushes and these are it !
great quality product but not for sensitive skin , my skin is still bright red and i used it yesterday . super bummed .
i love this eyebrow pencil . it goes on smooth and blends in perfectly . i used to be a devoted browpower user but this product is far superior .
i ordered the hot pink nail polish and it's more of a peach , looks nothing like the picture . very disappointed .
shipment was super fast but not crazy about the smell that i smelled in a magazine card . will not be buying it again
smells good . my son likes this , he has all of them now and the price was really good . will by again
the expiration date on mine is 2014.04- 03 . it smells very lemony and i didn't notice any real improvement in my skin .
i would definitely not recommend this to anyone , the comb broke in half on about the third use ... lovely . seller was a fast shipper tho ... lol
great stuff but difficult to find so it needs to be ordered through the mail which adds shipping costs . works well to calm frizzes and have smooth hair .
i really like this too faced eyeliner because of the unique point . it is versatile to dot the upper eyelash or to draw a line .
i really like this product it defines your eye and really makes them pop . this is a great item for an affordable price . i recommend this .
got 2b guardian angel flat iron balm with gloss finish is very good . and is fantastic . loved it ! is my favorite . i recommend to everyone .
these are seriously just as good as sigma's brushes for way cheaper , get them . i love them for concealer , and contouring .
i'm very pleases with thisshipping was promt and fastit makes my hair smooth and shinyi would definately re-buy this
exactly 250 pieces ! ( 2 little bags ) pachaging was very small so i made sure to count . cant wait to use them !
december 9 th is when i ordered this it's now . jan 27 ? i will do update if i ever get this product .
i love love love this color and the pigment is so strong . very blendable too . a little goes a long way
exactly what i was looking for ! cost conscious and effective ! i have naturally ( mostly straight ) hair , so this works well ! bravo !
have never been able to remove all old polish w / what is available in the local stores . this stuff actually works , 9 times out of 10 .
the color of the tint almost looks grey . the coverage is much lighter than what i wanted . i much prefer la roche posay tinted sunscreen .
thought this was a great buy because i needed an orange , but it didn't stay on , even with a primer ! won't buy again .
this heat mat does just what it tell you it does . easy to clean . very sturdy . overall a great product .
great fragrance with notes of peony and musk . unfortunately , though , the staying power is pretty bad . for that reason i don't recommend purchasing this .
my acrylic nail art uv gel carving pen brush arrived before time and in good condition and i am satisfied
i love this ! can't go a day without it . i wear it under mascara and it keeps my lashes curled .
this is the first time i buy this product and will definitely buy it again . it is really a good buy ! ! !
i live the smell of this product . i would use it everyday if it was cheaper , but i at least use it after tanning or being outside
i love this face wash - it has made a huge difference in my skin ! i also use the moisturizer and love both !
this is amazing stuff . really leaves my hair soft and silky without damages done from using my hair dryer so high .
this was my second purchase but i'm not sure if this is original . the smell fades away so fast . i like that comes with a big bottle .
i haven't used it as yet but i have sampled some of the colours and like it so far ... glad i bought it i'm enjoying my purchase
i will recommend this product to my friends . it gives energy to my skin , my face seems younger and feels fresh
i like white shatter . i had a while for the product do to package damage . but other than that really like it
very suitable for women over the age of forty . my facial wrinkles definitely decreased . i recommend it strongly to all ladies !
i've used another brand from asia which i do not like . but this came on time and does the trick and is well priced . smells nice too .
love it for hydrating around the eyes . i would recommend it to everyone . it goes on and is not sticky .
great for all skin types .. this is amazing to me .. maybe because most of the colors except for one are matte and i love that .
it's tiny , purse size . i think it will work fine for what i am looking for , the right color for dark areas on my face .
these plates look great , but the description did not say that they were just stamped on them . as a result , i have to send them back .
nice shampoo for all hair types . provides great cleansing and my hair was soft and clean after shampooing .
it has an interesting scent and is as described . not the thickest lotion out there but gets the job done !
its a great everyday scrub . cleans deeply , prevents acne , and makes my skin feel soooo soft . ive used this for years and i love it .
this cologn actually smells very good on me . the cumin scent is there , but lightly . it's easy to smell the underlying bergamot and woods-rather sweet .
nice clips that work well and stay securely in the hair . it's worth buying for hair extensions and hair pieces .
this is what my skin needs ! such a gentle exfoliator that lifts that dirt right off of the skin . wonderful !
love this pillow . it's just the right size and dries off quickly after use .
this is the softest line of brushes that i have ever used ! any of the sigma brushes are definitely a must have for any makeup lover !
what a beautiful color ! i absolutely love opi nail colors to begin with and this one is no different ! can't wait to order more shades .
i thought the tape was too thick so i ordered different kind and plus it doesn't stick very well . not too expensive .
i am pleased with this product although there are other argan oil manufacturers that sell larger bottles with a cheaper price .
gives a nice color , but doesn't immediately stain hands if washed . works as well as high dollar products . not stinky .
awesome comb to comb through long hair dry or wet it gets the knots out . infused with oils to prevent frizzies .
these are just amazing colors . it was nice that each rolls was individually wrapped to keep the foil safe . very easy to use
this hair clip is small but so cute ! you'll like it too i'm sure . then of course the price is right .
love the color and the highlights , hate having my hair all the same color . so this lets you highlight as much or as little as you like ...
i have very sensitive skin and breaks out with lots of different skincare products but not this one . love how it feels and works !
i like this product a like being using it for a long time would recommend this to everyone leaves your face feeling so good
useful for practicing things but very creepy to look at lol ... they came at a great price and should be handy when practicing designs ...
this is an ok brush but it is smaller than i anticipated . don't know what i'm going to do with it , washed well though and it is soft
this fine conditioner is put into wet hair and left in . then you can use your regular styling products and methods . it adds body and manageability .
i bought this cologne just because the price and the reviews from different people , so bought without knowing it , and guess what ? i loved it !
this is more of a brown / pink if you can believe it , and the photo makes it darker then real life , not my style , gave away
i love it . it really works well . i will buy more in the future . i wondering about the other products of this brand ? !
some of the bits do not fit , upon closer inspection , the shafts aren't true and need to be polished straight . great for nail art .
great finish . this creates a nice smooth finish . i apply it over all of my makeup and it prevents my skin from becoming oily .
this little makeup bag is great ! its so inexpensive , it works wonderfully for traveling . pretty nice quality for the price .
great little item for spraying my house plants with water . it is pretty small and has a small footprint , which is exactly what i wanted .
the first time i tried to use it , it broke in half ! ! ! it was horrible ! i guess you get what you pay for .
alot of the same colors but also good quality nail polishes in the bunch . may order in future need brighter colors
im having so much fun with these dots making desing almost ever day ... and love the fastthat i got them fast
my wife and i will have these for years . so many to use . they are great for after the shower .
it was a gift so ... not much i can say besides was very expensive . but arrive on time and my friend was very happy with this gift .
i bought this for my sister and she likes it and the hair really looks good and shinny so worth giving it a try .
they sent me the wrong product but its ok nice color i guess i like the glitter in it . i also like the pink in it
i like this co-washer a lot---it cuts my hair shower time in half . the smell is not my favorite , but i am just not a coconut fan .
i like this one very much ! stays put when you put it in your hair . have had compliments on it the first day i wore it !
i love these brushes ! ! i ordered one for myself and also a friend and she loved it ! will buy again
i have used revlon nippers for years . they are great and they have a lifetime warranty . way to go revlon . thanks .
nothing fancy about this conditioner or the nexus line for me , except that it is over pricedrecently tried out biolage and it is a much better conditioner balm
since i use this product my nail polish stays for longer ! i would recommend to a friend - it is a successul purchase .
i'm extremely happy with this product . i have very sensitive skin , and this did wonders . plus my skin felt very soft after use .
very disappointed in this product . didn't work for me at all . the suction was not very powerful .
good for lashes and great price . i don't like the smell as much but it's okay after a while . i would purchase again .
this is a great deep conditioner . i have some dry ends and this really softens them . i love it and well purchase again .
fast shipping , great product ! i have used other brands and this one is far superior to the others that i have tried ! pretty color too .
smells just like shea butter i happen to enjoy that smell . you get soft feeling skin afterwards with this entire line .
fresh , clean scent . lathers up great . body soap to use with a bath sponge . i would recommend this soap to anyone .
of course , for their price each is worn only a few times and it is ruinedthe elastic is not good so it's cut in a bit
this is a good spoolie , but the one you can get at target is just as good and cheaper . would recommend if you can't get at target
i love this kit , although i think that a little prior knowledge is helpful . the drill works well and is easy to use .
this didn't do a thing for my skin in any way , shape or form . save your money , change your diet and exercise .
this brush is worth the $ $ i paid for it . it creates the best smile line for french manicures . i love it .
i have very dark bags under my eyes . i used this then put my foundation on and you couldn't see them any more . love it !
revlon is one o9f the best lip color around . they make the best and bonus its stays on .. please give it a try .
i got this for my son for part of his christmas present and he was very happy with it . i will be getting more in the future .
this was my first time using aquage uplifting foam . it provides great volume to my fine hair . this is my new fave .
enjoying product very much . wish i had ordered more . fast shipping . item exactly as described . great for practicing nailart . very happy with this purchase .
i absolutely love this product ! i plan to buy more in the future . this is one of the best products i ever purchased
while it's nice , i compared it to my other mascaras i got for half the price and it wasn't that much better . i won't reorder .
it is a great purchase for the price . the gems are a little to big to use them on little finger nails .
i have used the almost the whole bottle now and i do not notice the difference from this product and shampoo . well other than my wallet .
this product did not cause me to break-out , but i just didn't care for it as it didnt do anything special for my skin .
not strong enough to really grind nails quickly , but it works , takes longer so be ready to wait easy bit change though
been using for years , awesome toner , no alcohol , no greasy feeling .
love this hand soap . we have it in our downstairs bath for guest to use before handling the baby . love the lavender scent as well .
this shadow is really not that great , you can barely see it . the formula wears off fast and it does not have a lot of pigment .
these pills are great for period ( menstrual ) pain.they kick in after 5 minutes of taking them ! which works well for me !
nice little due here . thicken the lashes and eye cream and you can't go wrong with olay . i absolutely love it !
these are some great naill polish to use in a salon i had on mine for a month i am loving it .
given to my sis as a gift . makes our skin feel so soft . nice smell too . decent price . fast shipping
really pretty shade for the summer . it really stands out and looks like the color of grape candies . would recommend !
love this palette ! the colors are pigmented and bright . there is some fallout , but it's easily cleaned off with a q-tip .
i was surprised that it did so well . i guess i shouldn't have been . after all it is a neutrogena product !
it works great until you put a topcoat over it . then the color bleeds or fades . but if you don't put a topcoat on it looks great !
abs . love this product & all the colors ! the pigmentation's are great ! i am very happy with my purchase & recommend it to everyone !
i am in my sixties and african american and my skin had begun to sag in my neck area . that has been corrected with this product .
received this product in excellent time and great condition . my skin feels smooth and hydrated and so far i'm glad i purchased this product .
just to clarify , these rollers are not actually magnetic .. it's just the style of roller . they're standard and they do their job . great value !
powerful , and my hair looks good . no complaints on this hairdryer so far . i don't use any of the attachments though .
i was really hoping that this would work for me . seemed like an easy fix and who doesnt like easy ... whelp try try again
love this face cleanser , especially in the morning . it smells fresh and awakens my skin . feels good going on . great value too .
this shampoo cleans hair without leaving it feeling like straw ( unlike some of the harsher products on the market ) . its aroma is pleasant , too .
i don't absolutely adore the color but it performs as expected . it is a great line from this company . color is just a personal preference .
i love this product . lasts several hours and is shiny and smooth . it's a beautiful color . it smells delicious . overall i love the brand covergirl
works great ! i have waist length thick hair and this holds my hair really well . nice and tight . highly recommended .
i thought it was going to be more of a detangling conditioner sort of spray productthis just leaves my hair smelling really good .. oh well i still like it
love this . i started nu derm 3 weeks ago but just added the toner . it's helped a ton with the irritation you get while doing nu derm .
this is a very good quality cape . it isn't thin and cheap . it is a very good quality . we love it .
love this ... i especially like that the pencil end is soft & doesn't tug at your eye ... hard to find something this good . recommened
it is a little pricey and did not noticed any significant difference . it does have a nice texture and smell , .
never could get on right . gave them to my granddaughter .. she loves wearing them and her friends enjoy them too .
this is an incredible deal . nearly everything you need is in this kit and it's so reasonably priced . i love the way the packaging opens up .
just got a mohawk cut and these are perfect for sectioning while flat ironing my hair as well ass for when i am using a face mask
u can't go wrong with this pencils bright colors seam to pop and make your eyes so viverant it's unbelievable
it's a perfect fit and very comfortable . i will be getting more for my personal collection . it's wonderful for my highly textured hair .
love the leppord print and the case has enough room for everything . the top is also removable . awsome case . i love it
i love this fragrance so much that i wear it myself , sometimes ! it's strong enough for a man but sweet and gentle enough for a woman .
very nice set of foils they look really nice on and even better with a the tree different colors together
this is exactly what i expected and i would purchase again . nothing is better than the smell of cocoa butter .
this is a really nice summer color , orange but not neon orange kind of has a slight pink but definitely orange .
this improving my endurance , increasing energy , reducing muscle damage after exercise , and improving muscle strength .
decent moisturizer , not tested on animals . i will be searching for a different one though because while this one is okay i don't think that it's amazing .
smells a little funky , but works better than other protein fillers iv bought ( over $ 50 ) . will purchase again !
wonderfully clean smelling , does the job without feeling greasy for my combination skin . would highly recommend to anyone with combination or greasy skin .
this is such a cool color ! the magneto line is superb and this color is great . it is like a deep mauve-purple-ish color . love it !
i bought this for a lot less than buying it in the store . very impressed with the product and price . would buy again !
this is my favorite mascara and i use a ton of it . it's significantly cheaper to purchase through amazon's subscribe and save .
if you want to have the eyes to match your heart , then you've got to carefully place this essential in your makeup case .
i liked this and i will buy it again . it did the job and i like it . i would recommend it .
the conditioner is fabulous , but the shampoo is hard to shake up , and it is very annoying when you are trying to hurry in the shower .
the product shipped very quickly , individually bagged , no spills and i love the product itself so i would buy again
this is such a pretty color . i love this one and " rose bud " i love doing my shellac at home . its so much cheaper .
i really like this product . i feel it has helped me with my psoriasis and is very soothing to my skin . would recommend
i've noticed a difference in the tightness of my skin after the first couple of uses . i love this stuff !
this is the best product for you hair .. i now use it all the time ... and will keep getting it , , ,
love it so much ! do i need to say more ? seriously , every girl needs one ... must use every day ( or every other day ) !
i'm very glad this stuff exists . its great to use while pregnant . its not as powerful as the non-organic stuff though .
love it , it smells so good , get a lot of compliments but not sure about it last effects . its is a must try ladies
heavy coconut fragrance , thick , difficult to put makeup on over it , not for humid , southern climates . not great for sensitive skin .
i like the color , but five minuets after i apply it on-its gone , it lasts at least for a hour ( tops ) ...
have it , just sits in the drawer , didn't work for me . i'll stick to getting threaded . maybe will try again .
product doesn't fulfill what it claims to do . expensive for nothing i used it for more than 4 weeks on a daily basis with no results .
this is one of the first products i ordered and i am very happy with them . they are well priced .
i really like this stuff ... very easy to apply on skin ... and smells really good :) i give it 4 stars :) will buy again :)
this is the only make up i will use . it is so nice and even , and its good for your skin . can't beat that .
great product ! it's the second time getting this and my skin looks amazing . i'll get this product again in the future .
what a gorgeous color ! would be great for the holidays , too ! i love that opi lasts so long , too . wow !
i like it a lot , smells nice and fresh , only need small amount , would definately recommend it for just about anyone with curly hair
i don't think it made a difference in the experience i was performing so i can't really say that it works or not .
this is the best smelling body wash i've ever bought and it totally cleans and freshens your entire body leaving your skin so soft .
the only complaint i have would be that the nails were not properly labeled as to their size and numbers were molded into tips .
the iron heats up well , but the barrel snags my hair which . makes it quite difficult to maneuver and get my hair curled
if you use alot of sheer nail polish you might wanna use the clear but these r great . a must have for nail polish lovers
really didn't use much - it dried out my lips . i guess if you used a gloss overit it would work better .
it's hard to find a shine spray for your hair . this is the perfect one , i promise . i'm a hair guru and this will not disappoint !
shade of pink perfect for me and a texture that is creamy so you don't have to fight with it to put it on .
these are convenient and easy to use , even when you are using them on yourself . they stay on good , easy to clean .
i've always used this for my hair and my wigs leaves them silky and smooth will always use this product love it
they do their job . not too rough on the eyes and ears . love to use it for removing make up smudges .
great colors , and the texture is awesome.order was received as advertised . i look forward to trying it very soon .
i really liked this one , since it enver stretched , they dont rip , i have had them for a month now , however i keep loosing them .
i tried this product 2x b / f based on the positive reviews and decided to try one more time . it still didn't work for me .
i have extremely thick hair that doesnt want to take a curl . these do the trick and they last all day !
i love opi . i love opi colors . i wish they came out with great lipsticks as well . maybe not blue but other great colors .
i grabbed these for my 6 year old . they work well , are decent quality , and do what they say they will . easy to use .
this powder minimizes pores and leaves a smooth finish to my skin . it has always been one of my faves .
i love this conditioner . when used with a good shampoo , it leaves my thick ( type 4 ) hair soft and shiny .
exactly as i'd hoped , this gel brushes and sets my brows - keeping them in place until i clean my makeup off .
i relly like this product . nice scent , and it leaves my hair softer and silkier than with most conditioner . highly recommended !
my husband has wore this cologne for years and it smells sooo good ! ! very sexy and he gets many compliments ! !
grate plates , beautiful designs , work nice , this set made me soooooo happy , it have a lot of designs to try and experiment
i guess it's okay but it could be a bit smaller and the brush longer . and it's bit expensive . i'm still lookin for a blogger one
trim the ends if they're too long and dbl ply then on the outside for a more drastic look , great for evening !
its larger than i thought and very pretty . havent worn it yet , but im sure it will be perfect for my updo .
i like this product as it goes on light , absorbs fairly quickly , and doesn't smell . it lasts a long time .
it flakes on my black brows and my eyebrows do not hold their shape after a few hours . it's cheap though so i wasn't too dissapointed .
this is my first purchase of this particular product and i love it ! the claims are true ! ! i recommend this item .
i have not used this yet but i love nyx cosmetics and believe i will have no reget buying this .
the tips fall off the first use , i had to super glue the metal back onto the handles .
this is awesome to use ! its tricky at first but after you try it , it does a great job . fast delivery
this is the most amazing accelerator i've ever used . it is getting me color fast and you can't beat the price anywhere !
this dried out my hair to the point of breakage - was hoping it would be like the keratin oil therapy treatment - there is absolutely no comparison .
distinguished the personality with this fragance , soft , wooden base perfume . endures all day , my husband for years has been used it .
it does its job , and for the price and sheer number who can complain . i would get again when these finally get used up .
lots of shades to choose & mix for the right shade . not perfect , but it works pretty well . cheaper than laser treatments !
love the konad for all my stamping needs . it's just perfect for stamping . recommend anyone to buy this product you will not regret it .
i have damaged hair and this product really helps.the smell is very nice too , i can use it in the morning before i get out.nice product .
little awkward to use and quit don't get as hot as my hair needs . it's thick and coarse and down to my waist .
smells good helps make my hair soft . this along with anti breakage shampoo are my new routine . really smells good
love all the colors ... its so summery :p my daughter love's it too .. i highly recommend it ... & i ordered again soon !
geez i absolutely love how gentle and strong holding this product is on my hair ! yes ! ! highly recommended and nice product .
it has lots of space but it didn't come with as many dividers as the picture shows and the pull out drawers are wobbly
the product has a mild , pleasant fragrance and is rapidly absorbed into the skin . does not leave a greasy after-residue .
this is a good neutral shade to go on top of your lipstick , especially if you like to keep your lips popping like i do !
the reason i wanted this pack of two was for different types of remover . the pump works with no problem and they hold alot at one time .
love the box that the gems come in . it is so much easier to keep these organized with this particular box . the price is great too .
i put color in my hair and had looked everywhere for eyebrow pencils to match my hair and these are perfect ! ! !
i love these . they worked so well . i have eczema so it helps get rid of dead skin cells that pile up .
item was as described . this is a good seller.this is a good product and such a good deal for all that you get .
i use this to brush off little specks that sometimes get on my face when applying eyeshadow . it sweeps them off without messing up anything else .
this item works ok i don't use it very much but when i do it works an dose what it suppose to
i love mine ! i use them all the time to soak off both acrylics and gel polish . so much nicer then using a bowl of acetone !
works wonders on slightly oily hair.look like you showered - when you are not able to . perfect for after a light workout .
i gave this polish 3 stars because i don't really like how the color looks on . it's a little dark and boring for me .
great product , will smoothe out your skin , make it soft , leave it amazingly clean ! ! ! great to use once a week before bed time
this stuff is really good when you use it every night . it makes your hands real soft and your cuticles .
i have the day cream and i decided i needed the night cream too ! this stuff works great but omg it is so strong smelling ! ! !
i reordered more of this product . wonderfully easy to apply and is wonderful for the skin ! i would definitely recommend .
the product has high quality , fast results and excellent price ! ! ! everything of best ! ! ! i will always be customer ! note 10 !
i've been using this product for two yeats and my hair stopped falling out within six weeks . i use nothing else and i tell all my friends .
this is a perfect size and made very well i love it and am going to order a couple more to put away .
love this so much better then files but hard to keep atatchments in the hole but make it work thanks
these are bigger than what i'm used to but nice love the darkness brand , easy to use , nice quality , recommend for going out .
these cleaned my face however it didnt help with my acne , it does dry the face a bit so make sure you have face lotion .
5 double sided sticks are amazing ! ! the ends are all different sizes and work amazing for whatever type design you're trying to create . i love them !
i got this for my 13 year old niece . she likes the smell , i don't care for it . must be a scent for the younger generation .
so smooth ! it is light , easy to apply , and does not rub off on clothing . this was a good purchase .
this is a nice mirror , but i ended up returning it . the lights were not bright enough and wouldn't stay on consistently . will try another brand .
best nail polish remover i've ever used . takes glitter off very easy . even gave them as christmas presents ! thumbs up !
and they mean it . i found them to be extremely thin but when they say no lint that's exactly what they mean .
aussie gold strikes again . this lotion smells soooo good . even after using the tanning bed ! leaves your skin sinfully smooth too .
i don't have a complaint what so ever about these except that they are very sticky . even when lightly pressed on they removed my already dry nail-polish .
i love , love , love this color and brand . it sparkles just the right amount and couldn't be happier with it . i got lots of compliments .
great to use after the microdermabrasion roller needle process . skin absorbs it quickly . face looks more rejuvenated in the morning .
this was a waist of my money , the plates and stamper doesnt work together or with nail polish , if i xould get my money back i would
good sturdy files . i wish i could figure out where i put 3 of them ... these are the good kind that have plenty of filing surface .
my skin is very sensitive ... tried this product and have had no problems and my skin feels so clean after using
i love this pallette for the spring and summers it's bright and very colorful plus it's got colors i didn't have
make sure you rub it in well .. or else you will have a streak ! plus , it doesnt smell very good ..
i like this product it worked really good . i wasn't really a fan of the smell but because it worked so good i don't mind .
due to contact lenses wearing eyeliner can be a huge mess . this has been a life saver so no more black eyes during meetings
i'm very picky about top coats , and this one is great . my nail polish stays on so much longer without chipping .
got these to try them out and ended up loving them so much ! ! ! i got a lot of compliments to ! ! !
this is a great product . it smells really good and it does work well . it hydrates the hair and smells soooo good .
the color is a bit grey ( like what you see in most bb creams ) so it's definitely for people with fair skin .
i received my order on friday , one of the eyes pallets was broken , also one of the plastic was cracked .
i yet have to find a better shine spray then biosilk . yes , its expensive but sometimes for a good prodcut you gotta drop the cash ;)
got it was in good shap love it happy to use it and much more of it thank so much
just like the title says i never used it since i have another hair product that i'm using right now which kind of serves the same purpose .
love it , as a base , to line your eye , my husband use it to caver bald spots in his mustache or beard .
saw no difference in blackheads or evenness of skin . i prefer my clairsonic brush .
makes my eye lashes super long in such few strokes ! i love this mascara more than any mascara i have ever used ! ! buy buy ! ! !
worked great had no problem with them . and received on time . i love that it had two different sizes to stamp with .
this brush defines my curls when used on damp hair after applying hair products .
it does what i need it to do and it gets hot enough to straighten my hair and my clients . i highly reccommend
don't get it . will dry your hair ! ! ! i should have heed the advice the comments by the previous buyers . waste of money .
i love the smell of this lip butter but i thought it would be more moisturizing than it is . the color is wonderfully natural .
the best thing about this shampoo is it's scent.beyond that , nothing special about it.doesn ' t really add any extra shine to hair.decent product but nothing extraordinary .
these are my first time using the former for acrylic nails . i am no that good at it . but this are good to practice on
great for doing liquid powder on nails . nice design and easy to use . really recommend it to those who are into doing acrylic nails .
i love it . i got different color which i liked and now gave that one a try . thank you for the price . very nice
i've looked high and low for an eyeliner that doesn't smudge . this does the trick , but is difficult to sharpen .
these nail art polishes are very nice and glittery and with dark and some neon colors and the packageing was just right nothing was broken and they work just fine
this bottle is huge , excellent quality and price . a + + quality argan no fillers here !
i've used vanilla products in one form or another for many years . this formulation doesn't appeal to me . the gardenia product is much better .
not as long as pictured . howecver its a beautiful synthetic piece . easy to style . hairs fall out on the quicks . its a great help though .
i love this cleanser for it's mild fragrance and it's moisterizing cleasning ability ! gentle but thorough , removes makeup without stripping delicate , sensitive skin !
i prefer mud masks ... thought i would try this ... just too awkward to use for me ... kinda slimy too lol
if you want the color of your hair this will sure do it it gives you the best last longing results i love it and am glad i got these
i love china glaze . this color is a beautiful corally pink . it goes on a little streaky but evens out once it dries .
finally i found what i need for my curly hair - doesn't make hair sticky or heavy - this is light weight - great
this is such a great product , it really helped my brother stop biting his nails which was a great accomplishment ! i recommend this product .
i've been using this cream eyeliner for a couple of months and it is a great product for such a reasonable price .
this was a nice a soft lipstick , soft color and very nice to wear with any color of clothes . the delievery was fast
this have become my current signature scent . it got a nice fragrance to it while not being too overpowering , buy it !
this is my new favorite product . it's a great price , it's very effective , and it glides on so smoothly . perfect !
i like this product , but my favorite is the sweet almond mint . it works well , but doesn't smell as good as the sweet almond mint .
we use this oil everywhere afeww drops in the bath in my hair on dry lips it helps my daughter's eczema too .
there okay , they file good i like how they curve and they really do feel like sand paper , it's good .
liked it very much . very cute results . will definitely recommend for someone who likes to diy nails . plus the color is nice .
love the colour but it's just not for me . i have light tan colour skin and i m sure it will look great on lighter skin tones !
beautiful , rich color that lasts all day . a must have for adding a great pop of color to your eyes .
i love the color . the lipcolor lasts but it is very drying especially after wearing a hour . i find myself needing to wipe and reapply .
it's a nice blush , especially for the price . i like to color and there is just a hint of shimmer to give a nice , warm glow .
leaves my face and my boyfriends face stripped clean and feeling smooth and tight . my bf suffers from very oily skin and this clears it up
this was a waste of money for me . i got it based on the great reviews . oh well . i am glad it wasn't expensive .
my favorite ... happy with this purchase i would buy this again . i shop on amazon for everything and think they are great !
it did not detangle nor did it make my hair more manageable . i have combination hair 3c , 4a , 4c . it smelled wonderful .
i was used to a thicker style emery board , which is what i really wanted but these work well enough .
ive never used these before always regular tweezers but these with the curve help alot more ! cuts on applying time .
i agree with the other reviewers this brush is too big to be a blush brush , but it works great as a bronzing brush or setting brush .
returned . this stuff contains alot of ingredients like three different parabens that are not good for ' sensitive skin ' as advertised . i returned it .
i don't know if it works or not because it smelled so awful i had to rinse it out ... kinda defeats the purpose !
i really like this stuff . it smells very good and has a nice thick texture . i like alba products in general .
great color , nice for most any skin tones and it always goes on smoothly and covers well . overall i really enjoy this one .
i have thin eyebrows and i color in my eyebrows . this is great over the pencil it stays put all day .
love this dryer ... works great and can with a replacement bulb . i would recommend to others . all settings work as advertised .
this drying lotion definitely works ! it drastically shrinks ( and sometimes eliminates ) all of my pimples and zits overnight ! what a find ! !
ya la he usado antes es muy buena y lo mejor dura muchísimo la utilizo para cualquier ocasión y nunca me deja mal , la recomiendo
just as promised stamps bright white - looks good on any color polish and works well - i recommend wish was a bit cheaper though
these are some beautiful colors and they look even beautiful on your nail plus top it off with a clear top coat . ooooh my god gorgeous .
not sure if this really helps with my pores or not ... but still use it daily , hopefully i will see some results soon
this is an inexpensive leave-in that is light and works great to calm my curls and prevent fly-aways and frizz !
the handle is sturdy and the poof stays together and creates plenty of lather . this is a good product . no complaints .
i like this oil but i think i will have more use for it in winter . it has a nice texture and smell .
love it ! these are just as good as any other expensive name brand nail art . so many plates and such neat designs .
good color selection , ultra blendable and compact palette . i've never been disappointed with shany eyeshadow . love the color payout and quality .
it didn't work , not sure why , but it had no affect on the scar on my leg , i have moved onto skin creams .
i'm giving it 3/5 stars because it takes quite a bit to get one nail clean , and it doesn't strengthen nails as advertised .
i thought this glided on beautifully and looks so gorgeous . it is a nice thick line above fake eyelashes . love it !
it doesn't go on smooth and you need to exfoliate every 5 minutes cause it shows every line , color wasn't pretty either .
these are a mix of colors , nice to make different designs on your nails . i liked the color assortment for sure
i bought the shampoo and the conditioner of this and found that it had a great smell but it wouldn't leave my hair feeling soft .
i bought this for my sister because it's her favorite . i don't care for it , myself , but she likes it alot .
seems to work well . leaves my skin feeling smooth and clean . good texture and pleasant smell . i can feel a difference after just a few uses .
great color for french or to nail art . it goes on easily . if you make a mistake easy to clean and reapply .
oh my my love my make up really beautiful , adds glitter and brightness to my eyes , item came on time and well packaged
very much happy with this product it gives a no make up natural look to my face , will highly recommend
these are hands down the best quality nail files i've ever used . this set will last you for years . i love the color-scheme as well .
this one really gets those difficult blackheads out of my nose pores really well . i use argan oil immediately after . does a wonderful job .
i have enough hair for about 4 people and it is coarse and frizzy . this product helps make my hair lay flat and be shiny . great product .
good : absorbs quickly and nicely like other reviewers are saying . not heavy and just right.bad : nonei might try the slight scent one next time .
obagi is a permanent part of my daily routine . this is an important part to keeping my skin glowing and smooth .
tricky to use if you aren't a professional . product is a bit sticky and requires a steady hand .
this doubles as a moisturizer--i just wish i could get it in a huge tub and cover my whole body in it every day .
i'm very pleased with the way this makes my skin look and feel . i use this daily to wash my face , morning and night .
i have some scars on my arm , i like this better than the dermablend . i apply matte powder over it .
even though i ordered med they were a lot smaller then i hoped them to bebut will make them work ( small must be invisible )
color is so beautiful . never seen anything like it before . almost like a lavender just amazing can't wait to put it on
this was the lowest priced provider on amazon and the product , as always , is wonderful . i will shop again on this site .
this works really well . i havent noticed anything weird happening to my brushes or anything and this wasnt that expensive either .
i used this toner every time i wash my face , and am very happy with the results . this is my third bottle .
i bought this for a friend last christmas and they really enjoyed the fragrance , so i recommend it 100 % for sure .
it is a very nice product that i liked from the beginning . i only had one problem with this game i get , but otherwise i recommend
i am a professional nail technician and i live this it comes in different sizes and a variety of colours and does the job well
i was skeptical when purchasing this brush but it turned out to be a great brush and at a great price ! i love this brush !
my favorite ... euphoria by calvin klein for women , eau de parfum spray , 3.4 ounce sells for twice as much in departments stores .
love this . works on my very thick hair and love the free oil treatment included . will be buying the oil treatment next .
this cream felt really good on my face , but after using if for a few weeks i really didn't notice any improvement in my skin texture or tone .
great color blend and i found it only on amazon ! search every store for this color blend - stays in place all day !
this is a very unique product . it's not lipstick , it's not gloss - it's something in between and it's perfect ! i like it a lot .
this lotion is pretty great . so handy to be able to use it in the shower . really keeps your skin moisturized and smells fantastic .
this product works wonders on my bags under my eyes . it has become my go to product when i wake every morning to relieve these old tired eyes
this color is extremely similar to my pre-shellac favorite , opi bogota blackberry . a really nice shimmery wine color . applied smoothly and cured well with no bubbling .
this body wash has a really nice almost citrusy scent . it is light and refreshing and lathers up very well .
used this product a couple of times .. i love the fragrance ( light floral ) .. and it made my hair soft .. great price as well !
this soap is okay but nothing special . i will use it up though . good thing i didnt buy a huge pack .
very nice mascara . smells good , and separates lashes . goes on smoothly . most importantly it comes off easily and is natural .
peeled off my nails in hours even though i put the top coat over it . very disappointing and a waste of time .
pretty color and very well constructed , doesn't look like it will start unraveling after the first wash or two with it .
dark dark purple . appears black in some lights . good staying power especially paired with my seche vite top coat . good opi quality . recommend .
i give my makeup touch up kits to my clients using thesei love them ! not too big not too small - a great sampler size !
i can see the difference when i use this product will continue to use until i find something i like better .
this is a first time purchase for me . so far so good . i feel confident that it will be a good purchase for me .
works better than opi & cnd stickey for me . polish stays on long . goes on smoothly . it is my go to , base coat .
this is a real disappointment and not what i expected at all .. i tried to get it on evenly and couldn't . oh well .
i love this mask it works like a charm and smells good to boot . i love the coconut smell .
these nail tips really are crystal clear . and they are beautiful . good quality , especially considering price . these are a good value .
this trolly makeup case is great ! its sturdy are roomy . the zebra print makes it ten times cuter when im traveling with it !
this is recommended if you get the coppola keratin smoothing system so i use it to help my hair get the most out of my treatment
i am thrilled with this item . very beautiful . i get compliments every time i wear it and have worn it often with no problems with workmanship .
this brush set is really good for the price.the packaging is a amazing and the brush quality is good .
i love this gluten free nail polish ; it is a beautiful color and fantastic for the holidays . opi never disappoints .
olay has always been one of my favorites . after bathing in it my skin feels so much better . it makes your skin feel very soft and smooth .
this is really , really nice , i enjoy using it . thank you for the fast , efficient service . i appreciate it very much .
it stays on til you remove it , great color / coverage . i just wish they made it with more product in it .
it made my hair feel very soft evrytime i took my hsi flat irons to it , would be better if it was in a spray bottle though
these were a little too long for me but i trimmed them up and they looked so amazing . not fake , just full ! try these out !
this really absorbs quickly and leaves my skin feeling very soft ; i am 58 years old and this helps my occasional pimple . definitely would buy again .
i just got the items and i went to use it and i love it .
i needed it for travel and it worked fine especially when the hotel in copenhagen didn't provide shampoo or conditioner
my daughter in-law loves this scent ... thanks for the great price ... she is so happy with the size of the bottle ... great present
does it work miracles ? no . does it make thin hair look thicker ? absolutely . reasonable price , good product . will definitely buy again .
excellent value for the money . thick but not too thick and smells good . you cannot lose if you buy st . ives lotion .
this bow is verry pretty i love the way it look's i do recomend my custumers love it will be ordering more .
i have used this mascara for years . i use all the bare escentuals line of products , so does my daughter .
i liked it but my sister loves it so i gifted to her . she is real happy with her results . fast service also .
i have used this product for many years , get many compliment on my hair color . i highly recommend this product
best quality brushes i have ever used . very soft to the touch . no shedding of the brushes and they blend in makeup perfectly .
great as a moisturizer for skin and hair . this is a good quality product . double duty needed for this winter season .
i have sensitive skin , but have no problem using this vanicream sunscreen . it has no scent , which i prefer . highly recommend .
it is portable , easy to use , and works great . also very affordable and a nice option to expensive salon facials .
i am using it both for my skin and hair and i am very pleased with the quality ofthis product . i can highly recommend it .
it is definitely not real hair ... it is very dark and shiny but i wouldn't expect more for the price.it took a long time to arrive
this is a nice compact seamless comb that is great for detangling my 4b hair in the shower . it's lightweight but not flimsy .
it highlighted my hair ever so slightly to make it look natural . i would recommend this product , i used it as a kid and love it .
color is great , goes on easily and stays in place . no feathering , running or fading . will buy again for sure .
my hair shrinks with this and my daughter hair does too.this gel also flakes up alot so make sure you have clean hair using this .
there is not much to say about cotton swaps - they work . you can do lots of things with them ! the price for these is good .
brush is soft enough , and yet firm enough to contour as expected . i use this every day . love it . inexpensive .
good assortment for the price , the pack is smaller than expected based on the picture and stones are tiny but would buy again .
wonderful item . it folds up nicely for travel for any reason . it adjusts and stays in place and the light and magnification levels are perfect .
i really like how this product makes my skin feel . it felt smoother and softer after the first use of it . i would definitely buy it again .
maybe i was not good at this , but it took me quite some time to put it on . it did make the eye look more pretty .
love this pumps with the bigger bottles of redken shampoo and conditioner . it makes it much easier in the shower .
this thinner will thin out most any polish you have and it comes with a dropper , so it is very easy to put into any polish
i use these items for all sorts of projects on clothes nails and on other items to give them flair
it is one of the best shampoos i have used in a while , and the scent is great too . i will continue to purchase and use it .
these makeup blenders were an excellent addition to my makeup collection . i loved the price and i really love how it gives my makeup a more airbrushed look .
keeps my daughter's face clearer than any other wash she's tried . she still has to take an antibiotic for the acne , but this definitely makes a difference .
my girlfriend loves all the manic panics and loves to mix them too with these brushes when she feels like it to great effect .
a ton of cute shapes come in these little wheels ! super cheap to do yourself and not have to pay a nail tech !
stops the itching in the winter and keeps me moisturized . i like to mix it with argan oil for smell . use it everyday .
it's a good product and it makes your skin look and feel smooth the next day . worth purchasing again . great
this is my second purchase of these face cloths . excellent quality , very absorption and soft on facial skin . i will recommend it
love the image products . am hoping this will help . know it will take some time . thanks for the availability of product
it looks very cool , but it took 3 coats to cover and within a couple days it had rubbed off . i probably wouldn't buy it again
i love these plates . they stamp smoothly and the designs are very unique . i highly recommend these for anyone collecting stamping plates !
my skin is feeling and looking so much better after using palmer's cocoa butter formula moisturizing body oil ; it really does softens and has a very light scent .
am using it for gray hairs and thinning scalp and smoky eyes , that's it i can't write more because you demand it
this shampoo is a joy to use . smells great a my hair loves it . suave products are so good . highly recommed this .
doesn't work as well as i had hoped , they come off easily even with 3 top coats . good thing they cost next to nothing !
great cheaper version of the beauty blender ... use wet or dry . very durable and doesn't have any scent like some cheap ones do . great deal !
i like these but i just wish they were a bit thicker . not recommended if you have a lot of hair .
probably my favorite gel color , everyone loves it with my skin tone and it just looks great will buy again
bought for my son whos always on the go and loves to smell nice for the women . he loves axe and mom found it .
it's okay . it broke my face out . if you're prone for acne i wouldn't recommend . i threw it away after the 1st week .
pretty clip ! ordered 2 , 1 for a friend . i'm pleased with the items , attractive and stylish . recommended for sure ! thanks
it really works ! the bristles are sturdy but flexible and detangles my hair fast and fairly painless .
i love how innovative this train case is . the three layers allow for much more storage . enough compartments to keep everything organized .
i would tell and have told everyone who ask how come my hair grows so fast . it's a great thing ! ! !
excellent product , very good quality , i really like those nail files since they were recommended to me to fix wake nails , they work , and last .
this lip stick sucks ! ! ! the color is barely noticeable . maybe because i'm african american ? but hmm i'm not a dark african american .
i love this soap . my entire house now has the scent of sandalwood i put it in drawers with my writing paper
these are the best heads for the clarisonic mia . i use my pretty often , and this head has lasted awhile . the cheapest price i have found .
tried and true , this is the best moisturizing bar for my skin , hands down ! dove smells great and is super soft on your skin !
these are great for scooping cream moisturizers / cosmetics from jars to keep fingers from contaminating it . good product and good price .
love them they glue great to nail colors r fab and i would recommend for any age just he rite size for tips
i love l'homme yves saint laurent by yves saint laurent for men . eau de toilette ... i purchased previously and i always wanted more !
this machine works extremely well . every nail tech should have one . i love it ! ! dont search any further , buy now !
great price , great size , great colors ! everything i could possibly need for a cheek in any beauty makeup situation ! love !
my husband is of mixed ethnicity and uses this . his hair really does look more shinny with more controlled curls .
like everything else in this line i love this conditioner . it leaves my hair light and shiny without weighing it down .
this is one of those overhyped colors . it just isn't for me , way too boring . it looked like watered down pepto bismol .
very pretty light pink color with metallic flecks . however , you can see right through 2 coats of this polish . didn't like that .
i have had 3 of these hair dryers . it is wall mounted which makes it very convenient . i really like it .
this was my go-to heat protectant when i straightened my hair . i used it for years and it's really the best .
i like this empty palette . it's nice for the price and this way i can customize the colors i want in it .
this wasnt what i expected out the oil . when i recvd the package it was no in good shape and the oil was leaking out the package
so much better than the usual sponges . wet this sucker and it works amazing , providing a flawless finish on my skin .
nothing like i thought they would be , the just soak up my makeup . it literally doesn't do anything , totally unsatisfied .
i received this as a gift and i'm loving it . the floors are bright and just right for this summer .
this is good stuff . give it a try . it's long lasting , too . you don't have to have bad skin problems to use this either .
nice big bottle light smell for price i wear when going out to store are around the house can smell soft
my wife loved this brush . high quality . attractive . works well . goes on well . can be used for powders and other things .
texture is great and coverage is amazing but even at no . 23 it was still too light for my olive medium skin tone
this item is eco - friendly and all natural i love it , it's save for my face and no dangerous ingredients that could cause cancer ya
when this was shipped , most of the bottles leaked out and the box was a mess . the smell is too perfumely . not as described .
i match my clothes to the polish.so pretty.nice shine.sparklyopi has great illuminating colors.glad it was not limited .
this is ok , but i prefer the product that skin food sells over this . this is pretty white and doesn't blend quite as easily on my skin .
this cream is cheaper than others but it moisturize your skin like no other . it's light and not oily , perfect scent .
i am a day spa owner and all i can say is it works better than all the others that cost a lot more .
this goes on easily and feels good . can be applied beneath makeup and doesn't make you look greasy . have put on automatic shipments .
this is one product for aging that really works . i have been using it every day for 3 months and can really tell the difference .
so many pretty colors and i think it a great price seeing that you get 21 gel polishes ! also get the shany uv light !
one of the best hair brushes i have own , it leaves my hair shiner and straight , well i s a good rush
i love these brushes . a make up artist told me about the brand and how well they work . for the price you cannot beat it !
i bought this to give as a christmas present & ended up keeping it for myself . the soap is wonderful . my skin is so soft .
i love this light floral scent for daily wear . i get many compliments each time i wear it . excellent for the price .
this is a really nice gentle cleanser . it cleans thoroughly without leaving my face and neck dry or irritated . worth every penny and highly recommend !
i really like this color . it is very neutral - much lighter than the photo-brownish mauve . it is rich & opaque looking - great coverage .
great brushes works well when applying for my manicures , a great set for a good price will buy again thank you
it's getting harder and harder to find silk whimsey anywhere . i was happy to find it and am pleased with it overall .
this is just great , love the effect after one coat , i will love to have more colors of this wonder
very happy with this dry shampoo . it gives me an extra day between shampoos , which really counts with keratin straightened hair :) i would definitely recommend it .
a bit heavy for my skin , and too much fragrance . i'll pass on this one ! may be more for younger skin .
it holds what it promises - smoothes out rigdes , and provides a smooth and matte base for the nail polish to be applied to . good brush .
does just what it promises , be sure to get an astringent with it to balalce the ph or you might burn your skin . wear sunscreen
great grey / black if that's what you're looking for but i thought it was going to be more of a navy . my bad .
i think it could have been a bit better quality , the bristles are stiff . they are pretty though . nice to have other brushes to use .
i like this base because of the light natural color that works well with or without a color coat and just a clear top coat .
this is a great leave in conditioner ! it makes my hair very soft and my daughter hair.its kind of high but i love it .
again , i always seem to think they should be larger . but they are cute and i like the different colors .
good mirror at a good price . i can put my eye makeup on so much more easily when i can see what i'm doing !
this belly butter works great to prevent stretch marks . it's concentrated and allot goes a long ways . would recommend to anyone . works awesome !
i loved this product ! i'm constantly doing my nails and my friends ! i like how easy it is to use !
i just love this palette it has perfect pigmentation and the colors are just perfect like it says day and night
the cool tip on the end is too short . care must be taken not to burn your fingers . shipping charges are excessive
i am so glad i tried this product . the brushes are so soft and easy to use . i love them !
i love this product . i have super sensitive skin and this lotion does not irritate like most other lotions will .
this 3 pack is perfect and cheap ! great dumby like labels to help u with what side is what.love it ! ! ! buying more .
good work . everything is fine . no break .. nice shave and light weight . great job ! my boy like it too .
this color is so bright more for light complexion woman . if you like that bright chalk look this is perfect for you
the tip of this lip liner is so stiff that it is hard to put on . i don't know if it will get softer with use or not .
these are great love all the different colors . the price was really good till for this bundle for 12 of them .
i love this top coat . it dries polish almost instantly and adds a gorgeous shine . its the only one i will use .
used ths a few times . made my hair super frizzy . sad for i generally love redken products . i will not repurchase
i would've guessed that the handles were plastic but they are a sturdy aluminum . i would've guessed the bristles were plastic-y but they are soft as animal fur .
couldn't wait to get this one and i tried it right away ! i used konad white on my black polished nails ! beautiful ! very happy !
this does work , but it does not get rid of my blackheads at all . just makes them a little smaller and they reappear soon enough
goes on very nicely and matches my skin tone perfectly . it holds well throughout the day even if i sweat a little from working outside !
pureology shampoo is an excellent product ! it really helps hold color on color treated hair without causing any damage at all .
liked the cocoa butter vaseline version , this did not smell like citrus to me , sweet and tropical . buy this if you like very sweet smelling scents
considering my boyfriend believed i was 10 years younger , i now own stock in oil of olay . lol amazing line of products .
my hair is fuller and looks great . works as is stated , not falling out like it was and has repaired the problems i was having
love this eye concealer and easy to apply ! it works great , i love it ! is nice for everyday wear makeup .
konad polish is normally very thick and sticky but for some reason this polish was very liquid like works fine but its very light white
it's so cute for nails art , i like them , can't wait to used its for my clients , they will love its . so happy ordered it .
i have stubborn grays and this product gave me full coverage . i would recommend it to anyone who has trouble coloring their gray hair .
these are pretty to big in size for my nail pretty black n silver with diamonds . will have to find another craft to use these for .
this ingredient , propylene glycol , is in surya henna which is listed as one of the top five toxic ingredients
it did nothing to detangle my daughter's hair that a regular brush wouldn't do . there were still tangles and tears .
its good if you lke thick liner and are a pro at a ca eyet but if your not dont even bother you cant even tight line with this ish
this spray is wonderful , smells heavanly . use after bath . verry nice smelling . bog 30oz bottle lasts about 1 month.its perfect
quick delivery , helps keep polish looking good for a week , the best product of this type i have tried of this type .
i dyed my hair blond and surprise surprise my hair turned out orange ! well this brass banisher works beautifully ! would buy again !
i own several of these to help keep my lipsticks and glosses together . the sections are a little small for some of my lipsticks .
i love this product i have permament lips so i put this over and i have great lips will buy more i over 40
this lipcolor stays on as advertised . however , it did stain my teeth which i can still see so i'll not be purchasing again .
i got this vitamin for a friend and she love it ! her nails are growing better and healthy . i highly recommend this product !
it's the best . it is cheap and u don't need to sharpen it above the trash can either . it is convenient ! !
hoping for the best . i had a tiny amount of peeling ... like with a light sunburn ! maybe i should have gotten a stronger solution .
i love this lip balm ! no flavour , verymoisturize and spf 15 ! perfect ! it's a bit expensive though . never mind ! i'll purchase again .
an amazing tool . hat i like about it the most this little curve at the end of each side it makes it really easier to work with it
delicious oriental fragrance , and a wonderfully rich , luxurious formulation . a bit pricy , but a little goes a long way . definitely would recommend .
i bought this product to lighten my freckles and even out my skin tone . it didn't . save your money . don't buy it .
i thought this was going to be a blu-ish color since it looked that way online and has the name royal but it is really a deep purple .
i really like the feeling of this brush on my face . it looks god so far after every day use during a couple of months
anything that smells like chocolate is a win for me it cleans out clogged pores and make my skin glow all while smelling like chocolate
holy grail product for my leave in mixture . works great for curly natural hair . i replaced my old leave in with this one .
smell too muck like alcohol and dont last to long probably 1 hour at the most.would not recommend to no one
got here quick . looks great . not at all like a wig . compliments all day on it . at this price , it is a steal .
i didn't realize this at the time , but it's actually just a piece of silicone as a tip.not really useful for me .
very good office scent , great longevity and close to skin projection . will definitely not offend anyone at work . good work ck .
i like how smooth-feeling this cleaner is . i have been using it for the past month and i love it .
i have normal / dry skin . i do like the pump container but the product is nothing special . i prefer avalon organics luminosity serum .
worse product i've ever seen , the stick was dry , smells bad .. can't use it at all .. it doesn't even work
used product on last fishing trip and sisn't get any sunburn . easy spray on and forget . would be perfect if it included bug spray
cant really notice a difference , both times i've used on my hair . also made my face breakout ... not sure if i like it
excellent product , received in excellent conditions higly recommended if u want to give it to your girl , mine went crazy with this perfume.higly recommended
used for a week . my skin felt like alligator skin . imagine ... i have extremely oily skin . waste of my money . would not recommend .
i like it not love it ... its nice product may be best but i dont know how to use it properly still i m hapy with it
great product high quality and hold up even when used with acetone love the variety of brushes and tools in this set !
really dries nails quick . perfect for my little girl becasue she doesnt like to sit still to wait for them to dry .
i love this product . it leaves the skin of your face very soft and minimizes pores . easy to apply and remove .
not good at all many lip sticks will not fit and no nail polish will fit at all the insides are way to small
i love this perfect bright yet deep red nail gel polish . it is just a hot classic color to have on hand .
nice perfume for just light everyday wear . nothing special about this sapphire smell perfume . the other by taylor is better . it was okay .
this makes my hair feel and smell great . i like mixing it with the enjoy texture cream because it makes it less sticky .
i really enjoy the aveeno line . nice products . now if i could just look like jennifer aniston ( spokesperson for aveeno if you didn't know . ) .
i like very much . xxxc xxxc xc c c c c c c c c cc c cc c cc
this works great ! i love the gel nails and this light works wonderfully . i got it quickly which was even better . great price !
i like this product it was easy to put on and great colors and it was fun to do cool
i have not use this shampoo what i need it for i got medicine for so i don't have to use it .
i have used this brand before , but was leary to order on line . the color was perfect and the price was competitive .
i am a women and i love this body wash for my boyfriend he loves using it and it makes him feel really clean
it doesn't go very far , i need to use so much of it , it won't last long at all . it smells fine though .
they don't do what they are made to do ! after 20 minutes it has already creeped so far back there's no point in wearing one .
i love this skin moisturizer / lotion . it is very light weight and blends into the skin well , leaving the right amount of moisture to the skin .
this color is beautiful , i am fair skinned and it looks great on me . it also works for stamping nails .
been using this with the other brightening products in this line and have been enjoying them . mush cheaper then some other brightening brands .
this works awesome and dries the hair very well . havent had any trouble with it at all and it can be minimozed so stores easily in the garage
tihis clip is very pretty and colorful i wear it a lot get lots of complements on it , great price
i like this base because it is light on my face and gives me the natural look . it smooths and evens out imperfections without looking gawdy .
the packaging was great ! none of the beads mixed or poured out . for this price it was perfect ! i will buy again !
this is a creamy pink and coral shade . opaque in two coats . vibrante shade . not muted at all . beautiful color .
great for deep exfoliation and just feels good like a good back scratch . i use it with moroccan black soap .
this plate is great there are a lot of really pretty patterns and for the price it's a great deal !
got this for my boyfriend for christmas and we both love it . it's a clean , fresh scent and not overwhelming .
this not only enhances your eye shadow it keeps it on longer and better than anything else i have tried .
this worked very good on me.they say that my skin glows , but it takes little more time for that so have to use it regularly .
shipped fast , lipstick lasts long . i just wasnt very fond of the color , that's why i gave it 3 stars . everything else was fine .
i have really dry skin and this stuff is awesome . makes me feel like a queen after using . would recommend for dry skin . soothing !
i bought the smallest bottle just to test it out and i'm pleased . makes my makeup set in and makes my face look smoother and more even .
very happy , this products gives me many many products for my nails for several months to come with nail tips .
was not disappointed with this purchase . great variety of colors . i really love the browns / golds . i will buy this palette again .
this lotion is thick but not greasy . has a light oatmeal scent . very glad we ordered it for our young son .
bought this for back stage makeup for a theater production . the price was right knowing that i would not need it after the show .
i use this with my moisturizers only a little bit but it works nice and does not clog the pores
use it every day - i cut down to once a day after about 2 years of " the regimen " . i love it . still works .
this products dries extremely fast and works good with artificial nail , compared prices with other salon distributers and this one has great savings .. will purchase again
my sister loved it she bought some of these brushes and i loved them to because of the packaging its two in one
i don't like the waxy feeling of this product . it does help keep my dry hands softer but i just wished it wasn't so waxy .
it is really worthy buying this product with such a low price and the color block is not small at all ~
my daughter wanted me to buy her this color for christmas and she loves the color . beautiful shade of green . highly recommend .
love this product.it ' s a leave in conditioner andit leaves my hair real soft.can ' t say enough . great buy
i bought this for my husband because of his dry skin as recommended by my dermatologist . he now loves it .
i love bh cosmetics ! this is yet another great product - color saturation is intense but easily blendable . i would definitely but this again .
i love 100 % pure lotions and this one it my favorite . not to thick or thin , absorbs nicely and it has a great scent .
so i finally got them and yup got all the pearls like it appears in the picture and it was super easy to apply to my nails
i have finally stopped burning my carpet .. i take turns with whatever im using at the time ( straightener or curler )
this is a great all matte palette . thebalm always has great quality shadows and this is no exception . very happy with this purchase !
i love the color but it takes at least 6 coats to get it to a shade that's not transluscent .
made a difference after i straighten it , i like it very much . i just don't like its strong smell which fades a little when you actually straighten .
really like this product , decent quality . worked well for my nail art . of course not quality of a more expensive pair , but still recommend it .
took forever to dry and it is quite thick . i didnt care for these there are other matte top coats that do the job better
these we ordered to go with the razor we ordered and they were a great price and we will purchase more
i purchase this item because is one of the best finisher of revlon . i definitely going to buy another one .
well , back to giving cologne .. somehow i just don't know what styles youngsters like ( he's 44 ) . thank heavens i got him cologne .
excellent value . love the variety of color in the order . easy to work with . makes doing nail art easy and fun !
this is the only moisturizer i use for my face . if you have sensitive skin - buy this ! i live by it .
package arrived on time and fit my head snugly.no water got on my hair and i use it for my deep conditioning treatments
there is a visible difference . everything about this product is wonderful . can be used all over . pamper yourself . i use with an ultra soft sponge .
this stuff is very oily guys so be careful . i was still very oily even after i put powder on . its good for practice though .
it is difficult to actually judge a color online . this color was a bit bright but opi is great polish so i will give it a try .
this is a nice lightweight paddle brush that works very well getting tangles out of hair after washing . attractive as well !
found it very useful , it made my work so much easier and the look was fabulous and with a professional look .
i am hooked on nubar now . i will be buying as many as i can afford ! ! more holos please . whoo hoo
all suave products are good and this is no exception hair feels great and looks phenomenon . recommend for people who want something more sophisticated than suave kid shampoos .
finally got my black ties thanks for proactivity . and good place to continue shopping . god bless and thanks also the black ties are really good ones .
love it ! it is not for face but i do use it occassionally to scare my kids ! i call it the mummy mask
you seriously can't go wrong with this eyeliner . its the best eyeliner mac carries ( aside from the black track gel liner )
it is okay ... just a facial masque . i didn't notice any difference after finishing my jar .
i was so disapointed when i opened my package ! all of the balls were mixed . nota pone color os completely on its own . better packaging needed .
love love the color ! ! ! absolutely smashing ! could have longer wear ... maybe if worn over an eyelid primer ? will try that for sure !
great ... love it ! all of them .. good for daily use and gave you a great cherry shine on your nose and cheeks . worth to try
i got it for a moisturizer and it is not what i expected , i think there are several other korean moisturizers that are better
just another mascara , nothing special about it ... it did not give me luscious eyelashes , or volume ... just a basic mascara . kind of disappointing ...
amazing product . i have no eyebrows due to chemo . this draws nice hair like strokes , and doesn't smudge . it stays put , and looks very natural
i dont like it-it has an oily texture , and not really removing makeup , basicly it sucks !
this brush perfect for french manicure smile lines ! the bristles are good quality and compact ( great for nice clean lines ) .
its a nice device . it ceans your skin well . it would be better if it would spin on its own . good for the price .
use these all the time , and they totally work great for me . they pull out so much gunk from my nose pores ( yuke )
i love doing my nails and this makes it a lot easier . it makes perfect circles and they come in all sizes !
this is the only product that truly gets the knots out of my hair , thus preventing breakage . so , while expensive ... it's worth every dollar .
they are okay not one of my best buys .. i won't order this again . you get what you pay for .
awesome bronzer , i also use it for contouring . the darkness is buildable and you can go from a light all over bronze to a perfect contour line .
this item doesn't do anything for my hair . i wish i had never bought it . i will continue my search for a better one .
great staying power . has a dark purple undertone you can see in certain lights . very nice navy / dark blue . nice shimmer up close .
looks better in the photo than in person - - i was very disappointed with this . the clip is pretty cheap too .
everything was perfect . i cant be happier ! ! i have to say though it was a small box , but i guess that really good ! ! !
i have hyperkeratinization and these take care of it . it really helps to keep your dead skin from building up and clogging your pores . they really work .
smaller then expected but this mask was amazing and my skin looked flawless . i'm only using this for the luxury.overall a great buy
i bought this because the price was right , but not sure i know how to work it . it didn't seem to do the job for me .
this is a very good product but be careful becausethe blades are pretty sharp . good quality and nicelymade .
it immediately lightens my under eye area . verdict is still out on whether it has any long term effects though .
i bought this product along with many other products to make my own hair grease . and it keeps my hair moisturized enough that i can use it monthly .
this is great to smooth your ends after drying your hair . looks more polished . i love all wen products and have used for years .
great conditioner . gives volume , its cheap and for hair like mine that is very thin and brittle , it is excellent !
it literally does everything it claims to do . i'm on automatic refill . i use it with the eye cream , serum , and night moisturizer , too .
i use this eye shadow everyday and let me tell u how great this colors go together . i would really recommend !
great for my hair type and do not break / stretch out as fast as some other brands . would recommend this item .
love the citrus . its a strong and citrusy smell . its an altered original 360 and the perry ellis trademark smell .
great for sheer coverage , feels very light on the skin . it blends very well into your skin and gives a dewy finish .
this hair clip looks like my sons daycare class put it together and they're 3 . it looks nothing like the photo very disappointed
these wrappers work great and i was actually able to reuse them . not sure if i was suppose to but didn't have a problem with results .
this is an excellent product i purchased for my mom . it made it much easier for her to bathe . comfortable and easy to hold on to .
i can never get it to stay and hate to tease my hair , but this worked like a charm the first time !
i use thus daily it has really started my edges growing back . and is strengthening my hair i highly recommend this product
much smaller than expected but the colours are nice . some are a little chalky but most of them are quite blendable
works much better than any other teasing brush i have used . it easily grabs your hair and works quickly . great price too !
b khb high hbjh bib khb khb jhj hbj hbjh bib khb khb khb khb khb khb khb khb kh bkj bkj bkj b
these are not the colors i received . the colors are drab and sad looking . they are dark ! such a disappointment .
i've only used it a little , but it's a good brush . it's easy on my wig and worth the price . i'm glad i got it .
pretty and does the job . it combs hair . since that is the purpose of the product , to comb hair , then it works
i used this product for my facial veins and it helped a lot . easy to use and result were achieved .
the color and consistency are good.it work alone or with konad stamper . but if you already have thick black polish there is no need to spend money on this
bottles are a little too small , will only be able to to use a few times before running out . would like these colors in regular size bottles .
first of all there is no way there are 3000 in this thing . second of all they get quite cloudy when you put a top coat over them .
this product is just as good as the higher priced models . although you can only do one hand at a time , i'd definately recommend it .
nice brush set . very soft brushes . i have yet to have a shedding problem . would recommend . great buy for the price .
this reconstructor is much more than i expected ! i recommend to all who are with her hair damaged by chemical processes .
works really well as a base for makeup and a sunscreen . love it . will buy more !
excelente perfume , se puede usar de diario , muy suave y fresco , recibi el producto en el tiempo estimado , lo recomiendo .
recommended by my estetician . i love it and will keep using it . great line of facial products that do seem to help .
i like the way it leaves my skin feel . this has a very light fragrance , and is a good moisturizer .
this nail wheel comes packed with pearls ! there are an assortment of sizes to create different looks and they all look very cute !
great product , goes on smooth with a makeup brush and lasts all day long . matches my complexion perfectly . i would buy this product again .
love . this is my favorite foundation . nice coverage , not cakey ... just right !
love the gelish nail color ... the gelish seems to stay on even longer than 3 weeks and still looks good . i definitely recommend .
you get so little for the price . not worth it . get mac cleaner . bigger btl with slightly above price but lasts forever !
i wear false eyelashes often and use to use just regular tweezers or my fingers , but these make it sooooo much more simple !
the straightener works well at straightening without getting so hot that it burns hair . the only negative is that it squeaks when you press the two arms together .
this iron is very good , i have 2 . does a great job of straightening my hair . it is easy to use . i love it .
this was a gift but it smells so good i'd buy one myself . i love the price too - not bad .
you don't need much of this serum to add shine and smoothness to your hair . it does not weigh down your hairstyle but gives it movement .
i just received these and couldn't wait to try them out . i had no problems stamping the images . this is a good buy for the price
smells great & its a bronzer which shows great color after tanning . i've recommended to a coworker & she enjoyed it too
if you want fuller lips , this is a must try . have been using this for a few years now . love it !
this is a very vibrant red . i didn't expect it to look this pigmented but i do enjoy the color . it's something taylor swift would wear .
great ! doesn't leak and you can carry your favorite scent on vacation or in your purse . sprays very well without clogging up .
i like this sunscreen because it blends in well when applied to face . there is no white overcasting left on the skin when applied .
after using it once it would not stick again , i bought the hydrator spray to keep it moist but it still would not stay
this rhinestone picker picks up rhinestone and more . i will be ordering another as soon as possible .
did not work for me ... kept sliding around in my purse ... so i gave it to my daughter who says it works for her .
the images are beautiful and original , and they stamp crisply and cleanly on the nail ! i haven't had any issues yet . i love both pueen sets !
title says it all :) it's gentle , easily covers my roots , and gives my hair a luminous golden color with multi dimensional highlights . will buy again !
ill buy another ! very nice brush well worth the money . i can't say enough about it ! quality product . excellent deal
it's so inexpensive but one of the best masks available for shrinking pores and drying up blemishes . nice clean feeling !
i love the color of this product . i have tried different bronzers and think that this is a very affordable .
i was not too crazy about this . it is slightly greasy and the sale grains are large which i don't like on my skin .
i xo this conditioner but am not pleased with the shampoo . this conditioner is very good for color treated hair .
love the soap refills for the lysol healthy touch soap dispenser , but i did not like this smell . i prefer the vanilla .
.. maybe this brush is just not suitable for my hair type , i have wavy / curly hair and its making it more frizzy and not so soft ..
daughter in law loved it now she can put all her stuff in there and lock it to where the kids aren't in her stuff anymore .
my skin is very sensitive and this really works for me without irritating my skin at all . my skin feels so soft now and moisturized .
low cost and works fine with some added primer . good makeup for every other day . they had tones of shades .
this product worked great and would recommend it to others . shipping was quick and easy , and it was exactly what i thought it would be .
a pretty color . but , it kinda clumps . so , i just use one stroke per eye . or two . i'm ok with this product .
mac ! and other highend eyeshadows only w / o the steep price ! i use this palette at least 3x a week worth it !
they are cheap for a reason , that is because they will not stay on your nails , do not buy this crap product .
mr . bubble extra gentle is great i have used it for all of my kids i have seven . only bubble bath i trust .
i was pleased with the results i got from this product . i works exactly as i expected on my hair .
hold hair down but if humidity is out forget it will fail . non greasy which is good it's just okay
these are the size of a cigarette . they go on smooth and creamy . lovely colors . wood is good when sharpening and does not splinter .
this is a great product but it's way to thick for me . i end up mixing some water with it so it's not so thick .
floral and sweet . i love this scent . it's especially nice in the spring and summer , but i wear it year-round .
i love my new shany 36 watts uvlove that the more the watts the less time :-) will always support the shany product
i wear this in lieu of foundation most days and it's great . light but enough coverage to even out blotchy skin .
i love this eyeshadow base . it really causes the eyeshadow pigment to stay bright and fresh looking throughout the day . i will be buying again when needed .
i love these there really cool to use for nail art although u don't get as many as u see in the photo
this was a suggestion for me and i really like it . it helps fill any lines , smoothes and creates an overall easier way to help contour and coverup
i think the brush does what it says it should , but it is put together a bit oddly . arrived as stated .
i'm just crazy for nail gems and i just can't get enough . and these are just perfect for " play time " !
did not notice much of a difference or do what the product claimed to do but still a good moisturizer .
wow wish i always used this brush ! works great , it will be so much better for my split ends . no snags with wet hair .
work really well . so glad you get so many for such a great price . really great buy did exactly what i wanted .
you get a lot from just one squeeze to cover the entire lid top and bottom . and the packaging is cute and easy to use .
made weird buzzing sound and i was afraid it would blow up . i returned it quickly . also it was larger than i thought it would be .
purchased this cricket cool down iron travel case for my daughter as a gift ; she travels a lot and uses it a flat iron ; works well
i love this ! i like this much better than the daily foaming face wash ... i use it twice a week .
great produc takes a minute to get it but worth it when if finally arrives
goes on smooth as all get out and stays on all day long . i really love this eyeliner alot and will buy again ,
pretty colors . lots of choices . i bought this for my summer makeup . the pallet circles where a little smaller than expected but not a total dissapoint .
i love this color ! it looks like a professional pink done by the nail salon . i will be buying again .
fabulous item for the price . i've seen very expensive versions of this item and these are way better quality ! and cheaper too ! !
love me some bundle monsters . i have all their series and their binders too . this is a great starter set for a newbie to stamping .
this brush always locks when i close it as i am brushing . i struggle a lot with it , i cant brush comfortably when it locks each time !
i use this in addition to my regular conditioner and it leaves my hair feeling smooth and healthy . the product smells really good too .
love this moisturizer . the product delivers exactly as it states . great product , great manufacturer . i would highly recommend this item .
it does its job i like the fragrance of it ... ! i was looking for alcohol free toner so tried this first time and i absolutely love this !
my wife used this silicon mix and now she don't live without it.this is de third silicon mix that she buy .
this is just what i needed and it works great . i have a few liquid things i can put in it and it does the job !
its okay .. want say that i love it . it melts the nail so i dont really like it but it okay for glue on nails ;/
this is a nice , lightweight , product that shows proven results . pricey but worth it . doesn't weigh your eye down . covers easily with make-up .
great eye shadow base ! my eyeshadow stays . it is also wonderful as a highlighter for under the eyebrow . would def recommend .
my husband loves the moisturizer he loves that it does not have a smell and leaves his skin smooth . highly recommended .
this color is fantastic . rich , good coverage , and resists chipping . russian navy should be a staple for your fall polish collection
bad quality the colors are too bright for a bronzer and really bright pink tone maybe it will be good if the colors were darker a little bit
these caps are so small it's ridiculous ! i ended up giving them to my eight year old daughter to wear because they are not big enough for me !
my cuticle are always dry . massaging this into them has helped them so much and they are much softer now !
this has a pleasant fragrance and lathers well . doesn't seem as drying as some body wash does . would get this again .
this is the best that i have found so far ! make sure your first coat is dried completely before adding the matte .
leaves my hair nice and soft . smells great . would definitely recommend to a friend and plan to reorder when i run out .
it is a nice almost creamy orange . it is a great color that i like to use for different nail designs .
some of them worked swell - overall they were alright .. good enough . the brushes could break easily though , just saying :p that was my issue
it seems to work better then the discs that were in the pmd kit . i will order them again ! appreciate the free black insert .
this mirror provides so much for the money , it is not very sophisticated looking however really gets the job done . a good buy !
these are impossible to find in drugstore , don't know why . they are the only sponges that distribute foundation evenly and smoothly though imo .
just purchased this product . i can't tell if it's started working yet . however it does taste great . i will repost if i see any improvements .
i have always used ponds products for a reason and this one is every bit of what i have come to expect !
this product is just as good as the cream and my hair feels amazing after words . truely and must buy
i love the color of the product and the smooth gliding gel goes on so smooth and soft . nice little brush that comes with the eyeliner too !
i use this with other garnier face products and it does well , but i do feel that there are probably some better creams out there for moisturizing .
i like it so far i have less break out i think it work i would recommend this to a friend .
got this for my sister heard no complaints so far she got exactly the product that was advertised . good buy
i have been doing nails for a while and i have tried different sellers , and this one is one i will be buying from again
nice scent , but not as mild as normal cold cream . you do not want to get this near your eyes .
i love this color ! it's the perfect blue red ! it goes on nicely , lasts , and looks great ! i would definitely buy this again !
not really seeing any results from this and have been using it faithfully for both the brows and eyelashes . wil not purchase this again .
there is no other color quite like it . essie is the best , expensive though , but worth it . drys quickly too .
got this for wife based on reviews and it works great . she's very happy as her skin appears to br getting smoother
i read all of the reviews on here and i have to agree with all of the positive ones ! i love this highlighter .
this is a good product . i use it mostly as a body moisturizer after a shower--for my winter dry skin .
this mitt used in conjunction w / the moroccan black soap makes your skin smooth and soft . my skin just glows after using the above products .
they are a little hard to work with . wish they were just a little more softer when you put them on your lips .
i don't really notice a difference when i use it , although my skin feels softer it doesn't really look better to me .
i have been using this eye cream for years now and was told by my aesthetician told me it was considered the gold-standard of eye creams .
i thought i was ordering a block of coco butter . i got little tablets of coco butter . this is not good for grating into beauty products .
good quality product . i use this on my step-daughter . it seemed to help her eczema and did not have an offensive smell .
i really don't like the scent .. also leaves soap residue on my skin . had major breakout on my body after using.would not recommend :(
love bio oil for stretch marks scars and just for moisturizing dry chapped skin its great i even use it on my face from time to time
this product did not look like the advertised picture . it did not match and was lighter than the picture . awful
needless to say i was disappointed in the amount of money i spent on a poor quality product , not a happy customer .
still had creasing and it's too sheer . i would say get the benefit " stay don't stray " one instead . it's much better .
goes on smooth . dries quick . then peels off by next morning . save your money and buy another brand . not worth the money
made my hair feel brittle and dry and noticed nothing different . over priced and under whelming and i've tried everything /
i ordered " mood " lipstick before this and the blue turned a florent pink-doesn't work for a snowqueen costume , this lipstick does .
product flt just like liquid shea butter made me very happy , using this for my cosmetics and skin love it
i wasn't convinced this product did anything to lighten while it was peeling . any glycolic peel will work . maybe i will give it another shot .
works good , i only used it once . my hair didn't feel frizzy at all after use . so far so good . no complaints .
these are plastic pieces . i got some of the same colors twice . would not purchase again . can do better with another product
while it's a great sturdy product it is not as sharp as i thought it would be after reading some of the reviews .
i don't like the color choices of the glitter but be sides that its pretty could use only one coat .
this came really quick for drlivery . i had some polish that was thick so i puta few drops in the polish and it looks great now . thanks again
this dryer dried my hair so quickly ! it saving me so much time and it is pretty quite too.best hair dryer i owned .
arrived on time but the color is a little darker than i thought it would be . i have tried powder i like better .
these brushes work well , i use them for my nail art . i am very pleased and highly recommend them to anyone .
i have used this product for several years now with my dermatologist's approval and am quite pleased with the results .
i thought this was going to be a small compact with blushes and contouring powders , but each circle was really big ! this will last forever . :)
they came earlier than expected and i love the variety of sizes given . one end of each pen is the same size however .
i use this on my kids in the winter . after a bath it keeps their skin hydrated and soft . i would recommend this .
i have been using olay total effects for three years . i would highly recommend this product to any women . i will continue to buy it ,
i really like this hair spray . i've grown out my hair and this gives just enough hold without feeling stiff .
it didnt do much . didnt abosorb any oli at all . kinda broke my makeup . i didnt like it . but meh . it's fine i guess .
do you like mineral makeup ? then you will like this--same thing you can get at sephora or ulta only without the driving or dealing with stuck up sales people
this is a good conditioner spray for human hair not synthetic the only reason i say that is it leaves your wigs looking and feeling oily
lovely eye shadow color kit for the fall ! shany eye shadow are always so pigmented would love to have this for fall !
best results i use for skin conditions are variety acne & scar , firm face & neck , enlarged pores , removes toxin etc .
does what it says it will do . i do use a credit card as some have suggested to avoid scratching and scraping up my plates though .
good but not really sure if it work . great for the price those . trying to experiment with different products for healthier hair .
i love this product . i gives my skin a really nice soft feeling . muy skin glows in a bery healthy way . i will definitely order more .
i was given this in the past at a medi spa and loved i because it was so light . would highly recommend .
love this wand ! it's quite a bit thiner than i expected but it makes pretty curls and is easy to use !
it's a fuschia pink . came fast , and was exactly what i expected . i love nyx because they do not test on animals . thanks .
this is a very good product that does what it says . the delievry time was good , too .
it never worked and i cannot return it ... even tried new batteries ... :-( if it had worked i would have loved it ...
very easy to use and much nicer than continuing to make them myself out of terry cloth . luxury item worth the money .
although i received this product for free , that does not mean that my review is biased . i love this product ! works wonders .
i had already purchased amla gold oil and let my friend use it on her daughters hair . she fell in love so i had to make another order :o)
love the product ! it really does work for the lower eye lashes ! in love with it . hope u guys like it as well
i was very pleased with this product . it really held my lashes on . it dried clear , and that was great ! ! !
loves these dark halloween colors . they lasted me for about 6 months . the nail polish stayed on for about 2 weeks .
i usually don't like oily products but this one is okay . works great and removes my eye makeup as advertised .
i have been a long time fan of rimmel makeup products.they never disappoint.and they are great on my sensitive skin.thank you !
when i put this on , i can actually feel it working on my body . kist fantastic ! thank you for creating this !
color is lovely and it seems to be hydrating , too . i will get another color ! wish it had a little sunscreen .
this eyeshadow palette contains high-definition eye color at a low cost . lots of beautiful colors to play with and use .
tools are very heavy and seem like they will last forever ! not really sure what the big red one is for though ...
i think this product works you just have to be patient . if it does work it works slower than a turtle crawls .
this works very well when straightening my hair . it leaves it silky smooth . it protects from heat . it's a very good product .
perfect for helping hold rollers and hair when styling hair . not a fashion hair item , all function , but works exactly like i need it to .
it was to messy and i am just having a very hard time getting lashes on right . i have used this type of product before with no problems /
love the smell of citrus , and this lotion smells so good . it is absolutely something that i would purchase again .
this plum color goes great with dark hair or dark skin . very moisturizing and glides on the lips flawlessly . this is my third one purchased ! !
great for shining hair and smooth skin . all natural and long lasting . i recommend this brand of natural oil for hair and skin .
i love love love my dotting tools . there was not one problem upon receiving them . they work like magic ! love them !
wow ! this shade is so perfectly shimmery and smooth . a must have for us essie gals ! you will love it , i sure do .
i love this tinted moisturizer ! it's so creamy and light and spf 15 too ! just one step instead of 2 or 3 . highly recommend !
this product does the job i like the colors but the brushes it comes with are worthless luckily i already had a good one .
great for the price.quality good enough for my dyes . so if you looking for something cheap and not pro , then yes !
i love it . i would recommend it to anyone . it is a very dark brown , and it goes on smoothly , like silk . no flaking .
not as good as the ad . the stay and stick is not as good as a great product should be . cleans up easy after use .
wife said it was awesome and was vey happy with it . can only recommend for skin that isn't oily or dry .
i highly recommend proactiv .. any age . i tried numerous things for acne and finally found this . it truly works better than anything else out there
love the color and china glaze always makes the best polish , you'll love this color it's amazing ! ! i love it
awesome grey / silver color with sparkles . the actual color on the bottle does not do any justice . two coats was a perfect shade
i don't like the scent , i prefer burt's bees sensitive line of products . i'd rather use a lighter mousturizer and use less of it
love this product . i put in in my hair and then sat under the steamer . my hair was softer and felt divine . smells good too
great purchase ! i love the item and i am very pleased with the product . i am very happy i stumbled upon it .
love this makeup . great to put in your purse . colors are nice especially for brown eyes .
a bit dull ! not so great . but i guess they do justice for the price . will not be ordering again . you get what you pay for
item is as described and color is good . would recommend product . good product at a good price . would order again .
it works good its soft and adorablely soft if its a word so yea my sister bought it and she loves it
i like this highlighter very much ! its not toooo much when put on , i dont look like im covered in sparkles ! just a subtle healthy glow .
i love this all the colors are so nice i will get this again i have a lot to chose what i wantto use im in love with this
i love the color combination and the diagram on how to apply the colors . just beautiful as more expensive brands
i take one azo cranberry a day and do not have a problem with utis . there are good vitamin and probiotic ingredients in this product .
i love this bright , coral color . it is the perfect start to spring or summer and cnd has the best shellac .
i recieved my polishes all in tact and i love the colors . i can't wait to try them all out ! !
i got these for water marbling ... the worked so good ... they look great together or alone ... i love these colors ... and china glaze is awesome !
i have reordered this multiple times . it goes with the nt . very happy with the product especially formulated for thinning hair .
it detangles with ease , and the brush fits in most of my purses . the bristles are very gentle on the wigs .
i like the way my skin feel after the use and my clients love the smell of pumpkin , ginger-ish scent .
this isn't what i expected the myrrh to smell like . i would use it more often if it wasn't so heavy .
works alot better then the glue i was using . last pretty long and is super cost effective for us divas who need our lashes =]
it looks great with the finish and i like that it folds back against the wall so you have space
i use these daily to clean my face . the cotton holds up great . the scrubby side falls off after use but stays on long enough for me .
loved the convenience of this - colors are perfect - highly recommend for day wear . this product more than satisfies the descriotion on amazon .
this was such a bargain . it arrived super fast for super cheap too . i should have bought 2 for myself and more for my friends . thanks !
this color was beautiful on . its a nice summer color but can be worn anytime . i did two coats of this color and loved the end result .
i couldn't wait to get my polish . it came super fast & was exactly as described . it looks great over many different colors .
it is weird but this particular conditioner does not condition . it is very thin , and it leaves my hair super dry and can ’ t brush through .
love this . it really conceals the pores and smoothes the skin before applying their foundation . i use it every day !
smells good safe smell . nautica voyage to me blows it away . but at this price it is a good safe cologne
it was a little to small for my head and then when i did get it on it was very awkward to wear
an amazing set for an affordable price ... delicate images that stamp flawlessly for everyday nail art ... thank you pueen :)
i've used that before i came to the states and feels very good . rose and cucumber are both good . i'll try vanilla next time ~
this stuff smells really good and it feels nice on . i don't know that it necessarily is a game-changer or anything but it's enjoyable .
cap comes off too easily ! came apart in my purse and made quite a mess !
it's an ok as a lip gloss but gives my lips no color at all . since the color is sangria , i expected more .
this is a great little set to have around . stamp works great , and i haven't had any issues with the scraper . overall , great product .
a whole lot of fruity yumminess andfresh clean hair with a slip ! a staple in my beautu bag . enjoy yinz
the rounds are thick enough that even a large quantity of toner or makeup remover doesn't break apart the cotton . i'll continue buying these for daily use .
my hair is very damaged so i'm not sure if my hair is just too far gone ? i did use the product but won't order again .
this iteam is more than i thought it would be great towear and not hard to spot . i love the size and love wearing it
this product offers good quality and really works as intended . motions products are generally quite good . this one is no exception . give this one a try .
my daughter has a knack for doing her hair and mine too ! she loves this curling wand and uses it just about every day .
i loved the idea of having a separate tool and container . love this product and buy the looks of it will last a very long time !
you don't have to be a pro member to purchase this color from mac . they now offer it on their website and i think in stores also .
i guess i thought it would have more to offer than primarily an alcohol smell - i'll use it for air freshener .
i use this on my curly haired daughter . it does a good job of refreshing her curls . it also doesn't have a strong smell .
the quality and performance of this product is comparable to its more expensive counter part . highly recommended for those gel nail addicts
these have made it so much easier for us to make great nail art at home . great quality . very hyappy with this product .
i simply love this perfume , it's really great , and it shipped fast and without any damage . its sweet fragrance is fabulous .
it got rancid pretty quick , and this is not cheap . i did keep it in the dark cabinet as the instructions said .
for the price , this brand of body scrub is the best scrub and it smells wonderful . i've bought their other ones , too .
love this wand ! i mostly enjoy that it goes from thick to thin , it works great for my thin / fine hair
this is my go-to foundation and has been since i first tried it . the coverage is good without being overdone .
when i received this item i laughed and gave it to my daughter for her playdoll , this was a joke on me for wasting my money
this is a really gorgeous lilac color , doesn't chip much , but i do feel like the drying time is a little slow .
to work . it may even work better with the step 3 hair foam stuff . needs to be more affordable to be rated higher .
love this product ! it is just like what they use in the salon , and is great for pedicures at home . great for toes with bad cuticles !
this stuff is great for over processed hair . if you blow dry and use curling tools i highly recommend to keep hair from heat damage
use every other day for hair dryness and it works well . this feels great on your hands as well and not greasy at all !
i've tried multiple top coats and this is by far the best . beats everything out there ! dries quick and keeps nails looking professional done .
it is hard to do by yourself , but practice makes perfect ! ! ! but its such a great deal then buying it from sephora for only 30wraps
i hate these brushes.they aren't good at all the bristles are crap and the shed sooo much its ridiculous .
such a difference . i never used primer before and it works so well . also i use it under my eyes and i look less tired !
this is a wonderful honey scent--full and rich . great longevity . layers wonderfully with other perfumes as well . has become a go to favorite . highly recommended .
this product was ok . it was too thick for my taste . also , the colors that i really liked didn't have much product .
non slip soft plastic cover of the clasp bar is a nice touch . you won't have to keep adjusting it .
nice variety in this selection . much more vibrant in person ... can't wait to test them out .
these brushes are awesome especially for the price . i love them . they're not shedding yet . oh and a tip shampoo and condition brushes before use .
i don't know why so many ladies despies this awesome eyeshadow palette from wet n wild , but i happen to like this eyeshadow palette .
very small bottle for the price . it feels great after a derma roller . it is more dense than water . feels refreshing . worth trying
i will keep buying this until they do . my hair loves , and the price is right . great quality and smells so good .
love love love ! i was very skeptical about dry body brushing .. but i'm absolutely hooked ! highly recommend this to everyone
i really like how these looked on me ! also , i thought it was nice that these lashes came with two little tubes of glue !
great detangling comb . the handle makes it nice and easy to use . i use it every day to keep my hair manageable
this product works great on my niece's hair.this item is made by the unilever company , a well known company who also makes axe , and suave products .
a very moist and rich soap it does not leave my skin dry like some other soaps ... rich moisturizer for the skin
i have both kits and very excited to make some awesome manicures with them .. i have tested the plated and they stamp well .
drys incredibly fast with less heat . perfect for people with processed hair to help reduce the amount of time / heat needed to lessen damage over time .
i wasn't very happy with this presentation , but the seller was very easy to work with , we came to an agreement that we were both happy with .
i will be delighted to rate it when it shows up.resend the message when it has been sent.thanks
this is a great product , cleans without drying . i use it on my mature skin to clean out my pores and help with exfoliation .
arrived on time and is exactly what i was expecting . small but mighty and i will be using these gems a lot in my designs .
this is a wonderful way to practice your nail art or to display your nail art in an easy to work with disc .
so perfect nice colors bright pretty so many of them nice size look so great on my nails and my friends the red is my favorite
this product does what it says ; it helps to effortless remove cuticles from nail beds ; has a pleasant smell to it ;
it cleanses without leaving the skin dry . this order lasted me for about 2 years ! decently priced in my opinion .
honestly it seems to be better than gillette proglide , my new favorite for shaving my legs without irritations and so much cheaper
these were my girls favorite brushes but the last one we got was not as flexible as they used to be and hurts their head .
this stuff smells great . i have thin hair that seemed to get oily with some shampoos lately , no problems with this .
use purity everyday to cleanse my face , i feel it is just that gentle . my face feels clean , never dry after applying it .
great oil , very moisturizing and full of antioxidents . it does have an herbal smell , but other than that works great !
i love this product it's really works and it's better than opi matte color i like chalk ok naked glaze better and it's like a top coat
great product ... you won't be disappointed ! noticeable difference after one use . better than frownies and easy to use . reordering more today .
magical product changed my life works lovely for beach wave texture . i have fine lifeless hair this sea spray works wonders ;)
my wife loves makeup e she says it is the best.she is very happy with this giftshe recommends
i have been using this product since the summer and my hair absolutely loves this smoothie ! it has become an instant staple ! ! :-)
i am very sensitive to soaps and need something with no glycerin and scents etc ... this one works well . i do recommend it
this is a wonderful sulfate free conditioner for those of us with curly hair . it helps keep the curls instead of tangles .
this silicone brush is more of an applicator . the nubs barely brush although this is better than hand applying facial cleanser
this is a great product ! used this on my hair and made it more soft and easier to manage :)
much blunt . bought two different colours . was cheap but , does not look it . i might just get another one too .
been using this on my beard . the quality is high for sure . i expect this comb to last me a long time .
leaves my face feeling soft and cool stopped my breakouts it works amazingly i recommend to anyone with oily face and having breakouts this really helps
i love the compact size , perfect for home and travel . my first set lasted over 20 years , decided it was time for a new set .
the shea butter and warm vanilla is a nice scent . it's similar to the almond cream scent . will order more .
especially the container . thought they were a bit bigger though . and the other display pictures it shows multitible size diamonds .
good stuff if used in combination with a retinol anti-wrinkle cream or filler . use it at night over your anti-age serum .
awesome add on item . great tint feels awesome on your skin . its definatly an add on item every girl needs
best straightener i've ever used . requires less heat to straighten my kinky , frizzy hair than other flat irons . doesn't dry out or kill my hair .
great product for the price , you only need a little bit ! i use it twice a week on my face at night !
ive used these numeroys times stamping takes some practice , but it is so much eeasier than free hand drawing . i definitely would recommend this product .
works great and smells great too ! i would order it again . we are using it in all of our bathrooms at home now .
love gelish , but especially love this color ! great application , great color etc . probably do need 2 coats , but that's fine .
great application i have found that when it comes to certain colors such as gold konad special polish is the best
for the price it is ok , the smell isn't so bad , it would have been nice if the smell stayed a bit longer . but otherwise ok .
this perfumr is awesime . so many compliments . the only thing ill wear other than dream angels heavenly . it is long lasting as well
it's kind of sticky imo . and i haven't noticed that it really does anything . not sure if i would repurchase .
i keep this little one in my purse . it's convenient and i can find it easily because of it's color .
didn't give the roduct a chance to work . used the bottle up and didn't see any results so i didn't reorder . i should have kept using
vitamin c is good for the skin , keeps it young . i use on arms too , when skin gets too dry
they are not being used for the nails , they are being glued on to things that my daughter and her friends make when they come over .
i like it . smell very nicely - smooth to apply . will buy again
love this cotton u can use as many strips as you want and it doesn't scratch your face . would buy again !
this is not an avon product . was not sealed . label not straight - makes me wonder about quality control . returning to be safe .
pretty pretty ! good for everyday . just enough sparkle to lighten up a burgundy red . safe for all seasons and everyday wear
i was looking for a body brush and really like the size of this one . i like that you can use with the palm of your hand .
i love this product it makes my skin feel fantastic . i seen instant results after using this product . i going to be a repeat customer for sure !
not for thick coarse horse hair like mine . maybe for thin hair . smells good , but not for thick hair . or long locks .
product is not greasy and has a nice tint to it . works great under my makeup and doesn't feel greasy or look shiny .
i like how this product leaves my fine hair feeling much smoother and silkier . i would purchase again and recommend to those with fine hair .
its been almost 2 years since i bought this dryer and it is still perfect . for such a cheap price i highly recommend it !
smells great , my wife really liked it but she says it doesn't have staying power . it may not be the real thing , who knows .
i wish that it came with a design sheet or tips but u get what u pay for but cool
smooth and soothing upon application . no greasy residue . yet i am not crazy about the smell .
no clumping so far ! very happy . just the right consistency . slightly rounded applicator . nice and dark . made lashed look goodhappy with purchase .
this smells good , clean little sweet , almost like a soapy smell , not unpleasant , for me its a day time scent .
i don't use it a lot because it's a very strong color but it applies easily and doesn't smudge much .
not too good , i used it when i did not have hair conditioner but did not make such a big difference in that part .
i used it , correctly . this spring gave me bumps all over my face where the hair was pulled out . would not recommend .
cheap , thin , wiggy-shiny ... but they were very inexpensive , so i knew they might be that way . my daughter now uses them with her dolls .
no complaints about this product . everything came perfect with the same amount as stated in the description . highly recommend this
i really like this polish color , i used about 3 coats to get the same look as the picture . i would definitely recommend this nai polish .
my dermatologist recommended aveeno and i have been very pleased with it . it suds us nicely with the net scrubbers and leaves my skin silky smooth
it had my hair frizzy . i did like how the deep conditioner had my hair feeling but the rest of it was no use to me .
love the scent . so feminine . it is great and smells wonderful and i love this size bottle . it looks so pretty on my vanity .
muy buen producto llegó sin problemas y sin defectos , el empaque fue apropiado y no tenia problemas visibles , en lo personal lo recomiento 100 %
my sister purcahsed this as so far no complaints the on it at all , looks like it was a good buy
this color is exactly the color shown . the price is so much cheaper then if you buy this from your local beaty supply and its a bigger bottle .
this navy color is quite pretty and softer than a black liner on my green eyes . it's a nice liner but not very long lasting .
great foundation . it match my skin tone very well and i dont need too much of it to cover ll my face .
i love olay total effects . i use it every night . i am 74 years old and i get a lot of compliments about my face skin texture .
great product and really helps your foundation go on smoother with better coverage ! i'd buy these for all of my friends and family ! i use them everyday !
got these for my nail art and they are nice especially for the price but i dont like that they dont lay flat against your nail
within 7 seconds tangles disappear and combing difficult tresses are a thing of the past . great product and price . highly recommend .
this is a great product ; i've used it for the past year . no damage to hair , color is great , and it lasts !
must have . i bought it for my mom , and i love it too ! ! worth every penny ! ! ! will buy it again ! !
i really like this lotion .. tried my coworkers and now i have to buy it ! the smell is nice and it moisturizes the skin .
these are tiny samples of each kind of nail art . all kinds of fun and pretty ways to decorate nails .
i thought they were bigger , but theyre smaller than your pinky but theyre beautiful and look great . a little tuff to cut through , i
with wavy hair , a flat iron leaves hair straight for todays looks . it heats up quickly , has adjustable heat setting and is easy to use .
these colors are so cute and not expensive at all . the pinks are beautiful colors and is perfect for a gift !
these are a great addition to my hair collection . i will continue ordering these for my friends and family ! very fun !
great brush . so happy about this brush because of the price and the quality is so good . i will definitely purchase a lot of real technique brushes .
i have hair that is neither straight nor curly , just wavy and fuzzy . this product really helps my hair look both straight and shiny .
great product ! it allows room for those longer hairstyles or for those who have to constantly adjust to the standard ( smaller ) foam heads .
this is a nice collection of fine glitter , works great for art projects and for my nails ! happy with this purchase ...
it's o . k . , really didn't do that much for me . i'll stick with my olive oil and vitamin e oil . a . l .
great product line ! my skin was never as good as when i used this product . wish i could afford more . highly recommend this whole line . ​
my new favorite red lipstick . its a perfect red and last all day . i have pale skin and it looks nice on my compleion .
the product works , no doubt about that . i cant stand the smell of it , and it stays on me for days . i wont buy this again
this makes my hair incredibly shiny ! i will be purchasing this product again , it also has strengthened my hair . this is a good product .
wow , what a deal ! i was not prepared for the quality of this item because the price was low . you will not be disappointed ! ! !
this is not a face lift , but does help with the fine lines around the eyes and mouth . feels very good .
love this stamp plate ! design comes out very detailed on nails ( used konad black ) . i am very happy with this purchase .
i haven't used it yet as i got it for when i do need it . i love this brand of polish !
this was an okay product . it wasn't really what i was expecting but the customer service was great ! nothing again them just the product .
awesome mascara ! although i still like the regular non waterproof better ! price-wise is pretty much the same as in any store
i give this an okay because i just got them and i haven't had a chance to use them yet
this smells just like aramis mens cologne ! nasty , awful . what on earth was madam gres smoking when she created this one ! ! !
great all over powder.smells amazing anna's goes on beautifully doesnt leave you all orange either . i got the translucent powder
waste of money i regret all the money i wasted buying this hair loss product that does not do anything in your favor
i love this eye serum . you hardly have to use any and it feels so soft and smooth on my eyes . it works great !
i use it for stamping on my nails and the yellow is so light and you can't give it a double coat for stamping .
i love this colour good for night party its really nice perfect dark pink ... if u want dark pink this is the 1
this product combined with the intensive protein treatment really made a difference in my color treated , dry , frizzy , hair . very pleased .
i bought this for my married daughter . she loves it . she uses it all the time to brighten up her make up .
eazy , super cool , fun to work with , i would certainly recommend this to all my mua friends ... fun.com , try them , u will love em
product was as expected , good quality . i would recommend . they are a little smaller than i thought but i can still use them !
what can i say , other than these do the trick , seem to be of fairly good quality , and are an excellent price .
does the job . the spoolie is not too rough . the angled brush is soft and maneuvers well . excellent tool to add to your arsenal .
it good but is very thin and some is coming off but apart from that great prodcut is greate and hope u buy it
but is too small bottle , smells good and for sure make exercice and usethis product make more efective , come on time
i use this with my nyx lip stick and gloss . it is pretty when used with a lip gloss . very pretty !
i am yet to use them , but when i do i am sure i will learn to love them . i'd say it was a dollar well spent .
i thought this is thick enough to clean the edge or clean the sides of my finger nails.not that satisfied .
sometimes you need a cream that will sink in and protect . this one seem to do that . good for super dry skin .
i love this product ! i put one coat on my nails and place under uv light for 3 min . shines and hardens like glass .
very feminine and classy . not too bold . this brand stays on my nails longer than opi . can't go wrong with this product
i threw this away . smells gross , is horrible on hair . my skin started to look patchy and weird . i will never buy this again .
i love this product . it leaves a thick acrylic wrap on your nails n they grow ! must have . drys up fast though
i like this mascara very much . i don't think i would recommend it to anyone because i have not used it enough .
absolutely perfect for nail designs with acrylic i have not used them other than with acrylic but i'm sure they would still work and look great .
works good , easy to spread everywhere . i do prefer the night cream though . more bang for the buck i guess
i absolutely love this ! it has a mild scent and works really well . it is a good product for the price
this works really well detangling my girls hair.it is goodin or out of the shower . it is also reasonably priced .
this is my go to top coat for regular polish . drys so fast with a almost glass finish its awesome and makes any polish look brighter !
like all these products this leaves me thinking these are just other names for moisturizers . kind of thick and does not spread as easily as pump products .
this is a great price for this perfume and such a large bottle . if you know you already like it - this is the best deal around .
this stuff is great - i've tried both this and the ipa shampoo , love them both . a bottle lasts a couple of months .
smells great ! cleans well . i can tell the difference between this and the bar soap i was using . my skin doesn't feel dry .
love this mascara , the only fallback is that it was only available in waterproof . excellent product ! have used for many years and it never fails me !
i used this faithfully for two months . no results at all . i have deep toned skin so maybe just too much melanin . i won't repurchase it .
have used this for years . product gives medium coverage . goes on nicely and stays well even without setting with powder .
i've only used this once but the color of pink was kinda light unlike the other ones i have used . so it was just ok for me ...
i did not get the texturizing i wanted from this hair spray . regular hair spray would have done the same .
good moisturizing cream on every skin type . the price is good , not too expensive like other mositurizers available in the store .
love this color . it's a pretty shade and tinted balm so not as bright as lipstick . it made my lips feel soft also . would buy again !
this was a great purchase . i also bought thread to go with this . both lasted a long time and is pretty sturdy .
so far i love it . it makes my face feel so good and hydrated will be ordering more for sure !
this mascara was waaaaay too clumpy for me . and the brush was huge . i just threw it out . maybe my tiny asian eyelashes are to blame .
i got this to go with my dermorganic shampoo , treatment , and masque . they all make my hair feel good and easy to manage
bought for a friend's birthday and she loved it . she said that it heated quickly and curled her hair beautifully .
bought this as a gift . it has all the basic products you need to get started . it is also an excellent starter kit .
great lotion minus parabin . nice , mild vanilla fragrance . everyone in the office loved it . took it home so it would last longer . worth buying .
totally love the smell . it is wonderful . love wearing it . i even wear it to work . it is really nice .
you can feel the tingling and then when the mask drys and you wash it off my skin feels so soft and my pores are looking smaller
i use the shea butter as a foot softener . it works really well . my feet are always so smooth after a night time treatment .
i love all the sizes and colors on the handles work nice for the nail art . i will buy these again
love the smell of this purfume - its strong at first but fades pretty quickly , so spray it on and enjoy ! i get compliments wherever i go !
i am happy with this product although it takes a while to see results . but i think that in time it does work .
i should have read the reviews before purchasing because its just plain glittler ! thick glitter . its okay still usable for other projects but i expected powdered glitter .
maybe my circles are just too dark for this product , but it did not work for me . i am trying something else
the product is great , the taupe matches my brows better than this one , but for a more dramatic look i like this one as well ...
shanys professional cream foundation and camouflage concealer palette is great comes in a lot of colors and i just love palettes !
i got this and im surprise it looks very profesional , and the set of brushes its well made.nice quality and cheap .
love these large sized image plates so many choices with practice designs come out great like all the designs included .
this stuff is too strong ! ! it peeled my skin within 2weeks of using . i would not recommend this product for use ! !
this is a great product . i have used it on insect bites as well . it seems to calm down the itching .
the cream itself is a thick and creamy and smells a little funny but i defiantly think it has tightened up / reduced fab on my arms and thighs .
great bag not as wide as i thought my straightener don't fit in the bottom but all in all works great for everything else perfect for traveling
have added this to moisturizer . too soon to tell . takes a while . i'll trust in other reviewers . don't purchase any products without reviews .
i bought this as a gift for a friend , and her nails have grown longer than she has ever had them i recomend this to everyone !
used this product for 2 months and saw no results . found that odd . maybe i bought fake product ? 1 star .
i like this oil but there are others that i like better . i mixed it with another oil for my hair and it worked okay .
smells awesome like its body spray and it keeps my skin healthy and soft . i use a body puff also with this and i love it
i think this color is pretty true to the pic on the computer . it's a nice purple & it's very rich . nice coverage .
these are nice but once you put clear polish over them the color runs that's why im giving this product a 3 star .
i have to use 2 of these to keep all my hair dry . i will probably use them for covering food containers instead .
who doesn't like dove soaps ? i prefer caress or oil of olay better , but this soap is just as nice .
i love this product for keeping my brush hairs in place . this helps your brushes keep their needed shape . love this .
i was thinking it was a lipstick but it was a stain.so i give it 100 thumbs down ... not good ... not for me ...
this is such a pretty subtle color , i got it done at a nail shop and had to find it and purchase it myself :)
this is nothing special . it is just like any other face primer that has silicone in it . the package is cute , but that's about it .
i like suave shampoo because it gets my hair clean and it smells good , too . it is a good value .
this one is very nice i was thinking in other think but when they coming i was surprise
must be used in conjunction with the day cream to see how it helps the skin , it gives it a glow in the morning .
this is a great shampoo . it is incredibly light , as in high viscosity . there's no residue to linger over in the rinse . interesting scent too .
i have always loved calvin klein euporia . the blossum is a little more flowery and a little less musky and a very good fragrance .
no better no worse than any other firmimg cream - there really was no visible difference so i would recommend to bargin shop
i wasn't very impressed with this product . i don't think it lives up the hype . not worth the money .
this fragrance was more than expected , you can't go wrong with the price at all , the product arrives faster than expected
which is strange because other items from this line work very well but this item , no , not good . too many filler ingredients perhaps ?
i use the different concealers on diffent parts of my face and it's handy to have them all in one place . great palette overall .
it makes my hair feel so soft and shiny . it's the moisture my hair has been needing . i really love it and it smells great !
don't buy doesn't work . there is no kind of pressure or good grip on the product slips right off . just another gimmick .
i love the smell of roses and this water has just the right amount of fragrance . i keep a spray bottle at home and at my office .
there is such a wide range of colors , you can find a color to go with anything , it is a really nice set .
i like the performance it gives my hair . it's very lite not heavy and greasy and want leave you hair feeling dry .
this is a really good makeup to wear over foundation . it's the perfect color for me and provides good coverage as well .
this is an awesome hair conditioner . i recommend it to everyone searching for a dominican product . it leaves your hair soft and shiny .
looks great with the colors i have and more now that the summer is coming ! i need to look great at all times ..
like this product a lot ... absorbs quickly , no strong smell of any sort . light and not greasy , would recommend for sure .
the powders worked very well when i used them . i didn't have any problems at all with application or any aspect .
sally hansen makes the best products for nails . this product was received before edd and i use it twice a week , so i will be ordering again !
luv the colors ! ! ! one for each mood and will not damamge your nails ! ! ! i change them as often as i want ! ! !
3 stars because it does moisturize however i have brown hair with blonde highlights and after using this my hair looks totally brown !
i have used these products for years and will continue to use them . will be ordering again when i need more .
i am not sure jet what to think about this one but i like the smell ... use it on my daughter too !
i guess i got what i paid for but i was rxpecting better . the product works good but the materials look very cheap .
i got the best use from this product by watching youtube videos . it creates a lot of curl out of my wavy hair .
not really much to say about this except that it's exactly what i expected . works just fine ! i am happy .
works wonders hides marks blends colors and helps with scars acne whatever u have great for the face and finishes flawlessly
very pleased with this purchase . scissors are sturdy and sharp . cutting my bangs was a breeze . i truly recommend them .
cute but i was expecting a bit bigger , the clip on the back broke within two weeks and i only used it twice .
i use a-tips for my makeup application and cleanup , so i go through them quickly . this bundle should last for a bit !
can't find these in stores , its a bit sticky and haven't felt or seen a difference . i can just say is okay .
product worked as stated . i mixed with apple cider vinegar . definitely gave me a deep clean but my face didn't seem dry .
like this product leaves fresh face , a skin losana , prepares for makeup , creams to get , skin makes better . a good product ,
very cheap product . i don't understand the rave reviews . it is as effective as using a washcloth . don't waste your money .
nice brush , nice shape , nice mascara ... not much of a legnthener but great at making your lashes thick without clumping ! ! !
this mascara may work well for others , but it did absolutely nothing for my eyelashes . no lengthening nor any volume .
this package was for my sister and niece , both of them has thick and long hair . it holds everything in place and till now they didn't complain .
decent product was nice and actually warmed up your face but didn't give me some blemishes . seem to make my face a little greasy a couple hours later .
been using this product for a while , love it , goes on nice and light but has enough hold , would recommend it
i like this product a whole lot . it covers well , and i know it's treating the problem too.would buy again .
a good curling iron it gets very hot . i like it but it takes time to learn how to use it and get that beautiful curl .
this is a great iron . it gets very hot and is light weight . it allows me to style dry hair very quickly !
works great for fungal infections , diaper rashes and even athlete's foot ... was recommended to me by an ostomy doctor and have used it ever since
these are great brushes for the price . nice collection of sizes and styles for crafters ... just what i was looking for .
it smells very nice and my wife loves it . she have alrealdy used this perfum and bought it again for her .
works alot better than some others . nice size . i like that when doing clean up there is a small amount sitting on top to dip qtip in .
it is awesomely rare that you receive things just like they are supposed to be . this product was just that
the girls love them ... teenagers are pros at making the coolest designs and these are perfect for their creations ! ! ! just didn't buy enough !
love the color of this lip gloss i really want to try and get all the shade from this nyx brand will def recommend it :)
my husband loves this soap , and so do i . it smells like cranberry and cleans the skin very well , just liked soap should .
i love that smell evert time i wear it everybody compliments me for how wonder full i smell and the lotion and shower jell are also very great !
finally got it , very soft , couldnt ask for a better brush to apply blush . highly suggest it , real techniques is a great brand .
effective at removing moles . just be careful at placing product directly on growth mole , etc . will peel surrounding skin if not careful .
although product is very light , easily absorbed ... only spf of 15 . prefer at least spf 30 . feel better protected from sun damage .
color wise i'd say its the best you can get compaired to the acid palette thats you cant buy in america . i think its alright .
i bought this color for a fancy dress party for my barbie look . the colour was spot on . nice product .
softsoap is a great product i really liked the way it smells and that calm feeling it contains . definitely satisfied !
i love these makeup blender sponge puffs . they blend like nothing else and are great for blending in foundation with no streaks .
i love to use this after i have applied my hair gel . it gives a little extra hold to support my hair gel .
i would not know , i never received this product . i was sent the wrong item .
they are so cute but are so tiny and can hardly pick up and fall off easily and . you can really hardly tell that it is on
i ordered this and had it sent to my grandson . he was happy to have it so he didn't have to use his mom and sister's stuff .
nyx eye brow push-up bra , is very good . and the color is fantastic . loved it ! is my favorite . i recommend to everyone .
i love this big huge bottle of castor oil . i use it for all of my home beauty treatments . get yours .
reordering this product because it is one of the best cleansers that i have ever used . like the gel formation and the resultsof using it .
be warned , this sunblock is not water proof ! it says to use a different sunblock if you plan to go into the water .
some mornings it takes more product than others depending on the degree of dark circles but this is very effective !
the olay exfoliating cleanser is as good as , if not better , than the brands found at bloomingdale's , neiman marcus , etc . highly recommend .
this was the first item i ordered and i have received my other item i ordered after this one . i would like to know where my item is .
i like it but it broke after one use i glued it and kept anyway so no complaints . it works for me
i love dark red / burgundy vixen nail colors . this polish is a favorite because it's resistant to chipping .
this is a really nice color . great for winter . don't put it on heavy or it'll bleed . two light coats comes out perfect
curve is my favorite fragrance , so i have to keep a couple bottles around . i recommend it to anyone that wants a nice , refreshing smell .
i love sparkle nail polish . and this is perfect ! if you are using just this color it takes about 2 coats but is awesome looking !
i love this mascara . it holds the curl in your lashes all day and doesn't smear . i highly recommend this mascara .
i am new to the technique of dry brushing and this product came high recommended . i was not dissapointed . great quality and price .
it made the skin under my eyes less saggy and more firm but did not really lighten my dark circles
i've been using roc for several years and love it . i usually use the gold colored one , not the multi-correxion one but i like this too .
more of a mauve than an actual purple , but still pretty . i was hoping for a lavender color , which it is not ,
love using konad image plates .. they take some time getting use to . one you got the hang for it . you'll love it . practice makes perfect !
awesome product for exfoliating one's face . these are very much worth there value and would highly recommend to anyone that uses a clarisonic .
the stars are really hard to get out of the bottle and on your nail , but , i love the color and techture .
this is a nice thick looking nail polish.it doesn't separate it goes on smooth , without build up.your nails glow like a silver dollar
i have thick hair that is fairly coily . this helps detangle my hair . i use a detangler conditioner as well .
this did nothing for me . it feels good to put on like putting cool water on , but that's about all its good for .
just what i wanted and will order more . granddaughter loves it and wants to order for her girlfriends birthday parties
this is my favorite hair thickener because it doesn't feel still or gummy and i search for it online when i can't find it in stores .
has a bit of and oily feel however i think that is to be excepted when your using it for dry hands , it really does help with dry cracks
love it love it love it ! great price , came quickly ! put them on an empty scotch tape dispenser for easy use ! so much fun !
the bristles was kinda loose and not as firm as the ones i bought years before . but i would not return them .
this smell is so amazing on my husband , it is a bit strong so you don't have to use as much .
i have bought the little sizes of this oil at the various salons and it is very convenient to have a larger size .
i have the 1oz bottle and looks so tiny cute . perfect for my purse . the perfume last a lot and smell so femenine .
i love how soft the bristles are . they blend so well and it is my go to use when i need to blend out dark colors .
i gave this as a christmas gift to my co-worker last year and she loves it . will buy this again .
leaves your skin feeling clean and moisturized . better than using a harsh soap and a separate moisturizer . definitely will be ordering again .
it has a great scent and it cleans very well . i always receive compliments on how clean my kitchen smells .
i love the texture and it's great under my foundation . it's not white so it's also fine if i decide not to wear makeup .
amaziiiiiiiiiiing ! ! ! leave your skin very fresh and clean , it's just so good and that smell is so yummy lol .
the color is amazing .. i really loved it . i use it as a lipstick , it is matt and gives nice natural look .
works as designed and the bristles are very nice . invaluable when doing your nails . if you haven't gotten one before , get one .
this was the only clear mascara i found that doesn't irritate my eyes . l'oreal has a weird applicator , so i didn't try theirs though .
i love these the rolls are small but 30 rolls for 2 dollars and free shipping easy to order and great price ! ! ! very happy ! ! !
china glaze whirled away is a great nail polish . i don't use it alone but rather over another polish . looks great over a color and not black
great blending brush for the price ... def worth getting this rather than the mac one which is much more expensive
crap crap crap ! this mess doesn't work and i kept buying bottle after bottle trying for months . seen no progress what's so ever . what a waste
lightwieght , bulbs on top and sides . allows you to cure your gel / shellac polish without trying to turn your thumb upwards .
excellent product to gently exfoliate the skin every day . have used buf-puf for decades ; store brands just aren't the same .
i was sceptical about the quality because of the low price but i was pleasantly surprised when it came way prettier than pictured !
i just started to wear fake lashes everday i use to only use it for cosplaythis is really good if u just trimmed the side and it really full
i use this around my lips it really diminishes the look of lines . ive tried a lot of other products but this one works best
great coverage . wish there was a mix of cappuchino and caramel . u feel it slightly on the skin , but keeps the oilyness at bay .
this made my hair very soft , but left it without any body or curl . so it did not work for me .
beautiful nail polish ! ! if you are debating on this , stop now , and get it . i highly recommend it . stays on great too .
i occasionally try a different paste , thinking i can save a few bucks ... and always come back to aveda . this stuff is absolutely the best !
i ordered them a month a go and just got them . there a bit smaller then they look in the picture
this is just bad product i will not ecomend this at all i want my money back very cheap ! ! ! do not buy
it really helps hold in moisture and helps your moisturizer stay on better too . i will reorder this product . only takes a little product .
it essie nail polish , it's white , it's expensive but somehow better than the cheap guys . i like it just fine ...
this hand cream not only feels great on your hands - it smells heavenly ! just wish it were not so expensive .
it moisturizes hair and it smells ok . i didn't notice my hair change in any significant way , which , i suppose , is good .
these work great ! never knew what i was missing using plastic toothed combs . highly recommend . good for bottom lashes too .
hands down , this is the single best nail stamper out there . does require some prepping before use but other wise completely reliable and easy to use .
i use this with some castor oil in the morning for ocm and afterwards for a moisturizer . it doesnt smell of rose though . still a great moisturizer
very pretty headband but my ears get sore from wearing it after a few hours . nice and wide , so it is great for holding the hair back .
wonderful color . i have ivory skin and this goes perfect . never leave the house without it . favorite product right now
these are so cute . i love these . they look great as well . a must for anyone that loves to do there own nail art .
a first class product with a first class price because of its high quality for ease of use when utilizing powder foundation !
i bought this product for my mom . she usually use it . and she is very happy with this fancy full product
if you have dry cracked hands and all the lotions and hand creams you've tried don't help , try this . it is that good .
this thing only work on the firts day i use it after that it didn't work as it was so not recommend it .
this is so nice , it's made well and looks great in my hair . i do recommend this hairclip.sincerely , mrs . rick
amazing price for so many . i use them for facials and these are so much cheaper than buying seperately in the store .
perfectly covers blemishes , acne spots and leaves your skin soft to the touch ! excellent product ! the tone is perfect one for my mom
i sweat a lot during the summer . this works pretty well . its not perfect but better than the others out there ( non prescription )
leaves my face so so so smooth .. first time using elf products n i'm a happy girl .. got here on time worth the price
it is fragrance-free , but it has a weird smell ! doesn't smell " clean " and i would not purchase this body wash again .
there are many different items out there like this but i have found this item to be one of the best . you won't be disappointed .
i love this oil and use it for my hair and skin , but it is pricey . it soothes dry skin and scalp .
been use this product and love them . no need to go to nail salon . no more some one cut my nail.love to getting done my selfs
love the dark color and shine . east application and lasts a long time . be sure to follow instructions and use sparingly .
nyx cosmetics powder blush , silky rose is very good . and the color is fantastic . loved it ! is my favorite . i recommend to everyone .
the feeling of smoothness and cleanliness i feel after using this product is unrivaled . the fragrance is wonderful as well .
love it and feel wonderful ! i no longer look my age , i look considerably younger , thank you philosophy ! i am a consumer for life !
i loved samples , the mascara is good , the concealer works ! i haven't used the primer yet or the lip stuff .
perfect size and solidly built quality . much more than i expected . these jars do not feel or look cheap , i will definitely order again !
this is a standard that i will always have in my collection . it's trendy because it is darker but very professional in the office .
my husband and i both use this as toner after cleansing . it smells lovely and provides good nourishment for our skin care regiment .
ive gotten this wig in multiple colors , its comfy and so real looking i cant believe its so cheap . its my go to wig daily .
must buy smells great small but smells awesomebuy it i recommended but buy one thats bigger it doesnt last long but its a buy for me
i love this product , i have been using the coconut lime one and that smells awesome ... this one not so much . still works great tho .
this is all i need to cover my face no joke it works magic .. im so gonna order this again
it goes on smooth without clumping . easy to use . it is a good value for what i paid for it .
this mascara is good for use every day , it doesn't flake off and washes off with soap and water , and has a great application brush .
love it ! goes on nice and it's bright ! perfect summer color ! i'm almost out because everyone asks for it when i give mani's and pedi's !
this is a fabulous moisturizer and smells like fresh baked lemon cake . i love to use this hand cream . i have also used the lotion .
ordered these and am so thankful they don't scratch my skin like previous ones . one for travel and one for home !
great formula with great coverage . this color is opaque in two thin coats and has great durability . it is a pale dusty rose color .
these are very good facial wipes . i use every am to clean face before moisturizing . cooling and refreshing . help with puffiness .
not only does my polish only last 2 days before it chips , it takes forever for it to dry . waste of money .
i drooled over this for ages , ended up getting 3 of them total , probably way more than i need but i just love it
my hair is definitely thicker and it helps smooth it down too . the grape smell is alright too but my hairspray usually masks it anyway
i really like this lotion . i don't have eczema but it works great on my extremely dry skin . it's not greasy at all .
very nice realistic look , great price , did i say great price ? what more could you ask for ? ! a very good deal .
great prescription strength peel . use carefully , follow instructions because can cause skin to burn if used improperly.reduces sundamage , finelines and darkspots
i use this as a spot treatment and add it to my castor oil i use for the oil cleansing method . love it !
i have sensitive skin and it hasn't given breakouts or irritate my skin , which is really good . anyways 5/5 stars !
i have used this product regularly and i don't really notice any difference in the strength or growth.not what i expected from an essie product
great perfume even greater price this is a 10 in my book smells wonderful company shipped fast whats to say except i'll buy it again
this is perfect if you have allergies to fragrance as i do . i use this but also love the neutrogena rainbath .
do not buy . waste of money ... not what i expected ... did not see even the slightest bit of results . too bad .. i was hoping
excellent product - it had made a noticeable difference in my skin--it comes with very helpful information from oz naturals , and good follow-up from that company .
i love this product , it is an excellent product for dry and roughened skin . the price is a great bargain too .
thbis is a good product , the price is right and easy to use . it looks very nice on the face .
seemed too dry . i quess it was old . will not rebuy . i was really hopeful but i will try another brand .
nice and bright color , makes my nails look hot , love love love this color . a must have color for summer . got my five stars .
blendable , but you have to play with it a bit to get it to work just right . still worth the money to buy ! !
suave naturals shampoo , tropical coconut - 22.5 oz . .. i have used this many times before and i have always loved the fragrant scent
works great when paired with the cream . i brought the duo with me when i went on a cruise and it got the job done
gorgeous colors ! i think this offers some great multipurpose shades , i wouldnt mind a little less glitter though . i wish it lasted longer ..
i use the sulfur in my hair mixture to grow back my edges . it works with consistency and patience . i will continue to reorder !
great skin care kit . i like the accessories included for the face and body . cool . i would definitely purchase this again and recommend it highly .
i have very sensitive skin , but i can use this product on my face without a problem . it is soothing and cleansing .
these hair combs are much better quality than the ones available in cvs . i highly recommend them . they're made of nice sturdy plastic .
honestly i dont think this product works . i followed instructions carefully and it did not work . my manicure was not fully dry at all .
liked it somewhat at first but it didn't last long at all . it dried out really quick and the too got bent . won't buy it again
nice product , good ingredients , i like the 350 mg formula . thank you !
i like the four different sizes on one piece - very convenient . also good size - fits my hand well .
this is good for soft curls with no definition , i like it for days i just want soft natural curls .
smooth and silky ! i was skeptical about buying a paul mitchell product on amazon , but i love it and i don't regret my decision .
i love ths product , i have tried many and this one makes my face feel great ! major fan of this product .
i really only use one of these colors . works better when you use your finger to apply , the brush applies too much .
i love this little exfoliator and was happy to find the replacement heads at a more affordable price than my local store .
i love wearing headbands and find it a challenge to find quality ones that hold their elasticity and wash well . these has done both .
it's okay nothing spectacular . i probably would not purchase again . it actually makes my hair oily just a litle bit .
not amazing , not wonderful . not even great--just an ok product . i am still searching the market for a better tool after purchasing this .
that this is better than any expensive brand out there . do not tell as i want to keep buying for less than $ 5
i use these for my eyelash growth serum . perfect application and disposable so there is no risk of eye infection .
i love this product . i've used it for years and will as long as i can get it . received it intact and on time ! ! !
i have been using this product for years and continue to use it when my hair needs it . i also rub it on my dog's coat !
i didnt get it yet so i dont know how it looks like . seems like it is taking forever to arrive .
great , versatile pencil . works wonders on your waterline , inner corner , to conceal a zit , reverse line your lips and more .
very soothing , i love this product for healing of my dry skin . i use it in the morning and at night .
i've become addicted to this shampoo . since using , i can't seem to use any other . makes my hair feel fuller with less static in winter months
this item was perfect for my makeup > i went onto youtube to make sure i was using it correctly and it was great for evenly distributing my makeup
i used to use cetaphil , but my dermatologist recommended this as i have oily skin . it has made a tremendous difference and actually removes makeup too .
it cleans well and is gentle ! my husband just hates it because it looks like cum ... he doesn't use it .
i used in the beach and had a warm feeling on my body . i haven't tried this in colder weather .
the wig is nice but its definitely not blonde . i had to dye it blonde myself . it was mostly white when i received it .
i used these on my nails for the first time recently & am quite pleased with the quality . i recommend these for cute geometric nail design .
skin feels soft after use . but after 2 months of usage didn't notice any improvement on pigmentation from my skin .
i will never let myself run out of roc eye cream ! i love it ! really lightens up and reduces wrinkles and circles !
this is a great wash for oily / acne prone skin , leaves my sensitive skin clean and tight feeling without irritating .
i love my new dotting tools ! i just would like a set of sable acrylic application brushes to match and they would be perfect .
i can keep all my stamp plates in here and not get scratched . need to make one for the rectangle plates .
it has almost everything youneed as a base for beggining your home gel nails . its missing the forms for building the gel nail .
it makes my complexion look so smooth & lasts for hours . i'm so sad it was discontinued . it's my favorite .
this is a very good curling wand it heats up fast and gives big bouncy curls love it ! !
my mom asked for this for her birthday ; and she absolutely loves the scent . subtle , and just a gorgeous scent .
this is by far the best powder i have ever used , it blends really well you don't even know you have it on .
love it such a great deal to buy in bulk and just refile your smaller bottles . mmmmm smells so great !
i love the way this feels going on and how it makes my foundation last thru the day . worth the cost .
i like this lotion a lot . it's not greasy , but my husband complains that the smell is a little overwhelming for his taste .
this was super dry out and the color was off . i had it replaced , as it was clearly expired . not recommended !
this smells strong , even for musky loving me . i have yet to try it because i wonder how long the scent will linger .
i use this conditioner solely for co washing purposes and it works fabulously on my hair ! ! and the smell is wonderful ! ! !
this is my first time to buy a murad cleanser and i love it ! it feels very good and even leaves a little bit of a minty sent .
this is a great product.it is expensive but worth it.my hair is fine and frizzy and this really works.working with amazon was a terrific experience .
this worked great . my legs felt wonderful after using them . i have been using it for about a month and it is still working great .
i've been using this product for 2 years now , and i love the smell and the foamy feeling on my face , it cleans my face very well too
my hair is blond , dry and over processed . this makes my hair look like a million dollars with lots of shine . love love
provides moderate coverage without looking cakey . goes on smoothly . good product for a reasonable price . difficult to select the best color online but i am satisfied .
love love love this product nice very sexy for the eye and for the price not bad nyx , i'm very happy !
i don't need all the brushes . i guess if you're one of those people that uses a particular brush for different things it's the perfect pack of brushes .
this stuff totally made me break out in a major way like i haven't in years . price was right but not worth it .
perfect color and it last ! i still have mines and i love how it is smooth and feels like you have nothing on
the bleach wasold , didnt work at all . the blue is hidius . had to get another product to cover the bad color .
have used this product for several years in several colors & love them all . it's a great cover in-between hair appointments .
i love them a lot only use 2 one the hairs did come out but im still loving them and will buy them again thanks
didn't care for this product at all . after using this , my hair was dry and looked horrible , i will never buy this again .
great varity there are small brushes and diffrent uses for all . daughter likes them she can use them for all her nail art
you can't go any better then chocolate and strawberries face mask ... it's awesome just like the rest of them . my face .. approved ! ! !
this hair spray has everything i want - unscented andextra hold . my husband has sneaked across the bath-room and borrowed it .
lasts a half hour before you are picking it out of the whites of your eyes and reapplying some eyeliner to your lids . it's a fail .
i love this stuff . just 1 pump for hair 2 " below shoulders , that's all it takes . conditions hair , make it soft and shinny .
this product is definetely cheap . but wasn't surprised because of the cost it was a gamble anyways . wouldn't order this again .
the bar is so big i cut in to 2 pieces . my skin feels like silk and smells wonderful . love love this product .
nice feel . absorbs quickly . i've noticed a difference in a short time . just love the burt's bees line of products .
the double sided stamper is great and the one thouch remover is a plus , it holds about an entire bottle of nail polish remover .
i'd buy konad if i were you . these have cute designs but the etching isn't deep enough so the print doesn't show up well on nails .
i enjoy the scented over the non scented and this is great to soak body and / or feet for spa experience at home .
if you use this every night , you will have much much much clearer skin ! it's amazing . i wish they made giant pumps of it !
it was not at all what i expected . it was a very dull cover and i like brillant shine and sparkle .
i don't like it but i don't hate it . it's a little cakey for my taste but to each his own .
this will boost your hair like no other , it wil lhave it looking good right after you flat iron it
i like my new blushes color , specially for me that i'm going to travel , love the colors and for my skin color they are perfect
i love the variety of colors .. you get so much to play with . i would recommend all to add to collection ..
i love this product ! ! it really does help my manicure to last longer . i would highly recommend this product to anyone ! ! :)
great size and great for different looks . will definitely be trying different ideas and or techniques with these little guys .
have been using viviscal for about a year . my hair is healthier , longer and happier than it's been in many years . i highly recommend this product .
i love this brush . it replaces an old cheapo nylon brush . boar hair is much gentler than nylon and i noticed less hair loss .
i really like this hair brush . it goes through thick hair easily . i would recommend this brush for all ages .
... mac nw45 and i love this color . it really complements my skin tone ! there's nothing much to it , simply love it !
these came just as decribed and pictured . it took a few weeks to arrive from overseas , but well worth the wait .
reminds me of india , smells like incense . best for weekends as it is very strong - be sure to apply just a drop or two .
i am impressed with the price and fantastic results this lamp has to offer . i use it with my shellac products and it works perfectly .
works awesome . dont forget your developer though ! i feel like it works as well as color ion lightner from sallys .
have tried several and this is absolutely my favorite . i get many compliments on the aroma my hair has after using this .
i love this product . i do my own nails as a personal hobby and i use this product as a finishing touch on all my nail designs .
the color is too orange for my skin tone . and ut seems to wash offwith in a tew hrs . it blends nicely and is not too thick .
cut clean and easy and well lots of options . i just wish they had kiwi .
when you are getting these you are getting exactly what you paid for . they are fun and very inexpensive . great for designs !
i got this way before it said it would come i can do designs on my nails a lot easier now i definately recommend buying this
wonderful product . paired with a little exfoliation my hands look soft and pretty . my knuckles were my problem area and it looks 100 % better .
this brush is so soft and great for blending in the crease . it is my go to everyday make up brush .
the colors are great and go on nicely . the necklace looks like it's made of nickle so that may be an allergy issue but it's still so cute .
beautiful color - it is a very nice color of purple - the quality is fantastic . no chipping at all for more than a week .
i tried using this thing but it just didn't work right . a pair of tweezers worked better . not worth the money .
i love this butter . it works wonders on cracked heals and dry skin anywhere . mix it with some cocoa butter and it smells great.packaged ok
i would recommend this musk oil because it is not loud and can be worn throughout the day and night . the purchase was well worth the price .
haven't used all but what i did use worked great . i used different types of nail polish and it still work great .
this color is impossibly gorgeous . it's a deep berry pink with subtle shimmery glitter . love it ! and since it's opi , it's a superior product .
my wife's bleached hair turns a brassy red and this conditioner cut down on the brass . looks good and very soft . she is happy with this product .
i was so excited when these finally arrived . all in tacked nothing loose . can't wait to start using them ! so excited ! thanks !
i love love love love love this eye shadow ! the first time i wore it i received many compliments ! i would buy it again and recommend it !
great to use when straightening hair . keeps the straightened hair out of the way of the untouched hair . better to use these clips instead of bands .
i've been using this lamp / dryer for about 4 months now and absolutely love it . it works beautifully for gel nails .
my mother loved this fragrance . i purchased this for her birthday . i would recommend this perfume to anyone ! she loves it !
this is a good go-to product . i've used it for sometime now when i feel my skin needs a pick-me-up . love the smell .
use this as a pre-poo as well as a co-wash and it has great slip and makes my hair feel so soft .
this is one of the best smelling cologne's my husband has every worn ! love it ! ! ! it's a very original scent !
this is my second time purchasing this and i am loving it . it provides the right amount of bronze and highlight with such a little effort
this shampoo smells fantastic and lathers really well . the pump is so handy in the shower . i like the shampoo because it doesn't contain sulfates or parabens .
fast delivery very cute but note they are very small very good for crafts , good colors and good little case . i recommend
i have been using this oil scent for years.cute new bottle , but i had to remove the roller b / c it wouldn't go on .
this product works well . it smells great too ! very good product if you're like me who loved to flat iron your hair.must get it .
i have very course , long hair and this works great . its smoothing and i love the fact that its sulfate free .
they work very well but they're the color white , not beige . these fake nails are great , and i recommend buying them .
absolutely love these . :-) it makes my job easier . in my salon we use these to remove acrylic and deep manicure . acetone will not damage these .
i was so excoted to find a plae pink but , this applies liek wet chalk . it is just awful ! ! ! !
can't wait to use they came quickly and are very nice . it will be nice to have a greatlooking bun like everyone else .
i'm not sure if it's just me , but it gets flaky and leaves parts of my face dry.but i like how it's not heavy .
these are so hard you can't get them to fit . it's a waste of money . threw them in trash . terrible .
i love this like i love all limecrimemakeup products but i already have this color from kat von d and that's also long lasting
i like this pink . all gelish polish is good quality . they last a long time and are also easy to come off .
this paraffin wax was a great quality and smelled heavenly . clients loved it and i loved it as well . :)
good for one day only.and opi test this product on animals . not good at all . poor animals ... so never again .
this product is amazing . it gives my fine , wavy hair a frizz-free straight style that lasts through a convertible ride .
this highlighter is great for darker skin tones since it has a gold sheen / undertone . also perfect when used with browns or neutral shades of eye shadow .
this works but was not what i was erecting . i had higher expectations for this product and i don't feel is worth the money .
the lipstick is pleasant to wear and seems to be moisturizing but i'm not real pleased that the color does not last very long
i tried once . is works very well , can remove all of water profe eye make up . i'm gald i had this one
very good brushes if you want to apply a very thin layer of a product . it is the go to brush for acid applications .
gorgeous amber , with smoke-by-the-bonfire . it's not only a man-magnet , its ' a great comfort scent ! best for night , cool weather , and rainy days .
i will never be without this product , helps to nourish the skin and smells like a rose . 5 stars all the way !
i am totally happy with my mirror , great for plucking eyebrows--exactly what i wanted . best thing i have bought for myself .
these are ok , i was hoping for a better tool to clean up the edges of my nails but but this isn't a perfect solution .
i love how easily my foundation gets on with this . however , the bristles feel extremely rough on my face . feels awful actually
i ordered this because i like to work on my nails and i would recommend this product if you do as well .
love this . my nails were dry super fast . don't even think my nails lost their shiny-ness ! definitely recommend this product .
caused break-outs after first use . applies very thick and sticky . will not be purchasing again . makes a good body moisturizer though .
have yet to try it , but looks pretty easy . looking forward to trying it out . hope i get the hang of it .
this disposable razor does exactly what it promises : delivers a close shave with a smooth finish and no irritation . no complaints here .
this is an item i really liked . it was exactly how i thought it would be and ill make a nice gift for my niece
i was very pleased with them and the cloths felt so refreshing and my face felt so clean . i will buy them again as wel as recommend them .
i'm truly disappointed in this product . the only thing it did for me was to make my skin feel dry . i wouldn't recommend .
palette is just great all around , pigmented and goes really nice together for the lid crease & brow bone not to over the top . it's just right !
great color assortment.nice gift.this will work out fine for the gift basket of nail items we are making for our aspiring nail tech !
so i used it for a few weeks , but began to break out terrible all over my face.so i stop using it .
i hate spending what this product costs , but have to agree that it really does work , so i will order more soon .
over priced for the results . slightly better results than other l'oreal skin products such as revitalift . leaves skin very soft .
i like the larger size due to having long hair . the towel does a great job of absorbing the excess water .
this eyeshadow can stand up against high end department store brands . it goes on smooth and lasts all day ! can't beat the price !
great polish for using alone or over another polish to give some glitz . i would recommend this to anyone who loves browns .
cute . not all perls the same size . as pictured and they sit on my nails well so they do their job .
these art brushes are easy to use especially because i am a beginner and am excited to keep on tryng . thank you !
i like the designs , but i wasn't able to get the desired look . try it , maybe you'll have better luck !
these is my first review on amazon .. i advise every women to buy this product .. it make your look natural and amaizing
the bottle was smaller then i thought but this is a good buy . i really like it and use on skin and hair . would recommend to others .
i don't what to say . tried one and get rid of the rest of them . totally wasting money .. so disappoint ! don't buy
perfect caps for what i wanted to use them for , i use them for deep hair conditioning and treatments . no problems with them .
recommend it . its great if your loosing hair.you ' ll see the difference right a way
i want a set for every girl my daughter buys a present for during the school year . this set is a beauty !
great shine and manicure seems to last longer . make sure you apply it evenly or else it will show . fast drying as well . did not disappoint .
sorry , no review possible on this item.original review was refused and i do not do copies.item used and thought on this no longer valid .
a true cobalt blue with great metallic tones that don't ' matte ' when dry . all polish chips eventually but this holds up as well as any .
i ordered this bottle to replace a bottle i had purchased back in 2011 . love this color ! one of my summer staples !
great product for a very reasonable price . superb shine and long lasting . as always paul mitchell products are the best !
flawless primer ! does exactly what it's supposed to , and i love the price . i will most definitely use again . :)
the best there is in a top coat . hands down the best . dont waste your money on the super pricey ones when this is so great
i love the smell of basil scent soap . cleans very good hands and leaves the hint of the scent on hands after washing .
this clipper gives a nice , gentle , quiet and smooth cut . i like this clipper . i have no problems with it .
i like the no shine finish , the problem is that make my lips a bit dry and i live in the caribbean so re-apply sometimes is an issue .
the spray comes out very harshly even at a distance and i don't feel it really did it's job . i will not be repurchasing this product again .
i love this color . essie is always a hit or miss for me . this is definitely a hit ! plus i love the name !
i have fine hair , just did not work as well on my hair , liked the colors , and was well made
great product , great size , i recommend it , it smoothes your hair like no other does . you should really try this product .
emu oil is great product for dry hair and skin . its odorless and very effective . its a staple at my house .
this is much quicker and cheaper than getting a pink and white mani at a salon . easy to use . they give you plenty of glue .
i haven't noticed any real change in the skin under my eyes but the skin soft less dry than without using this product .
if you want a light colored pencil it works great . i preferred the silver on for the insides of my eyes .
the packaging was ok .. didnt have the protective film the comes whit all the others perfumes . smell nice , perfect
i did not like this at all . it was really heavy on my hair . it was kind of gross !
used for a month along with murad's body wash , so no change or improvement in my problem areas :( kinda sad .
love these cloths.they don't dry your skin.they smell great.they don't cause irritation.suds up nice.removes makeup without stinging eyes.when traveling i use them to freshen up and it feels great .
i like the smell , and it keeps my skin soft and smooth . i almost used it every week . i will buy it again next time .
sightly chunky pieces of glitter must be carefully placed , otherwise it won't be smooth . otherwise a great polish that looks great on .
this color is super hot n sexy , if you are looking for a night out lipstick this is the one , is a must have .
the scent of this shampoo makes your hair smell so good.gives same great results you expect from h and of courseis a 2 - in1 product .
very good at bringing out your skins color and giving you a healthy glow . i would recommend this to anyone
nice kit , however the motored burned out after using it for less than 8 months . only used it once every 2 weeks .
love how it makes my hair feel soft and look shiny . also notice how is seals the cuticles to prevent split ends .
product goes on smooth with a hint of color . on the neutral side with a slight shimmer . not sticky and does not taste funny .
does what it says it will do . i love this product ! shrinks my pores as well . overall this is greatness in an 8 ounce bottle . :)
this was perfect with my halloween outfit and i couldn't believe the quality for what i paid ! it was fabulous !
that's it , don't have much to say , just comfortable , stylish like photo , does what it's supposed to do . buy one .
very good product , great pigmentation , quality , i really like the result to apply not that great , i would buy again , responsible vendor .
heats up so quickly , and really smoothes out my hair . perfect size & price . great quality - i highly recommend this
this cream .. actually more like a gel contains lots of good ingredients for the skin . i find it soothing and gentle .
this color is awesome . i love it & use it often . would definitely recommend this color to anyone that loves glitter polish .
leaves my hair feeling coarse and nasty ! total waste of money ! i'd previously purchased when it was in the pink can and i loved it !
this has a strong hold , gives ridiculous spikes if you want them , and has a pretty reasonable fragrance . this is a good product for short hair .
east to use , no unpleasant smell . i can't say it made a world of difference , but maybe a subtle one .
for the price , you can't beat it . the fragrance lasts all day and is really lovely . definitely one of my favorite perfumes now .
i dont use it very often . it looks very pretty but sometimes it clings to you hair and pulls it
it is the most efficient tool i have ever used to clean under my nails and to push push and care for my cuticles .
this comes in a good sized jar . it works as well as the more expensive body scrubs , at a much better price .
nice product for evening seems to work well and not have a chemical smell . i use a serum underneath it but probably don't need to
the smell is not great but it has a soft texture . not as organic as some i have used but great for the price and size .
one month in , i've already lost a bristle . otherwise , it's fine .. i prefer it to other plastic brushes i've used , for sure .
there are an unlimited number of options to what color combo's , mixes and matches you could do with this makeup set and the price is great !
this is the best moisturizer for sensitive skin . i find that this product takes care of some of my skin ailments and produces a better complexion .
i love sigma brushes . worth the price ! i use all these every single morning and have never been disappointed ! spend the money , its worth it .
great for light detangling , however left a film in my hair and did nothing for my curly hair - would not repurchase .
works lovely no complaints thanks thats great buisness . very pleased with promt ness and was a discribbed very good . thumbs
can't beat the price . pair this highlighting concealer with a primer and it looks flawless ! really brightens up your eyes .
it is easy to use.but you need to wait awhile before you put a top coat on or it will smear . the colors are great .
fantastic set of colors ! i love doing my nails and this set is really really great for detailed nail art !
i love this scent . it is pretty strong and a little bit goes a long way . it's a nice clean scent that every woman would love !
i am in love with my stamper :) this is very easy to use and the price is amazing ! highly recommend .
perfect addition to my spring collection . gret formula , only took two coats to fully cover without streaks . i still used a top coat .
the lid doesn't screw on well . it is very little product , i think you get the same results using the elf face primer .
to grease didnt care for this and after being at work for 30 min . it ws flaking on my face may hv worked for some just not for me
i aways look like i just got up well after the first time i started using this creme i could tell a different . the dark circles started disappearing
i bought 2 lip color i like brown it stays on it look rich on lips buy it i will buy more
these are way better then the salon feathers , and they last longer and are 10xs cheaper . they are extreamly easy to apply and remove
i use this brush more for the eyelid area . works well , doesn't keep too much product on the brush and applies well .
i have been using mabelline mascara for many years ! i have tried many other mascaras , but always come back to mabelline !
i really like this polish . opi s always good quality and this on is no exception . it goes on nicely and it is such a pretty color .
not dense at all flimsy and not worth the money . passssssss thank you very much . save your dollars up and buy something worth it .
these came earlier than estimated delivery date . these a really nice brushes . been using them and they work well with all my nail art designs .
wore it yesterday for the first time and gotten many compliments and i cant wait to wear it again ! will order again
this is a really great lipstick . it has great pigments and pretty color . i love the wet n wild lipsticks .
variation of dot sizes . great buy especially for the price . i really recommend anyone who is looking to change up their nails a bit to buy this .
these are okay for price - and practicing your nail designs they send you a lot of them to use
pretty happy with these , no complaints , tons of great imagines , an excellant value for the money , something for everyone , you can't go wrong
best dry shampoo i have ever used . i wish it was cheaper so i could buy it more often . love it .
the perfume itself is great but the box came all beaten up ! i was afraid that the bottle would be broken !
really love this product . it works wonders for damaged hair and finally brought my hair back to life . bravo ! ! ! love it ! !
vibrates to hard ... not sure it does anything tried it for a couple weeks and didnt see any difference .
don't buy these . there is no product . unless none they plan to send out . save your time and energy and don't buy from here .
love this color and it is good to mix this color with negligee great combination love love love it ! ! ! try it
hated all the lashes except the natural pair . will not buy this triple lash duo ever again ! but i will buy the natural one's by it self
i thought it was a grayish color , but this lipstick has a hint of purple . it doesn't look to outrageous on the lips .
like them to make hair styling cause they hold very good for their size and stay on it's place all over the day and night , if needed ;)
i gave this a fair three month shot , and it was a no go for me . nada , waste of money .
perfect to keep track of all my color polishes so i don't wind up buying duplicates which i have in the past .
i love this wheel of fun . pretty pearls with the flat back for nail art . there are countless designs to be made with this .
these are scroll design bows a little big for my nails looks better on my thumbs very pretty will try to find other uses for these bows .
it's my favorite now - hair and scalp feels clean , softly conditioned and hair is not weighed down - easy to manage ..
works great keeps color on your eye lid and doesn't crease your make up last would definitely recommend and got here on time
this is a great lotion , really doesn't have much of a fragrance and doesn't leave a greasy feeling .
i am so happy with this curling brush .. keeps my hair frizz free , even on dry hair .. the perfect curling brush ... thank you ..
i love this nicci marie product . i makes my skin feel and look so much better and vibrant ! highly recommended !
this is another great item from real technique . i love their brushes & have gotten my kids addicted to them as well .
this is so pretty and just the right size for a childs head or an adults head ... it is sparkly and i love the color
these are really fun . the package is well thought out and organized and the gem glitters are exactly as described . they go on and stay on .
this salve is very nice . it smells good and does a good job for both hands and feet . i will definitely buy again .
great for gray hair . super shiny , healthy , manageable . doesn't get much better than this ! such a great find and such a great price !
these are super ! ! ! order a few setssome for my nail tech daughter and some for me.as i like to paint .
my niece like the texture and color but not the volume . it is so thin that you can actually see the real hair underneath .
the texture is very nice and it did not irritates my skin like the bodyshop ones do . i use it everyday and it is pretty good .
dont waste your money . got this and the used this regularly with the dr product . saw no results . stick with rogaine .
i don't use it very often . it works well so far . it's worth it , i mean , it's only 2 dollars !
works great . i love having it . anytime i need a little touch up . i just plug it up and go
i got rich coral because it looks like a hot pink . very youthful . the color i got was a pale old lady pink
i love sigma brushes ! so high end but for a considerably low price ! must have ! great contour brush for your every day kit !
nice but when i received one of the color was broken m but the other is nice shade and i will order it again
this is a must for stamping in white , i've tried all the recommended whites , but this one is by far superior . i'll be buying this again .
use this product to help me exercise and sweat it does ! ! this help me with my stomach issues love it
i enjoy using this product under my eyes at night before bed definitely gives a smoother feeling and moisturized feeling without being greasy . i'm on my second order .
i love how light and fresh this face wash is ! after using it , my face feels so clean and smooth ! !
i have friends who ride streetbikes . these are great to design on black polish . they tend to stick to each other unpackaging from little bags .
this cosmetics female styro foam head is great for short to medium length hair wigs ! and this is a really great price for one !
got this brush to apply blush and so glad i did . high quality and washes really well . no shedding . really fast delivery
i use it for all nails ! i love it . it makes perfect square nails its not cheap . its very sturdy
this product is comparable to most other brands of peroleum jelly , primary fifference is the delicate perfume fragrance ; somewhat expensive .
bought these for my daughter but i liked how they work so i use them also , fast shipping too ! will continue to use while they last
it is one of my favorite products olay makes i would recommend it to any one that wants their eyes to look younger
a must for long hair ! ! ! very well made and sturdy . easily gets out any tangles with very little pull on hair . highly recommend .
good quality and great price . gives you plenty of different styles to create many different looks on your nails . recommend .
went on great hopefully will stay on great too had no problems at all love my opi product keep up the great work ...
i would order any now oils . i use them to refill my fragence bulbs that i bought at the store .
i didn't really notice any toning or firming . and it is not moisturizing either so i found this product to be useless :/
this is a great deep conditioner , it makes my hair so soft . i do not use it all the time only when i take a longer shower .
my hair felt like silk the moment i applied it ! i will definitely by from giovanni again.thank you so much !
love it perfect for massaging men because there is no smell to it ! my cat loves it , i love it
a must have when doing gel manicures . keep the cuticles nice and moist and i try to use it everyday .
the product is leaking and it's only little liquidquantity , i haven't try it yet . so i can't say about the effect .
i received this product in exchange for an honest review . this serum smells great and works great as a moisturizer .
it is too cheap and trully moisturize your skin . if you suffer from dry skin this is your product . it is a light cream .
this cream cleanser is a nice face wash . i leave it on for a couple of minutes and it really freshens your face as well as cleans it
bad brushes , no blending brushes . only any good to lay down colour and apply concealer . brushes shed excessively very disappointed
this bath soak really does help with stress and tension and it a really wonderful product . i also love the smell of lavender that this product contains .
this scrub leaves your skin feeling refreshed an moisturized . it smells delicious and you really don't even need lotion after using it !
i just bought the pink one and i love it so much ! ! best thing ever ! !
my expectations are either to high or maybe i haven't used this product long enough ? , i'm currently still trying it .
this peacock hair clip is absolutely beautiful . the photo definitely doesn't give it justice . i'm a picky shopper and i recommend this product for everyone .
please do not buy them . they do look like a beauty blender but do not do the job at all .
i make my own hair care products . i add this to enhance my shampoo and moisturizers . great size and will continue to buy .
irish spring gear smells great , lathers up nicely , and contains tiny nodules to help exfoliate your skin . overall a good product and a good value .
i use this body oil in the winter when my skin is more dry . i like the smell and feel of it .
its a great product , its make my nail really matte . i , d like to say it is really great , and i like it very much .
i have used the product a couple times . i like the variety of colors and price was great . i would buy maybe just one color next time .
very good coverage and am very happy about this purchase . will definitely come back and get more when this runs out .
brush like matoukat very excellent quality originals and strongly advise them and buys from you again for you excellent seller and very comfortable dealing with you
used this product to dye my hair from a dark brown to a red . seems to work well and i have left over as well .
these false nail tip clippers are light weight but very durable . they get the job done and are perfect for the use !
tames the hair and makes hair look smooth and clean . nice smell too , use generous amounts and makes a difference .
this is a great deal . theses items are essential for my nail art collection . nice quality in the dotting tools .
this is great it does not clump or flake and it looks great as well . my teenage girls and i love this !
i like that the point is sharp and it does what its job .. what more can i say abt it lol
my husband told me he got a close shave with this razor . it looks great and well package . would recommend
this professional blow dryer really gets the job done . if your not good at blow drying hair then you should go with another option .
i like this lotion and it smells very good . it is very smooth and absorbs very quickly so it doesnt leave a greasy residue .
this is a good brush holder for all your small brushes it's not a goodfit for my larger brushes .
i didn't think these would be worth it , but some nights it's just the thing for a quick cleaning and moisturizing
i give this an okay because i just got it and i haven't had a chance to try it yet
the product arrived quickly . it's too soon to know if it is helping the growth of my lashes .
really nice color and i have yet to be disappointed by any of the china glaze polishes that i have bought .
it gives a smooth skin feel when used as a body scrub but the lavender smell is a bit overpowering .
i think this product actually works , however i'm sure you could get it at a much cheaper price , this is definitely not worth $ 50 .
i'm sure it's great for some people , but i dont care for it much . i dont detect any " woody oriental " , just sweet ... sugary .
its good for damage hair , you can sit for 30mins under your dryer and get a good deep treatment . gonna get more
love my bent eyeliner helps my liner go on smooth and ease i can even draw a straight line on the top useing the gel eyeliner " great "
great idea to bend it for better back scratching with bristles that don't stab you but bend and scrub as hoped for .
these brushes are amazingly soft and pretty i havent used them yet because im waiting on my new coastal scents palettes but so far so good :)
this is my first red lipstick . i do like the color , but after several hours , it became so dry on my lips ! ! !
not as heavily pigmented as other nyx shadows . it's very sheer , it is just ok . i probably would not buy this again .
the picture shows one brand , and the actual product is different . looks like an immitation . not happy.only numbers on the bruhes , no other writing .
a great deal of different shapes . great to use to make your own nail art work . love the different ways they can be used for nails ,
super skinny for that perfect thin lining of d upper lid . glides on super smoothly . thumbs up nyx . will definitely repurchase
it's very dark and i went swimming with it on and there was very little smudging but it does tend to clump on your lashes .
i have looked at these things for a long time . now that i have one i wonder why i didn't get it before .
i use them to apply the lashes i bought . easy to handle and keeps the glue off of my fingers .
i only wish i could afford to use it all over my body , it's that good ! thanks , image - you've got a customer for life .
i revived on time . well packaged . i don't know about my hair growth duo to just started to drink this . it taste pretty good . :) .
just what i ordered , quick delivery.must have for the shellac to last the two weeks . no bad smell , easy to use .
this is sweet like candy and highly mousterizing but absorbs quickly . i love the smell it is very girly and sweet .
this was too slick or oily for my hair . i gave it to a friend who has dry hair , she seems to like it .
this goes on really nicely and covers well . its too powdery to wear under-eye , but it is easy and nice on skin .
this is large size of what comes in the one i got when i first got gel nail polish . good product
the color is great and it last , but it cakes on my eyes . it creases on my lines , looks horrible !
this shampoo is fabulous ! my hair feels clean but not stripped . it leaves my hair smooth , very shiney , frizz and static free .
i love the olay fresh effects bb cream tinted moisturizer . it fits well with my skin tone and i love that it has spf .
good product to be used with murad acne gel it is pretty good if you need that firming on the skin
took a chance on this based on the reviews . this product dried out my hair , leaving it heavy and a bit sticky .
i wasn't aware they even made a wax brow shaper ! now , i wouldn't be without it . keeps brows in place without being heavy .
they were super cutei wore it with thick makeup so they weren't too bigthey lasted welllove them
slightly sweet and very crisp . great as a stand alone or mixed with spicy and earthy fragrances to create fresh lively scents for summer .
great base for makeup , fragrance-free and silky on the face . why pay hundreds of $ $ $ when nothing can erase wrinkles ? i'm hooked .
i used these babies alllllllll theeee time ! ! ! you can easily make a bagillion designs with these because their dot things come in different sizes
i have been looking for a good hair conditioner and i believe i have found it . i would recommend this product to anyone who has issues with split ends
sexy sexy color for any skin tone and its very cheaper than the mac lipstick i wear , nyx did their thang with this one
my daughter is wearing make-up for the first time and this has been great for her . i would recommend this product .
i order this beauty blendor and it was the most usefull product for applying foundation and concealor and it is easy to clean
i like this fun color and it really is that cute turqoise . great price too for essie . fun for summer color .
i loved this gel because it held firm but it didn't make my hair feel hard . it washes out very easy .
so oily and does not go away when i rinse it.do not like it.sd s s sfa e efa
leaves hair soft and maageable . i love this product line i think it is the best , and i am a licensed cosmetoligist
smells like chocolate doughnuts and its thick and creamy so far so good hasn't made my stretch marks go away yet but they are lighter .
it does work on my skin ! skin is soft , looks a little bit younger too :)
love this color ! ! lots of glitter , very bright and just what i expected from china glaze def order more in the future !
this headband is great for those days when you just don't want to " do " your hair . love the color combo
they do what they should , though if you try to stick too much hair in one it won't hold very well .
this item does what it says it will ; which is to brighten skin . i am going to purchase more since it worked so well on me .
this is one of my fav colors . this came exactly as described and pictured . i am very pleased with the polish .
the lime crime is so not for me . this is for 12-15 years old girls i swear . worst line of products that i have ever buyed ...
this is my favorite base coat filler now . it works the best out of any of the ridge fillers i've tried before , including opi .
this thickening mist seems to work quite well . i have tried a few others over the years and this is my favorite - at least so far .
i like the color variety . so many colors to choose from . my clients love that i have a huge variety for them to look and choose from .
excellent product , has affordable , good presentation , i would not hesitate to recommend the purchase of this product to anyone who likes good fragrances .
great product overall i think cnd is the best shellac around . i have several colors now i will purchase even more .
really runny by the time you make it look like the nail in the photo its so thick it wont dry so you wasted your time an money .
i've used this product off and on since my teenage years . i like to wash my face noxema . it doesn't dry my skin .
i absolutely adore this product ! i was amazed by everything you get for the price . it's a great deal ! great for gift giving .
it's very moisturizing but a little much for the summer . it made my skin much smoother for sure . best cream i had in a while .
worked just as promised , just have to be careful not to get color on clothing or ears .
these hair ties are great ! they don't leave ridges and yet they hold my hair . love them and will order more !
haven't used this one yet . i will come back later to let you all know about it . i can tell you that i did choose it for price
love the variety i have with these stones . good quality . i like the vibrancy of the colors , and the clarity with the clear stones .
nice pencils , easy to apply and don't wear off easily . they last a long time , and don't seem to dry out .
these tool pens are easy to use . lots of sizes . the handles are easy to grip . love polka dot nails .
great product . i've been using this product for a few days now and my skin already feels softer and looks more youthful . highly recommended !
good packaging , nice looking item but the result to myhair is not that good as what it was say .. thanks
it does work but it works slowly . i had very thin eye brows and now they are starting to be noticeabledejuan neilson 280 wheeler rdgray , ga 31032
it does actually smell great and seems to be working just as well ! i would most definitely recommend this product !
smells good and detangles better than kids spray . my daughter refuses to cut her hair , so a good detangler is needed .
nice set of brushes for everyday use . i like the bag because you can zip it and use it for travel .
good moisture cream and so easy to apply . makes my skin smooth and feels so good even cools down the skin .
wonderful discs . the collection of art on these discs are perfect for doing a wide variety of nail art . thank you
well ... for something this cheap i would say it is good for a quick fix , heats up properly and ... i guess it is pretty good .
it clumped right away and didn't last long before it was not good for my eyes . wouldn't buy this product for here again . might from the store ?
got this for eczema and it worked really well to relax condition . feels a bit sticky at first but absorbs fast
i love these ! i use them all the time on myself and paying customers . i will be buying more when i run out !
the 7 pcs brush set fixs into my budget the brushs work willon my face . i rated this product 4 stars this a great product .
i've always liked dove body wash . and this flavor smells nice . i must have found this to be cheaper than walmart when purchased .
wonderful smell and leaves my hair soft and shiny . love , love ! will definetly purchase again and want to try the matching conditioner .
this was another purchase for the boyfriend . we bought the fragrance free talc and he's very happy with the results .
i use this makeup all the time . i has great coverage and is not heavy and does not cake up on face . good buy
love this wand . big soft curls . once you get the twirl of it !
very good product made face feel smooth and silky liked this product would recommend this produce if looking for good wrinkle cream
by just looking at this subtle yellow for my collection makes me smile . i wanted a bright but pastel yell and i got it in this bottle .
high price for a brush but is worth it , works great for my fine hair , does not get tangled , also have the larger size to.money well spent
chalky and didn't blend well at all . i would not purchase this item again although i love my other nyx products .
this is a fabulous gentle cleanser ! it feels very light on the skin and hasn't irritated my skin at all in the week that i've tried it .
i haven't used these yet . i am looking very forward to start using these tools . my friends are anxious for me to start doing their nails .
after using this product for 3 months , i really see a noticeable difference in my lashes . i highly recommend this product .
great lipstick ! like that is not blurry , it remains a long time on the lips , easy cleaning . i recommend it strongly to all ladies !
looks nothing like the one in the picture its very short and ugly not happy with the wig don't buy
the smell alone is enough to keep me buying this but it also works great . lightly foamy and clean smelling product .
they suck . the brissles spread out and the shape is horrible . it took over a month to get here . not worth it
got this for the sole purpose of using it as a stamping polish & it didn't disappoint me . i only wish the bottle was larger :)
the smell is great . the bars are very moisturizing . it washes clean fairly quickly and is better than a zest - fully clean !
the scraper did absolutely nothing for me . i heard that using an actual razor blade would help . the stamper works fine though i guess ...
this is a great concept and the brush turns perfectly . but the heat and power is not enough to hold the style .
color is beautiful & it's pretty bright even on darkish hair . i would recommend lighting a very little if you have super dark hair .
i'm done looking - i can't believe they discontinued this . are they mad ? perfect glitter ... so pretty in just one coat .
fun with the grand kids teenagers to 8 yrs olds have totally great time adding color to hair.thanks for good times
love this cream . good for oily skin too . not greasy and seems to be making a difference ! can't go wrong for the price ..
nice little device and just the right size . i use it for masks and highlighting hair .
i love this little dust brush and cant believe that i never purchased one of these sooner . works great , love it
does the job . i use it all the time & bought a few as christmas stocking stuffers .
and , it's hard to tell how much product is being dispensed with the brush . this is the second colorscience product i've purchase and been disappointed both times .
great color with the quality you expect from opi . i was in search for a light green color . it's lovely .
these are the best ever and they are not so high in price that you can afford to use them . i've been using them for several years now .
beautiful shade . not real flashy but brightens up my eyes . i am a nurse and it is so light that i can wear it at work .
this is a great quality comb set that's perfect for traveling or just at home . large selection of various combs for whatever you need .
these are so cute on ur nails . they arent really small , so nails kinda have to be longer to use them but they r adorable !
love this color . it stayed pretty nice on my toes when i got lazy and didn't a pedicure for 3 weeks , too !
the powder sits well on my mature skin and does its job well will continue using this brand for a long time completely satisfied
love this as much as the reviva facial cream - will buy this product again - goes on smoothly and it's refreshing .
they are easy to work with and fit all my nails ! some were chiped at the top but no biggi cos i will cut that off anyways !
been using it for a long while and that is why i am getting fresh stock to replenish my beauty cabinet .
this is an awesome product . i use it all the time and and will continue to use it . great service also
nothing works as well as nizoral for me , but this one has a nice scent and conditioner . it's probably best for those with mild dandruff .
i purchased this product for crows feet around my eyes . there was no change after using this product . it did moisturize my skin .
nice coverage , quick drying , i used latex glove on hand to smooth over today , works well did not stain clothing
this works great , it accentuates my curls and makes them super soft , not to mention product washes out of hair easier when this is applied first .
doesn't weigh down the hair and does help with the frizzies . i like all the wen products.good value . lasts along time .
nice product but i prefer the moisture mask . it's much thicker and my hair feels silkier when i use it . the moisture mask comes in the tube .
dont like it.not worth money , feel bad that i purchase it really . i will never buy it again sure .
color is great ! a little too thick.really matte.looks nice.however the container is flimsy.lipstick rolls up and down by itself in bag . this could ruin the lipstick .
nice color . the color last about three weeks on my nail . happy with this product . would buy this brand again .
an excellent product for relieving eczema ! i highly recommend it and will use it on a regular basis ! it is a great skin calmer !
this is a beautiful nail color . i get alot of compliments on it . it goes on very well and stays on .
i love it . the instructions in chinesse were a little confusing how ever , but after failed attempts i figured it out
the powder doesn't stick to your eyelids very well . it gets all over my cheeks every time i apply it , which is a bummer .
this is a utter waste of money please don't buy it . it is of no use . please do not waste money on this product
keeps my hair color vibrant and it smells great ! ! my hair doesn't feel the same with other shampoo / conditioner products . silky smooth results .
if you like seche vite , you need this product . works as advertised to thin polish as you go and make it usable again .
a fun gift for my teenage daughter , but there are very few colors that she would actually wear in a non-costume situation .
beautiful neon baby pink . perfect for those who want something bright but don't want any loud colors . essie never disappoints .
heavy concealer for cheap price , if you are looking for some major coverage at a reasonable price , this product is for you !
the two different loops should work better but it is underwhelming and does not really do what i expected . it
easy breezy eyeliner application with this covergirl 230 ink it point . simple to stick in your purse and go too !
maybe for a fun halloween type thing but not good for everyday wear . and the lashes look too much like plastic
i am so glad i purchased this product . it softens my skin and leaves a nice clean scent that is never cloying .
shu uemura's eyelash curler is always rated above this and with good reason . it is the best . this is adequate but nowhere near what it could be .
this magnetic nail polishes are so fun . and the colors that come in this set , the earthy tones , are perfect for this upcoming season , fall !
polish 1 coat black matte even coveragedoes chip easily but all mattes do for me no matter the brand
love love this good powder u don't look ashy or anything i use this with too faced face primer for oily skin and is really good
these scissors do what they are supposed to do . they are a little on the heavy side . i would buy them again .
thank you great product just got today . haven't used yet but they look like a good quality product and wonderful different arrangement of brushes and dotting pens .
i love this bronzer . i have fair skin and this is great for contouring and highlighting . appreciate the referral for this product on http://www.maskcara.com/
this is a great conditioner . my hair broke off a couple of years ago , and it has helped to repair it tremendously .
this smells and works great . my sons hair looks great he has some curls and they look great . i even like the bottle it doesn't leak .
these tools came in their own little plastic sleeves and i was pleased with them . they worked just as i expected them to .
i have melasma ( sp ? ) and this product really did help diminish it greatly . makes my skin glow and it smells delightful as well .
yes , it's a good product , and i buy this when i can't go to wal-mart and get the generic version , which works just as well .
good-smells greathelps to clear acnegoes a long waybad-does dry out skini would recommend using it maybe every other day
i use them so much and my frineds love it too thinking about buying more thank you so much ! ! !
i have been using these products for about 18 months . i like how my skin feels and it does help with the wrinkles .
definitely a good buy . my skin is smoother , brighter , looks healthier and hydrated . now i know i can buy with regular retail sizes :-)
very nice case , zips easily and holds a lot of plates . nice color too and i still need a couple of words , lol . done .
very pigmented nice and black glides on very smoothly and stays on until you are ready to remove love this pencil .
i love this duo water proof eyelash adhesive , dark tone - 0.25 oz ( pack of 2 ) easy to apply and quick turnaround.thanks , ~ skylee :)
made my hair feel worse leaving it in . even with using the slightest amount . i didn't care for the smell either .
the smell is quite bad though , but it is worth getting over for the benefits of the shea butter for your skin .
i like the blue holder to hold you're eyelash and applying the glue . i'm still terrible at getting these darn things on so this helps me a little .
this product is very nice and has a nice affect on my nails and i really enjoy them . i would recommend it to others .
i use it every day hahahah . good price-product deal ! definitely would by it again . nice nice nice nice nice nice .
these are really nice . they print off great and i have no trouble with them.will be buying more in the future .
not sure if this works or not , i've been using it for about 3 weeks now and i haven't notice anything different under my eyes .
i orderd 2 of real techniques blush brushbut i got 1 real techniques blush brush and 1 real techniques stapiling brush
very vivid , as far as white polish for stamping this is he best i have found so far . i'm lad i bought this .
my girlfriend purchased this to go with a nail art polish stamp plates . so far she says that it is working great .
i was using mario badescu drying lotion prior to trying this one . i think this works much better and it is less expensive .
i would recommend this product as it did relieve my scalp itch . anyone who suffers from scalp itch should try this product without hesitation .
this stamper is pretty neat . it has a big end and a little end for different design sizes . good buy .
i think this is the best conditioner ( to rinse out or leave in a small amount ) for dry curly hair .
smells so good--and helps your summer tan to stay put a little longer . definitely recommend !
my husband likes the brushes . i prefer the green ones . i think those are for sensitive skin . but my husband uses these .
i have no more to say but beat glue ever , it stays there , doesn't show color , doesn't smell , i love it
very strong scent but is a great detangler kinda looks like oil so you have to shake it so and so
larger than expected , but gorgeous . very well made . they fit the arch of the nail well . will order again . very happy with this purchase .
i use this to do my nails at home . i use opi gel polish and it needs to be cured with light and this light works great .
it's my favorite skin care ... skincare ldel cosmetics retinol night cream , 1.7- ounce jar ... has sunscreen and is not sticky like some others .
i guarantee you will love this soap , it also is good on your skin . it leaves your skin soft and smells great , fresh and sexy scent .
not at all as effective as they portray it to be , it is merely a simple lotiony type thing not a skin barrier like they claim .
this kit is awful , the clippers are not sharp and don't clip nails at all . i should have bought better implements individually . horrible .
soft , comfy , correct fit . heps keep moisturizer on the hands . 2-3 nights of use can clearly feel and see more moisturizer hands !
you need very little of this to add definition , shine and texture to your hands ! works nicely as a cuticle conditioner too !
it does a great job , it heat up higher than most , and it curls my hair too . what more could you want for the price ?
keep it in soap dish all winter long . love the moisturizing quality and the scent with slight exfoliating properties . good soap .
was very excited to have these to practice on but unfortuneately the nail bed and tip on these are too small to really practice on .
i love this set only reason i didn't give it 5 star is because i dont use all the items lol but i love it
i used this product when i was in high school 40 years ago . can't find the original anymore , but this is quite close .
i love this - i wear it pretty much daily & get quite a few compliments on it . my husband loves it , too :)
this sharpener fits my mac pencils but not my sephora pencils , so this hasn't been of much use to me .
it leaves you're edges white and nasty looking , and it doesn't even leave your edges laid . - ___ - waste of money !
i gifted this to a friend who absolutely loves the color . its bright and beautiful and it looks great on her nails !
this product came about 2 weeks ago and the containers look a lot smaller than pictured and they had marl any thing in them also the beads are extremely small
love them they are so easy to cut , and apply , the color is great in them and love all the designs .
great product great price . i love how it makes my skin look and feel . i will definitely be back for more !
i used this once and i didn't feel it did anything . i stopped using it . i wanted more of a tough scrubber then a soft sponge .
nice blush , i use this and the passion pink e . l . f . nearly everyday . good value for money , really cant fault it .
burt's bees naturall ageless eye creme is wonderful i use it daily and works especially well on my sensitive eyes .
very happy with the deep conditioner . i am natural so i wash my hair a lot and the conditioner keeps my hair nice and strong .
i loved this product . smells strong but still nice . leaves my skin so so smooth . i would buy it again .
this is the worst dry shampoo i have ever used . i applied as directed my felt and looked awful i would not recommened
love the high pigmented color and it lasts all day long absolutely no creasing i love this eyeshadow . my second time trying it
color was awful ( like a bright clown orange , not dark auburn at all ) and it was a pain to use . i kept staining my skin .
this really does help with brown and lash growth . may take a while , but it makes the brows and lashes more supple and therefore less breakage .
i can wear this for up to 3 days flawlessly ! it does take practice to use since it is thicker than normal liners and lasts so long .
very value priced shampoo , great for thick frizzy hair , good value for the money , would definitely buy again . recommended product !
clips hold up very well and i love the colors i wear hair extension so good for holding up my hair while it straighten my hair
i have tried so many other moisturizers ; but this is the best ... and the moisture stays for a long time ... thanks for sending it so promptly ...
these works faily well . it takes a while to notice the difference but they do make a difference . might buy again .
do the work but really slow . might cause some irritation if i used everyday . it is a expencive little botle .
it doesnt work that well and and i would rather use a pair of small tweezers to apply my false lashes
go price these at your local store , you can not beat this price ! this product is well worth the price .
nice product . i would prefer a bit more scrub , but it is nice and doesn't bother me and i'm sensitive .
product works great . definitely is the best mascara i've tried so far . gets clumpy but only after you've had it for a long time .
i buy a lot of stamping discs . these are so nice . they stamp well and they have loads of options .
i love everything gelish ! i will definitely buy this product again ... i chose this product because this is what i was shown when i first started manicures .
this hair system removal tool works well . i prefer to use this rather than waxing . it is easy to use .
excellent tool for male executives who what to keep their fingers looking healthy and professional - - and i'm sure the ladies would like it as well .
what a price better than all the stores around my neighborhood and they many colors to choose from my customers love it
work great ! no residue . a great exfoliating cloth and non-irritating clean . these are a must have for oily , acne prone on the go people .
really effective at getting your face clean . doesn't leave any residue and doesn't dry the skin out . i will keep these on hand .
this really helped my hair out a lot . and i love how it smells . def an amazing product after trying out so many shampoos .
so far so good . small size makes it easy to store / portable which comes in handy . very well constructed and designed .
aveeno does prove the skin is clean and the smell of this soap smell really good . i would recommend it to people .
the product looks really beautiful . and it is easy and fast to use . also , it is safe due to the good design .
in researching this product i read a review on qvc that says the instructions say not to use this product if you have tmj .
i needed a good hair extension brush since my other one broke . this one does the justice for mine . highly recommended :)
works fast no matter what kind of eye makeup you use . price is good ... easy to pack ... not eye stinging either .
kids are teenagers and are breaking out badly and this product seems to help the breakout on their back and chest.good value and fast shipping .
i say all women should by this cause it is perfect for your hair and do exactly what it supposed to
i like this stuff , i am on my second bottle now and it has really helped my skin . i haven't been breaking out nearly as much .
i love the base & top coar ! the combo its perfect ! ! i love all opi polishes . ! i had multiple opi polishes !
i love them ! they are the perfect size . i wish i would of bought more . it took a month to get to me .
this lotion is just great ! i love it . it has a great smell and when i put it on , my skin is really soft .
this is a very gentle exfoliate but effective . i have been using it for several years . it also has a wonderful scent and cleans very well .
i use this in conjunction with extra virgin , cold pressed coconut oil and my hair is soft and has a sheen to it that my co-workers admire .
i have natural unprocessed hair and sometimes i want a different look . i work this for my birthday and got a lot of compliments .
they arrived earlier than expected . they are the size i wanted them , love the variety of colors . can't wait to use them . very satisfied .
nice scent but a bit sticky . left my skin a tad dry . ( needed to use an additional moisturizer when used ) .
it works amazingly and last long ... also when mixed with other shades gives an amazing look ... go on buy it and you will be happy with it
i have bought this many times before .. the colors are beautiful and the polish lasts and lasts will prob . buy again !
nyx shadows are really great products ata really great price . this color is great for highlighting and blending , a must have for your makeup case .
i love this it is a perfect concealer i love the colors and they make me look flawless i love this stuff , i use it all the time .
very pretty color for a nude look . just what i was looking for and for half the price ! would highly recommend .
i ended up giving these eyelashes away . they are too thick , too long , and too fake looking and not real human hair ..
no problems with shipping or the item , it was as ordered . it was a gift so not sure about performance but i have heard no complaints .
these nail tools were just was i was looking for at a very reasonable cost . they are well made for the money .
works just like in the salon - and i can do it at night while watching tv . i no longer have to spend time in the salon .
these are so pretty , just the right size , don't look fake at all can wear everyday , very fun to wear makes you feel pretty , recommend .
this is a great color for summer . i love it and i am very happy with this purchase . it is exactly as pictured .
i loved the color but hate the quality.it is easy to remove with scratch . i finally found it ok .
i have quite a collection of shany palettes and i've never been disappointed - color selection is always great and color payout is always great .
caress body wash has a decadent lather that rinses off clean leaving behind a light fresh scent and soft skin . i will definitely be buying this again .
the de slick makeup setting spray works great ! it holds my makeup in place for hours without a sticky or heavy feeling ! would recommend it to anyone !
better price than buying in most stores , which makes the overall brush system more affordable.great way to clean and exfoliate your face .
again great product by naked bee . very moisturizing without feeling greasy . and a super fresh , great scent ! wish they would have a bigger container .
this was recommended by a friend and i agree - stays on like nothing else . great smooth line and very easy to use .
great for body , face , hair , goes on smooth and not oily . it's great before apply make up or after peels to freshen up .
i ordered the same thing several times cause they last long and they r very deserving of a good review perfect thicknesses and length . i would tell others
i haven't use my nail striping tape yet but for what i can seethe color i love and the price fix into my budget .
i love this product it helps me go from red to green with no problem at all . definitely a great product .
i am not sure if it is what it says it is , but i am going to use it up .
love it woo woo woooo helps my foundation look nice and stays on longer then before almost gone need a refill
this was an ingredient needed for a home made conditioner recipe and it worked well . i've read you can also use it directly on skin as a moisturizer .
to chunky i rated it three because it was most likely my fault i was trying out new products it was how it was described just not my style .
this is a wonderful , bright purple that i get a lot of compliments on . the formula is flawless . i'm very pleased with it .
the first and only time i tried this gel it left my hair feeling greasy , didn't do anything for my edges or give me hold for my hair .
this hair dryer is easy to use and has lots of power . the rubberized texture is easy to grip and hold .
great deal and great product . it didn't pull out my hair and did the job of giving me great volume .
works good to minimize wrinkles but i didn't notice any skin tightening . this is why i cannot give 5 stars
i hate it :( my eyelashes clump together if i use this and the brush is so flexible that it's awkward to hold and use . waste of money .
i like suave shampoo and conditioner because it gets my hair clean and it smells good , too . it is a good value
good hairspray . goes on nice , but a little goes a long way , so use sparingly or else it will crunch .
this is my fav product anytime , iman makes very beautiful products and at affordable prices . its a must have for black women
immediate looong lashes . be careful though , because it has the propensity to create spider lashes if applied too liberally . overall i like it .
jury is still out on this cream . i'll have to come back for a follow up review .
my sister purchased this as so far no complaints the on it at all , looks like it was a good buy
i love that cream it feels so fresh and light it moisturizes very well and you dont need too much per use
perfect for highlighting . can come on thick but depends on the brush you use . love the packaging to . it is for your everyday makeup .
omg i love stuff ... so creamy and smooth covers everything . even my brown sun spots ... i've got so many compliments since using this product ! wonderful
this used along with the conditioner leaves my hair feeling great , , , i love it
this feels really good on the skin , but it is pricey . it goes on pretty thin but it is very moisturizing at the same time !
this is my favorite store brand face powder ! this shade is good for pale skin tones . i use it daily !
pretty and professional nude color looks good for my office job ! opi is a excellent brand will buy again thank you !
i haven't seen much improvement in my cuticles . i may just have really bad cuticles but i will keep searching for a better product .
this lotion is great for moisture and without a heavy scent . the family fights over it if i dont purchase one for each restroom
this helps some with the brassy color blondes tend to get . i wish it were cheaper , but i love it a lot .
my friend says that this smells really good and likes it a lot . it moisturizes and leaves skin smooth . hope it does the same
great product ! i only have to use a little amount and then i'm good to go.will defiantly be buying this product again !
this product left my hair feeling flat & dull.the smell was very nice but no control at all . will not buy again
a very pretty silver holographic . very , very shimmery , esp . when used with a top coat . i will probably be wearing this at my wedding .
i needed a new moisturizer , i researched and decided to try this one after reading reviews , etc . its light , not greasy and its easy ! !
convenient application and smells really nice . since using this product i haven't snagged any cuticles and they are really soft and easy to trim .
i love this color ! it is very birght and goes on very evenly . looks great with 2 coats , i have gotten many compliments
i use this on my hair quite often it keeps your hair laid down smoothly . its a pretty good product .
these are awesome . very high quality for such a low price . they last a long time and hold their shape .
this is the only face cream my daughter can use . it is perfect for sensitive skin and it smells great !
i'm using this as my hands are disgustingly dry . they are comfortible , fit well and are well priced . fast shipment . thank you very much !
i would recommend this photo ready makeup and love this revlon product i have used this color for about five years
i am so happy i purchased this item . i've tried many other products that did not work , but skinny cream really does . highly recommended .
this stuff is great ! i cosplay in face paint and this helped everything stay in place ! thanks a bunch ! :)
i bought this brush for myself and i love it . it is really soft . it covers very nicely i would buy it again .
nice powder , a little too shimmery for me but it is really nice to put all over the body , i bought for my face but too much shimmer
i love this color , even though i haven't worn it yet . i hope it looks just as good on as it does in the bottle .
i bought this perfume for my husband and i love the smell and the price really recomend it and he loved it to
excellent quality for price ! ! melts on fingers and sinks into skin after awhile . like description on lid also great price & will reorder !
my face changed for good , so i recomend all palmers products i have been using since i was a teen .
i really don't like the smell of this , but the soap does the job and doesn't dry out my skin .
enjoying my combs . i have long hair and i'm usually doing something to it , braiding or curling and sometimes i need an extra comb .
this color is so beautiful and stays on very well ! i just absolutely love it ! !
the side ( hair ) of my ponytail was flawless . just like it looked before i worked out . great price . get it girls !
it works but it's not powerful enough and when you press the buttons sometimes . i do not recommend this .
these towelettes are a 3 in one product . they clean make-up and dirt off your face , dead skin remover and moistener .
i use this product for an all over warmth on my face , gives a very warm glow even after coming in from outside
pretty color . lasts long without base coat . now i will try with opi base coat plus sally hansen anti chip too coat
beautiful workmanship . incredible value . takes a while to get here of course but who cares , it's worth it . good job .
this product is very easy to use and very resistant to pulling . i like that it comes with different sizes for more flexibility .
there are so many patterns and designs to choose from ! get any look you want with these easy to use nail art polish stamps !
i've used better products . this just made my scalp and hair greasy and didn't " rejuvenate " my old hair at all .
i really like this concealer . i don't like liquid or mousse concealers so it's really nice to find a mineral one that really works ! !
cnd weekly polish regally yours opaque cream dark purple almost black color polish beautiful for any change of season can be worn year round thanks
i use it religiously on my lips . my kids do too for the price , it does what it's supposed to do .
it smells what it says : almond ! you wanna eat it or use it in cakes ! ! it's very good ! perfect !
these are the perfect tools for nail art ! i love how simple it is for dotting and other art . i can finally say goodbye to my toothpicks !
i've worn acrylic nails for more than 20 years . i have never used a better product that outperforms this one .
i was really excited to buy this color but its lighter than i'd hoped for . still pretty but not what i wanted .
the picture does not do it justice . it is very pretty and looks great in my hair . bought it in blue and purple and love them both !
great color , i get compliments on it all the time . i love china glaze and am rarely disappointed by any of their products .
good sharpener . i like that it had a cap that catches the shavings . i hate shavings . does what it's suppose to .
i like the feel and smell of this product , but it is a bit messy .
its cute since im a cheerleader , but it runs out very quickly , but it does look good on game days ! (:
i like how well protected and fast it came . it's a nice spring and summer color . i do recommend this nail polish
i had not tried eternity before and bought it based on the reviews from amazon . i am very pleased and will continue using it .
i bought these to give away to some relatives in my foreign country . these are very cheap and has fairly good smell .
this is great medicated body lotion . i like it so much better than in the tube . it goes on so much easier . i highly recommend it .
great coverage and won't crease . it blends very nicely . i set it with translucent powder . i like it better than the mac concealers .
to dark on my medium brown yellow under tone skin , , wasted my money ..
absolutely love it , the lipglosses are pretty much useless , but i use everything except for the lipglosses every day ! such a great product .
typical butterfly clamps . they do not pull my hair and the colors are adorable . works wonders for organizing your hair while straightening . a straightforward purchase .
came a little early and the lashes are beautiful . look full but feel thin so they should not be heavy on your eyes .
very nice and heavy ... didn't expect this much for such low price ... got the silver one ... goes well with any dress ...
i really liked the feel of this foot file . it's easy to hold and works like a charm . i keep it in the shower .
this is a nice perfume , it does stay on for quite a while but nothing overly special about it , it reminds me of other perfumes .
this leave in cream conditioner is amazing it smells great and makes your hair really soft . i recommend this to everyone .
im a bargain hunter ... i was skeptical of the price but i fell in love with it .. worth the money in my book
not only is essie a great brand of nail polish but this color is really nice ! i've received so many complements .
very good for the nail and cuticle , use it and noticed the difference on my nails , great product , thank you
this is a great clip , holds my really thick hair in place just fine , don't know what i'd do without it !
i use this as an everyday lip balm . it keeps my lips very soft and moisturized . it also lasts a very long time .
i love opi it is long lasting and i am never disappointed with any of their colors . worth the money .
this is a reliable product and very consistent . you can count on it to be the color it looks and very economical
i bought this mirror so that i can have a small mirror for pageants and dressing rooms that are sometimes crowded .
most stuff did it's job just as it's supposed to , my only problem was the hair clips had hardly any grip and were useless in my thick hair .
these are great-order 2 because you're going to want them everywhere . trims nails beautifully without splitting or damage . pretty sturdy too-recommend
leaves hair smelling very pretty all day . just one spritz is all you need . i love this product ! give it a try !
it's a must to have applicator for foundation and concealer ... you have to get your own beauty blender and you will see the difference
loves what this does for my hair .. keeps it soft and shinning . i'm glad they have a light version for baby fine hair .
this is a nice color that is perfect for summer or spring , my daughter loves it as well , good buy .
love the case that they come in . i can reuse it for many things . the bows are reusable too . h
works great for people with bald spots . covers nicely and doesn't glaringly say covering bald spot . seems to blend nicely
i have never seen such a fabulous hair clip the coloring is just sensational it looks so much better in person i love it and thank you
this is a nice product from the folks at axe.it has a nice scent and got my hair clean.this is one of the better axe shampoos imo .
i use the small ones to make curls and the big ones to make waves i like it alot like that i don't have to use heat
i'm a makeup fanatic ! love this palet of bright colors ! ! for the price and timly delivery yessss i will order another one in the future !
in one use i immediately felt like my face's muscular elasticity improved . i recommend it for sensitive skin and it helps to keep the skin's ph balanced .
i love how these save space and make your collection easily viewable but one of the ones i received was cracked and chipped .
i did not like these at all . they were too hard and did not apply the makeup very well . disappointed :(
of course i've tried a lot of serums over the years , but always come back to this one . it really hydrates and firms . love it !
works well with my color scheme well . i can wash these off well and they last when wearing any of these colors and you can combine them also .
i liked this so much i purchased a second one to keep in the shower . it helps exfoliate but is gentle enough not to aggravate my sensitive skin .
i ordered these for halloween party dress up they are of ok quality but i would not choose them for everyday use
trying it on face but still has perfume added to it so it's a no go for me . it didn't do anything but make face sticky .
if you are looking to wear a different color but classy at the same time .. this blue is for you @
great for thick and curly hair . it tames all the frizzes and leaves your hair soft and smooth . great conditioner
great color pay off , last a really long time , i use the black one tu fill in my brows :) great eyeshadows overall
love love love this brush . it is so soft and gentle and fluffy i just can't say enough :-) bdellium is one of my favorite brush lines ...
this is a very dark gray , and it is matte , great used as an eyeliner , and in the deep crease .
this color is my favorite superstay color . i have 2 of this shade but want to get a few more while i can .
i love this shampoo . it takes away dry scalp and cleans without drying out your hair . and it smells so delicious !
such a good price . they are really great . don't hesitate , buy these , especially considering what you pay at sephora or any other make up place .
this is a great hairdryer . it is small and travels well . i love the color . it is quite powerful and i highly recommend it .
great k john khb khb khbk john khb job kh both khb b of bkj j ojb job kebab kb kh kh
it's more of a top coat .. you need a color underneath of this , but that's what i wanted . i love it !
i loved the price and it was worth it for me . i will definitely order more makeup brushes again via amazon .
i bought it from a grocery store , i didn't like the smell .. reminds me of mosquito repellant . back it went ..
i've learned my lesson with buying wigs with bangs because they never turn out right but i still like it .
this color looks great with my warm toned , fair skin . it is a perfectly feminine sheer color that is not " too much " . i'll repurchase !
i am a beginner and am accumulating tools to start doing my own nails . this seemed like a necessary part and is perfect for beginners like me .
beautiful color , so pigmented . i just can say that i love revlon products and i will get more of their stuff .
nothing special does what its suppose to do i would recommend this or anyone that is cheaper , seems they all do the what they are suppose to .
these r some awesome colors … . easy to mix .. u can create some fun colors with these or just use it as is … ..
it looks like glue with crappy glitter flakes ... it is not pretty ... i like china glaze but they failed with this one ... my own opinion ..
it look gray buy nice color rich color for the price i buying more of color it last a long time wont chip
it smells fruity and goes on really light and smooth . i really love acure products and this one is a winner .
it helps me to control frizz on my hair after bathmakes my hair feel softit smells greatnever causes any itchiness on my scalp as some other gel do
where has this been all my life , gives life to my flat ironed hair loves it will be repurchasing as soon as i have to
i absolutely love this blue ! the magnetic lines appear nice and clear and the blue is a fabulous color as well !
i like it but is way too small and some had 6 - 8 bow i didn't like that , it came on time .
this is a great smelling oil . i make y own laundry detergent and love to scent it with this essential oil !
great product , received quickly with no hassle . i was looking for a color like that and was happy it was so convenient to find .
i am very excited about this item can't wait to use it , it is very proffesional in fact it is more than i expected
not greasy and makes your makeup glide on . great stuff . i even use it when i'm not wearing any makeup--your skin feels like baby skin .
best one ! this did exactly what it was supposed to . the results were perfect ! highly recommended ! my hair looks beautiful !
i purchased this castor oil as an ingredient for a face mask i make at home . it is exactly as needed .
very cute colour , excellent look gives a perfect feeling . i am satisfied and going to buy another color soon .
it took a while for me to get it but its perfect ! not too light , not too dark . will reorder when i run out .
it's almost miraculous - apply this brush lightly to your towel dried air and the tangles just fall away . it's now my favorite brush .
waste of money , does not work , don't know what i was thinking . would defintely not recommend this one . lot of hype not results .
these brushes aren't anything special but they do the job . i've used them for well over 2 years and they're still full of bristles and soft .
nothing good to say about these products . cheap and break off tips easily . hard to sharpen and the color did not stay on .
nail polish no longer stains my nails and is much easier to remove when i am ready . i love it !
a good general peel for experienced users and professionals . i use this product on myself and in my spa . neutralize well and apply heavy moisturizer after use
great for doing the nude lip that is so big right now , especially if you are super pale like me !
i really like this sponge . i have sensitive skin and i find it less abrasive then a loofah or a wash cloth and it cleans very well .
they're average bobby pins , but not very strong . they're fine if you've lost all yours i guess , but tend to get bent out of shape easily .
this is a great intense conditioner for people with course wavy hair . it smoothes and softens and gets rid of the frizzes . i will order this again .
i love this color , it is just so pretty , gorgeous warm brown with simmer . it looks so nice in the sunlight . beautiful !
this is a wonderful facial brush , that makes my skin feel clean , and makes my pores look smaller and black head free !
i love this lipstick , subtle if you like a light lip color.but you can also put it on heavy for that more darker color .
i love this and the shampoo . my hair is pretty fussy and some products make my hair feel worse . not this . for me it works ...
stinky product , but does give a certain oily glow to your face if you are wanting that . i personally don't like the " glow " .
i love all the colors and they are a perfect size and they make my nails look amazing . a great buy
been using this for many many years . a very effective slightly anti-bacterialsoap that was initially recommended by a physician .
this body lotion smells so fresh and delicious . another hit for bath & body for sure . it arrived on time and well packaged .
great product to use after dermeroller on your skin .. keeps it nice and firm . i highly recommend following directions with this product when using dermarollers .
terrific ! this is my go-to for highlights . perfect color for me and long lasting . easy to use and very reliable .
this bow is my favorit of all it is a little big but ones its placed the nail comes to life beutifull and elegant
my daughter got these for her birthday and has been having a lot of with them ! she has come up with so many cute designs !
it arrive soon and i like it ! i'm planning use them sometimes to curl my hair and don't hit it very much with the curl hair iron
simply love these colors . i can go from subdued to out on the town with a simple switch of colors . would order again
my wife got these from me in her stocking for christmas . she loves them . although they are a bit pricey , the quality is great .
this brush is real nice , for sure it does not pull on your hair and you can use it even when your hair is dry
the sparkly shades from gelish are nice and deep . the more coats that you put on the deeper the look .
feels great , even on drier-than-they-should-be lips . nicely understated color - perfect for going out or just going to the store . one of my regular go-tos .
love them . they work really good ! ! ! they do have u funny smell but that's alright for the price i pay ..
i like this product because it moisturizes and keeps the scape oiled and hair shinning , plus i like the way my feels after i comb the product through .
my favorite . the best for dry skin . i use it day and night . absolutely amazing on its ' own or under foundation .
in general , i pretty like their lines of products . but the peeling gel is a bit under expectation , while all the other products are good buys .
i really like this retinol cream . i can tell a nice difference in my face and my hands . i also bought some for my mom !
i was looking forward to this brush but it fell apart very quickly and is no longer used after 3 months
love this because it has a non-greasy feeling and doesn't make me breakout when i use it . takes the makeup right off too !
perfect perfect perfect for nails takes a while to come in but for the price its worth the wait great product
i got this for my mom whose a ponds lover and she loved this ! she likes all ponds creams and i do also like them
these came pretty quick . i really like them . i've already tried them on my nails . they stay on until i wanna take them off .
i got wife the tiny sampler to see if she liked it , and she did so it looks like i may be getting a bottle next time around
works great ! a little pricy for what you get .. but does exactly what it says it does . be sure to follow with moisturizer .
the color is great , and it really does last . goes on easily and smoothly . buy it . you won't be sorry . highly recommend .
this product works like a charm . i love that it came with extra tips . i would order this product again ..
i already knew the fragrance , so i gave to my husband and i love it . it has sweet and wood mixtured , also a pinch of vanilla
i really like these brushes good range of different types , also received in rarely fast over all i am very happy with these brushes .
love these very pretty and yes the sizes are differnt sizes not much but they work for me ! ! ! and the price is great ! ! !
i always like suave shampoos , they all do the job well and get my dirty ol locks nice and clean .
dotting tools are a great size . brushes are not so great . takes forever for product to dissolve off of brushes .
this is received on time and i bought it for my sister and she likes and it gives shine and also protects from heat .
this is really good lotion for dry skin , and for itchy pregnancy skin and prevention of stretch marks . i would recommend it and buy it again .
i was worried this would be over the top bubble gum pink . it's a nice sheer pink with pearly sparkle . pretty without being loud
it's nice for a temporary wig , it tangles easily so it won't last long . it's cute , i wish it came in more colors .
smells lovely . great consistancy . love the ease of use . only complaint is that i wish it came with a dropper !
this is a well built professional quality tool which works as it should and will last a lifetime . i love it , and have bought others .
this is a fantastic purple shampoo that works after just one wash . you can literally see a difference in your hair color the next morning .
after trying countless products , this is the only one that reduces my age spot and melasma without aggravating my rosacea . hooray !
obsessed with these brushes ! they work beautifully and the carrying case is a fantastic bonus that will make travel so much easier .
i'm obsessed with this stuff ! i layer it over any and every color polish to create my signature " disco ball toes " .
i wouldn't be without this product . not harsh but does a wonderful job . worth every penny . remember to shake a couple times b4 using .
these are cute easy to apply perfect size for nails and decorating other items would recommend and would buy again
not bad . rhinestones were scattered within the package . beautiful colors . my daughter loved the look on her nails after i did them
i got a very gray color , looking more like white , i like though but its is not what i wanted so be careful with your purchase
they are hard to cut . if you don't want to cut these yourself i would recommend buying the ones that are already cut .
this smells so good and is great soap to have set out ! ! good size bottle and a excellent price ! will buy again !
i bought these for my daughter to do her nail art and she loves them . for the price , they are perfect for her .
i liked this product fine , but i much prefer their color mark wand application . best temporary gray coverage out there !
its a weird yellow . i was hoping for a brighter color . didn't look good on me at all . wouldn't purchase again .
i love affirm 3x it is such a good retinol product . it makes my skin beautiful again and i got it for a great great price .
maybe its me but this product doesnt seem to work at all , i had a few splinters and it did nothing for them .
it holds all my nail polish nicely and it looks great too ! no more basket filled with scattered colors ! i'm glad i purchased :)
not the nicest but good enough for everyday use . leaves skin clean , soft and supple and rinses cleanly . pretty good deal considering the price .
this is absolutely wonderful if you have dry cracking skin on your hands from sewing or work . helps the to heal faster and feel better
i love this palette . it fits 9 eyeshadows . i also love that the material it is made of is strong
i am a makeup artist and these are perfect for clients when you dont have brushes and do not want to use them on clients
works very well on with my flat iron and has a nice smell . i would buy this again ! 3 3
these bands stay on sooo well . i have pretty thick hair and the regular goody bands snap after continued use . i will continue to order these .
i love this even though you need a base coat with it i still love it ! i'll buy more when i run out !
smells nice but i don't know that it does that much for the hair . it feels a little too thick to me .
i went into a gnc yesterday and they have it on special buy one get one half price . great dealc
leaves my skin soft and smooth with a pleasant scent ! i will order more of this product in the future .
this color is really nice and versatile , but it is a taupe shade - - definitely not in the grey family .
because i loked the first one i ordered best . it was plain with no color . it doesn't feel like a moisturizerbut make up
add this to rose water and optional aloe vera gel and you've got moisture for your hair .
even though is very inexpensive it's very good ; make my skin look silky and set the perfect base for foundation .
bioelements is by far the best skin care line i have come across . i use a few of the products . shipping was pretty quick from this seller .
this is exactly as the seller states it is . great texture and works well for all my uses . i would definitely recommend this shea butter .
i love this color when i'm in the mood for blue ( i'm typically a red gal ) which happens now and then .
what can i say this is great shampoo / conditioner . people always notice my hair . they always tell me how great it looks . shinny and full .
looked rather orange unfortunately for a " light coffee " color . i think this is a lesson learned purchase . oh well ! live and learn , right ?
i loved all the brushes except the 3 biggest . hairs fall out of them all over my face . arrived very fast .
love ! ! ! leaves my skin soft and the beautiful scent is intoxicating ! the scent is long lasting on your skin too !
i have used this spray for years . my hair is fine and tends not hold a style - using this spray helps hold a curl .
this made the scar on my leg almost look like it was never there !
received all kinds of colors to work with . haven't tried them yet but am looking forward to it . the colors are beautiful . thank you !
so beautiful . they shine rainbow and they are sooooo perfect . they came in just a couple of days from over seas ! ! ! <3
this is has tons of brushes and dotting tools . i can created all kinds of different nail art . super fast shipping as well .
handle broke off and there is no way to reattach . it stated static free but it was staticy from the start . would not recommend
my daughter was very happy with the color and bought more in different shades .
yes , they just came . just in time for christmas nail art . i like the sizes and they seem to be of good quality .
did not work for me . don't waste your time . i had a dark spot and tried everything so i got this product , no luck !
got it very fast wish the wheel was bigger and had more pearls then i got but still very nice selection of sizes going to use soon ! !
great polish set . the golden polish is wonderful , although a bit thick . the white and black polishes are very good .
not my favorite - too peachy . i switched to passion for a nude and it is gorgeous . i would not buy this again .
leaves my hair bouncy but be careful about putting too much near the roots . it will look to stiff if you do .
it is really smaller than i expected . i'm a little disappointed . so you get exactly what you pay for here .
dries so fast and creates a high glossy shine over your polish ! i am glad i discovered it and won't purchase another drug store top coat ever .
good stuff , worked as expected . the makeup applied well to my eyes , will buy again . i'm happy with my purchase .
i ordered this item and it came broken in half , even though it was wrap up pretty well . it was a good idea , had it worked .
after using 1 of these files after the 2nd day it simply broke , great value but doesn't seem to be made out of quality crystal .
my hair was like a yellow and brassy color . i used this and wow a beautiful blonde.thanks amazon .. i am so glad a chanced this color .
i have no idea how people use this .. i tried , but to no avail . it didn't successfully remove any hair .
great treatment , i mixed mine with kanechom ultimate karite butter . awesome combo . great manageability and softness . can't go wrong with these two .
lathers very nicely and has a good , soft , long lasting scent . i'm satisfied and will be ordering more in the future for sure .
this is the perfect combo for a fair skinned red head :) goes on smoothly and very blendable ! i love it !
the scraper scratches my plate ! but the stamper is awesome . i use a generic plastic scraper instead so it doesn't scratch my plates !
for now this is the only soap i will use it smells good feels good and is natural and healthy
after reading these reviews , i was so excited - - but these cloths are not very soft or luxurious against baby's skin . they feel very synthetic .
this tanning lotion seems to do much better than others i have used . it seem to tan more evenly and feels good on my skin .
i really could not tell the difference in my energy level with these . however , i have not used them that long , so give it some time ...
i have very sensitive skin and after 6 mos . with a different product line started to have problems . none with this one so far .
i have to buy this product in replacement of my avon nail polish corrector pen.for some reason , they stopped selling the avon nail polish corrector pen .
this is nice color . the sparkles are like dust and one coat is cute 2 coats and you can be seen from space haha
these are very good pigmented and have a shimmer to some of them . great value for your money . definitely recommend .
i love this color of pick . it is really adorable with pastels . it also has a really creamy application which i love .
crazy ! but i love it ! totally sastified ! ! ! i would recommend this to my family members and friends because they love nail arts !
love this product . in my opinion it does everything it is supposed to.the only thing i would like is if the fragrance lasted a little longer .
great applicator bottle for my home made oil mixture to help keep my skin moisturized during the dry winter months .
i needed replacement brush heads and these certainly fit the bill . fit perfectly and work just like the original ones .
not only it does not work , but it also dries up my oily skin . it feels very weird on the skin .
i love this ! i actually received it as a christmas gift . the products are nice quality and easy to use .
i am a very fair person who grew up playing in the florida sun long before sunscreen hit the markets . sebamed lotion is soothing . i recommend it .
well the product it was for my daughter and she said that was short and not enoff hair in the piece !
i love this cuticle pusher . i dont really like trimming my cuticles . i use the cuticle pusher and cuticle oil and voila ! decent looking nails
excellent product with good settings . blows hair out quickly to give a great finish .
great scent , but you'd do better by visiting a mall kiosk . very small bottle with a big price . again i love it , but sticker shock .
these are flexible and easy to travel with . they fit in my cosmetic box . they are convenient and help keep my nail polish from knocking over .
i loved this so much i enjoy it so much . it has all the colors i love . best gift for any girl
all the everstrong products are awesome and i refuse to use anything else . the smell is good . the texture is great .
i love this blush ! a tiny amount is enough because it is very pigmented . i use it with a stippling blush and get very natural results .
love these bands always have and i will continue to buy them and use them as long as i have long hair .
its creamy so it does not blend in very good . dont use it if you have chapped lips
it you know anything about facial care , peptides are vital to a successful regime . you don't have to rob the bank either .
my daughter loves this shampoo it smells nice and its nice to have the 3 in 1 she can use it for everything while in the bath .
this provided a great shine and has held up for many many uses . i will be ordering more when this one wears out .
i got these for sleeping pony tails and was surprised how small they are . i was hoping for some bigger ones , but these will do .
light coconut scent . nothing really special about it . i thought it was a natural product but its not . not very moisturizing either .
what a great idea making a short list of essential simple ingredients that include what's needed and not a lot of other junk to irritate your eyes .
maybelline new york line stiletto ultimate precision liquid eyeliner , . this eyeliner is very pigmented and last the whole day , i will repurchase it .
this scrub makes my skin feel like it is covered in goo while using , though it leaves no residue after use .
i really like this lotion . it has a dreamy scent ( but i'm obsessed with lavender ) . i only wish it was a little less expensive .
when i received these , they weren't flowers , but bows . granted , i do love and always want more bows , i really wanted these flowers .
i decide to give this a try because of some good reviews and boy do i regret it ... it does not work period ... wont buy ever again
i use this on my scars and it works very well . the results aren't instant and it does take commitment but it really does make a difference .
very beautiful , these are my favorites alongside with #43 . i love them . i will definitely repurchase more of these lashes .
the tape doesn't stick well ! when i finally got it to stick and did a top coat , it faded ! i would not recommend this ! !
brushes were cute and soft . but the smell was horrible ! gave me a headache . smells like chemicals . haven't used them because of that .
it was only 1 dollar and a few cents it came its sturdy it does what it suppose to do im glad no complaints thus far
nice product . not as hydrating as i would like . perhaps best for younger skin . pleasant to use though , absorbs quickly .
the product is amazing ! after using it the skin feels soft , fresh and tightened . great price and fast delivery ! i am going to order more .
arrived when promised , well packaged & i find this item to be very gentle on eye area & easily removes makeup .
needed it just the other day while doing my little girls nails since she will most likely knocked it down will recommend
feels cooling and is not sticky . definitely absorbs quickly and relieves redness of sunburn .
another great product by now . i use for my scalp and just add it to my conditioner , and it helps moisturize ... would recommend !
it is very easy and i love decorating my nails with it - i did buy the less expensive plates not from konad
great color , dries fast and doesn't chip , and the price is right-what's not to love !
perfect case for organizing my nail art plates . my konad , bundle monster and pueen plates fit nicely . i put two in each slot back to back .
this is a pretty opaque color . i am very happy with this purchase and the price i paid for the item .
these little rhinestones are a great add on to my nail art collection . they are cute and i like the variety .
this is a great top coat but just make sure the other coats are try . goes on easy and dries fast .
maybe i expected more from this brush , never had a problem with elf brushes , but this one just did not do the job for me .
my daughters love this scrub and it seems to help them maintain a clear complexion which is nice . i will definitely buy this product again .
works great - no leaks - great for travel . recently purchased for my wife and she has used it with no issues .
i love this soap not just a regular bar soap . make the skin feel super soft just like you were at the beach . highly recommend this product .
it's so nice having not to go to the store for your color when you can get it straight delivered on up to your house instead !
i posted earlier and unfortunately reviewed pueen plates , which are excellent . the leather case holders are as advertised and they hold the plates very well .
came in under two weeks and is pretty firm and the material isn't heavy and bulky . i was afraid my bun would flop around but it worked great !
my hair is short .. growing back from chemo .. and this stuff really helps rock my style . love it . get yours !
it definitely does it's job , it just takes a little more effort . and it's more oily than other make up removers i've used .
such a great color pink . it was a little bit lighter than the picture when i did 2 coats but it's still so pretty .
this dryer was recommended by my hair stylist . i love it ! it is very affordable and powerful . dries your hair quickly and has different settings .
i like this soap very much and can only find it at amazon ! our local stores used to carry it but not anymore for some reason or another .
this plate is awesome ! however konad plates are sooo overpriced ! your better off buying bundle monster plates . this plate is awesome but too expensive
i am happy with the long lasting color that this nail polish supplies . the color is great and have been getting lots of compliments .
i have very sensitive skin and this seems to work well . large bottle for the price . great add on for free shipping .
love the leopard design of the product , very sturdy and good for travel . you will not go wrong with this product .
the nails are super small . that is all . dom dom dom ... nine more words to go . go go go done !
beautiful red , doesnt dry at all . it is one of the best red lipsticks ive had in a very long time
i have applied this in the morning and gone to the ocean in the afternoon and it still protected my face from sunburn .
it has a powder inside of the toner , so it works great for an oily complexion . i like this product .
this is a good product . i would purchase this again . you cannot rave about cotton squares . you either like them or you don't .
on time i like the size so its perfect for me im def going to buy more in the future
it goes on shear and leaves a dark glitter effect i use it over lighter colors it is also great alone .
after 5 weeks all i see is my scalp tingles and itches . it hasn't done anything else yet . don't think i'll continue to use it .
i have short curly hair and believe this product has got to be for long and straight hair.my hair straightened out after use and looks awful .
i used a friends before purschasing my own . the lotion leaves my hands feeling nice and smooth . you'll need reapply after a few handwashes .
this works well to provide a nice matte finish . dries fairly quickly too . worth buying if you want a matte finish .
i use it every day . good price-product deal ! definnitely would by it again.nice nice nice nice nice nice . nice .
some good colors for less money , but you need atleast 3 coats to make it work . am glad i ordered them .
i think i will purchase this again , they really are reusable . i use all the styles they look very nice .. and i get a lot of complements
this shampoo is a standard shampoo that keeps your hair clean . not much more to say about it than that .
i've tried this stuff twice and both times i ended up discontinuing use . it does nothing for me . i'm going back to my proactiv . :(
used this as soon as . i got it and it does a great job cleaning out my brushes . seems pretty mild but does the trick .
love this concealer ! ! ! covers well and doesnt give a cake face even if i apply alot ! will repurchase it when mine runs out
i was so excited to see that i could find this i wore years ago and absolutely loved it then and you cannot find this in the stores
this stuff smells great ! i love the smell of grapefruit and few products really have that fresh grapefruit scent . this is absolutely delicous . thanks !
this product works fine and for the price one can't go wrong . heck , give her a try , i surely believe that you'll like it to .
the pencil does not glide very well - it breaks off almost everytime i use it . i am very disapointed in avon's products .
bought this for my son who just started wrestling . expensive but will be cheaper than taking him to the doctor with ringworm .
i should have looked more carefully at the size . this is a pretty small bottle . way cheaper at the supermarket . oops .
this was a inexpensive stocking stuffer . she loved it . so very tiny . i am glad i purchased tweezers to with it . very dainty
i started using nivea about two years ago . it makes my skin feel so soft and fresh . this scent is one of my favorites .
beautiful design , quality and very durable . i get great comments when i have them on . attention grabber . great price .. and u cant beat the amount
this wash was not what i expected for scent wise , but i still consider it a good buy for price .
i give 4 stars because is kind hard for a normal nails to usei think is soft material , but look so good , come on time
works great but you still need to be careful becasue your polish will dent and smudge still but it makes it dry to the touch .
i love both the conditioner and the shampoo . rinses clean , yet leaves my hair soft and conditioned . i have used both now for about 3 years !
this is def my fave nude nail polish . bought twice and will always keep buying . love that its not too light or too dark
crap , don't buy it . i totally didn't match my eye brows ... so for that reason i'm out ( ha , shark tank-love that show )
i sue this product all the time - it does not dry the skin too awfully much - but it does have sls
this is quite a reasonable product , a little large in size , but so many .
hated it and wouldnt use more than once . waste of money . foolish to ship back . ouch again . didnt pass on either - recyled tube .
the sparkles are amazing , a ton of depth , they almost seem layered . the only thing is , the clear seems to be yellowing .
i expected these brushes to look thin like the picture , but they are really thick and bushy ... say bye to straight lines !
my husband plays golf and tans beautifullybut he gets skin cancer anyway ... so this is the answerhe needs the moisturizer anyway and now he is safefrom the sun
i love how it feels on my skin and hair ! it makes my skin soft without feeling oily and it absorbs very quickly .
good lightweight , great for the summer months , it just sinks right in ! i out it on before moisturizer and sunscreen !
i noticed no difference in my skin whatsoever . not better , not worse . so for this price , id say move on and keep looking .
great for applying blush . sweep down from your cheek bones . works wonders . i use it with the mac blush line .
for under my eyes and hour glass ambient light powder . sigma brushes are well worth the $ and i will continue to add to my collection .
these are good clippers , cuts nice and so far has not dulled fast i'm pretty happy , i would buy again
i threw my old bottle out and now i notice it comes without a brush for the small bottle = doh ! ! !
my nine year old daughter loves this two and one . it smell great and leaves her hair looking great and easy to brush .
i absolutely love this mascara ! my only complaint is that is does get a little clumpy as it ages . great value for the money !
i was pleased with the end result of my hair when i used this product . i got soft bouncy hair .
this works great my hair feels great . my scalp feels great and i don't have any dandruff . it even smells great . the bottle is nice too .
comes in great shades for me , very easy to apply , stays well . price could not be bette , decent quality brush
this product is magnificent in healing the cuticle and nourishing the nail bed . i would definitely recommend to others . nails are healthy , no cuticle tears .
i have been using this product for only a week and already the area around my eyes feel nourished and looks less dry . i am loving it ! !
i like the shine that this lip gloss gives and the colors are good also . i recommend these to others
i have fine hair and this condition works wonders ! all of john frieda's products are fantastic - highly recommend to anyone !
these are easy to use . gets the job done and creates some cute nail designs . i would definitely buy again .
makes applying toppik fibers a breeze . allows accuracy and far less mess in the process . good to have in the hair styling arsenal .
i love this straightner it makes my hair so straight and it comes out so nice i would recomend this to anyone ! !
bought this for grand daughter who is starting apprentice nail tech . she loves them and states she will use them in her learning table .
they are ok , not highest quality , but for the price they are definitely getting the job done works for most things
this product did not wow me . it is functional but seems a little smaller than ones i have used locally and seems to desolve faster .
bristles were not punishingly hard on first use , they're softer than others i've had in the past . i like it .
i could not wear these with glasses . the eyelashes were too long and pushed on my glasses . i will not repurchase .
i like use it in my body . i don't like to much the odor but overall is a good moisturizer for my skin .
this is my favorite mask of all the different ones that i have ! it works wonders for scars ! i highly recommend this facial mask ! !
just replaced my old brush and this fit my mio 2 just fine and feels great . i loved the price !
this is a great idea but only in theory . it does not work well at all . now wonder it was so cheap .
i use them to go in my wig and have them secured . so when i put them on , i can secured the wig to my hair .
it's great as a makeup remover . it does have an alcohol smell , and i don't see what it does to my skin as i was expecting .
these lashes are not over the top . they are fine for day time wear . i did have to cut the length a little .
this is a great product for natural hair . it strengthens and thickens natural hair . i am not sure what makes it black though .
this is great shampoo . it leaves your hair soft and smells great . it is light without that greasy feel . nice work biolage .
my daughter thinks village naturals is a great brand of bath products . i buy her a variety every year and she loves them all .
i love this product . my hair is a mixture of african and caucasian , and this is one of the few products that manages my frizz !
there are 3 seperate surfaces on this brush , so you can use it for different purposes . well made and convenient .
this product is what i wanted . light hold without any perfumes . nice to find something as advertised and promptly received .
it may be that i am not quite sure how to use it . we have difficult skin issues . need more information to give better review
i really do like this and it really does work and doesn't irritate eyes so that is great ! try it !
i love this . it comes in many different sizes that can create designs from small polka dots to flowers and mickey heads ! most deff worth it
only need a little of this at a time , mix with jojoba oil & frankinsense for a great body oil instead of lotion . feels fantastic !
this feels great on my skin , and really cleans my skin as well . it seems to really kill my pimples while cooling my skin .
i love these hello kitty head i was able to make a body for the bottom out of rhine stones they look good as a junk nail .
great product my skin feels so soft and smooth after using it i have really dry skin and this product seems to really be helping
that's wonderful . removed all the make up inculding the water proofe one . i love this . i take it whenever i'm home or travel
easy to use . works very fast . no mess . i really love this product and will continue to use it . highly recommend .
i thought i was buying intense ; my mistake . this smells good , but doesn't seem to last . intense lasts much longer .
these are some of my go to brushes . they are very well made and nicely sized . perfect for traveling . overall a great product .
this some great shampoo.this cleans and conditions in one nice step.my hair is clean and nice smelling after showering.recommended !
my hair was dry and brittle , devacare products and coconut oil have changed this for good ! i went " curly girl " and i'll never go back !
this works well with the emjoi micro-pedi foot buffer . it really gets that dry dead skin and leaves my feet smooth and ready to be seen .
nice colors.yet to try all of them . tried a couple.good buy for the money.it has a lot of rhinestones .
i would say this is a decent moisturizer but not sure this cream is doing anything to my face at all . haven't notice anything at all .
light works good lights are not hard to put in ... does the job good buy hurry and grab one why pay more ! ! !
i like the brushes and the bab is quite convenient . brushes are soft ... i would recommend this to friends
this is what they use in the nail salons ! smells very strong ! ! ! goes on thick but smooth and clean crisp finish .
this is an awesome silver chrome finish . does not smudge . i love it that it has a high silver shine ! great for evening wear !
does what it says it does . great for pulling lashes into place . closes up a little sometimes . but it's fine . i like this .
my favorite of the three pan trios ! ! ! great everyday palette ! ! ! goes with every outfit and skin tone - highly recommend .
excellent . i love this . i have it in lili marlene . you can never go wrong with nars . great pigment . :)
i tried a sample of this shampoo and my hair looks very nice but the scent gave me a bad headache . too bad .
the price was good and it does what it says . i will continue with it if it does not skyrocket in price .
no problem i use them for my own nails and practice so they are okay not a bad deal for your money .
i really like the prox brush and cleanser from olay ! i don't see the point in paying the huge amount for other types when olay works so great !
tried at my usual salon place , great new color , so purchased for myself to do touch up , sort of a mat pink color !
i think this product is either too thick to get through the pump - or my pump is broken . either way - wont purchase again .
this stuff did nothing for my skin ! actually , seems like it made it worse and my skin was so dry .
lovely - expensive but good product with a lovely scent . nice packaging , looks good to coordinate in a bathroom . great !
it doesnt blend as smoothly as i hoped it would , instead it just soaks up all the make up . none left on my face
the best eye liner there is . super black and very long lasting . i just love the 24/7 items form ud
the smell isn't the greatest but price is ok . this lotion helps me keep my tan the longest w / a great color .
came in different colors some a bit bigger then others , but i would use the bigger ones for my thumb nail , ,
works great for stamping . the bottles is small for the price but i would buy again because it works well .
received packaged in box with golfer's clock and other nioxin product . this product was in perfect shape but other nixin product was damaged and clock .
if you don't like all the alcohol that comes in most toners , this brand is great !
no this isn't your fancy nail clipper , but it gets the job done and was relatively inexpensive . if you're looking for budget , then this is it .
was pleasantly surprised by the power of this tool ! all attachments work fine . i would've given 5 stars but i don't think all the bits came with package
goes on just as great as all the other gelish polishes , however it changes color with a change in temperature . i love it !
nice product a little pricey but worth it got a lot of use out of it and would buy it again
love my uv dryer ... now everyone wants to come over and do their nails . i am also trying to find out other uses for this uv dryer .
i got these took for ever and you can't really do any designs , the bristles of the brushes are not very good
it is a good product with acceptable price , but my suggestion is don't use too often , you can do like 1 time / week .
love these high quality clippers worth the money . they really get the side of your toenail great ! i recommend these if your prone to ingrown toenails . l
i liked it as a spot treatment but it didn't make acne go away faster then usual . plus it didn't last very long either .
this sponge is very soft but doesn't give a great lather . i had to use a lot more soap then usual with this product .
total crap . the color comes off of these strips of you even put clear coat or anything . waste of $ .
i think it kind of smells ok , i don't think it's moisturizing my skin like the reviews i read said it does though .
the product and the packaging is easy to use and store . it's worth the money and i will likely bring returning business to this company / manufacturer .
satisfied with the product , beautifully finished , well pigmented , good quality , i use it as blush cheeks with excellent results . what you purchase .
my gal who has eczema didn't like it ... says it's stingy to her ( she has a bit of broken skins due to scratching ) .
this cutter cuts really good and it's pink :d i really like it ; it's not heavy and it's not too big , it's perfect
i like this product , i like the brush because it makes it easy to use . i am satisfied with this product .
i don't think there is anything too special about this brush . it works about as well as similar brushes that i'vepurchased at the drug store for $ 12 .
so very creamy and pigmented . you can use it alone or top a lipstick coat and it looks awesome . will re-purchase other colors as well !
not good at all for brown eyes . need a black to go along with it in the outer corner of the eyelid .
it fell apart as soon as i got it . i only got to use it once . it was a little to big as well .
good quality , exactly what i expected . the colors are nice and nuetral they go with everything . i would buy this again
hb ibm bh khb khb b kh bib khb in uno ubs guis khb khb khb khb kh gui h
this spray makes my hair feel like its a piece of food . such a waste since now i'll have to throw it away . don't recommend for sure .
i read collagen and vitamin e oil is good for a facial cream and i have been using it i like it
i bought this sunscreen because of the good reviews , but i thought it was too thick , goopy , and unpleasant feeling to use again .
received package opened and product beat up waiting for a new one . will update actually product review when i get a sealed package with a new looking product .
this product is difficult to use . the attachements are hard to put in and after you turn it on , they fly off .
they are exactly what they say they are . they are adequately sized and they are perfect for displaying your nail art :)
i didn't give these bows a five star because i didn't think they were as pretty , and the quantity is very minimal = $
it is ok toner it do not make break out like other product did i will buy if can not find some thing eles
they fit my nail drill perfectly but these things appear to be used ... the stuff looks old ... however they work kinda good .. but slow ...
so cute and works great ! i loved the sizes and it came in perfect condition . i recommend it for anyone .
i use it every night . sometimes i notice it works better than others but it is by far the best i have ever used for spot treatments .
glad to find an organic in this size . seems to be a decent product and i keep it in my guest bathroom for visitors .
lathers perfectly , smells great ... only need a dime size for full coverage . natural and helps lighten dark spots . used for 3 weeks now .
i've always loved the smell and the clean you achieve by using this soap . it is one of the highest quality soaps i've ever used .
i first used this two years ago and fell in love with this palette ! ! i love all the colors and where this just about every single day .
this stuff works really great . it might be a little oily for some people's taste . don't forget that it's like $ 3 at walmart .
works very well … gives that airbrushed look with minimal effort . easy to clean . i like this much better than brushes or using my fingertips .
i use this for hot oil treatment and to seal moisture in my hair . my hair shines now . i love it .
smells weird , and definitely isn't made of satin . didn't keep my hair in place , actually made it stick out really weird .
best total skin care i have found for my skin . it leaves you skin feeling bright and clean without feeling oily .
this is the old nivea lotion that used to come in a glass bottle . very soothing and feels nice on the skin . great product .
i love the deva curl products . they are gentle on my hair and skin but very effective . you should try them .
came on time which is always good doesn't look cheap ! ! ! haven't used it but other then that seems good thanks
i seriously love the whole real techniques line . i have almost every brush and this one did not disappoint . yes !
amazing powder . hydrate my skin and covers all my large pores and spot wonderfully . my complexion look smooth and flawless . i cannot do without it
goes on easily , very bold gold eye shadow , and stays on all day long . i would highly recommend to someone else .
this is so pretty ! i love them pre sliced they fit perfectly you can stick with clear polish but i love using clear acrylic
i was looking for a great tea tree product with no sulfates . this was recommended on a natural hair care site i visited and i am very pleased !
buy this brand it true to color i planning to buy more colors it dry quickly . good price for brand name
i really like this cream ... a lot less expensive than some of more boutique brands .
the l'oreal products work wonders with my naturally curly kinky hair . helps give it the moisture i need without weighing it down too much
the colors are great in this genre of polish and should be applied exactly as directions state and you will love it .
i love how this product smells . it leaves your skin so soft and moisturized . i highly recommend this . i will reorder this product .
does a pretty good job in curling the lashes.goes through batteries too quicklyif you don't mind changing out the batteries , then you may like this product .
nice color when used with a eyeshadow primer and it shows up great it a light color so you should add it kinda heavy
cute have to learn how to do a better job but other than that its ok i love the designs and the packaging was great
great ! comes with a bunch in separate baggies . looks great , perfect size . a +
this was awesome . it does what it says and cleans you . if you need lather , then use soap
i use these green discs for my pmd and they keep my skin smooth , fresh , and youthful . my face is in love with it .
smells great ; not too much of a lavender fragrance if that's what you're going for , but still a nicel fragrance that stays with you .
neutrogena oil free acne stress toner is a good toner for the price . i have purchased it several times before and i'm sure i'll order it again .
sadly it doesn't work but then again it was too good to be true . . . . . . .
great for contouring shine free , if you are like me and don't like shine or shimmer with your bronzer . will purchase again !
this is super gentle ... too much so for me . i gave it to my young daughter to use and i'll save up for a clarisonic .
a little fragranced , but manageable . it feels good putting it on , and my eyes look younger ; fewer wrinkles ; less sag .
this is a pretty decent tanner but startes to look a little splochey after 3 or 4 days so you will need to reapply .
this is my favorite product atm since i always jump from products to product . been stocking up on this brand so it should last me a while .
this is the only conditioner that leaves my coarse gray hair even close to being soft . oh , and i love the smell !
this color was a little to dark for me but it worked really well for contouring on the face which was nice .
i love this , i do not like my face in the sun so i tried this .. fantastic without drying
i am always looking for new plate sets , and this one is nice . it has a lot of different designs and most of them are nice .
i love this curling iron ! it does have a learning curve to understand how the handle works as it twists but overall i am thrilled with this purchase .
i can not wait to see the amazing nail art that my daughter and i can create using all this fun nail stuff ! ! !
use it on my skin in my shea butter coconut oil almond oil argan oil mix , goes on slightly oily but fully absorbs after 20mins or so .
lovvvvvvvvvvvve these brushes and they work so good .. would order more and they look so nice in the cup ... a big 5 star for them .
this conditioner is really good and locks moisture in the hair . it's very light and also have a nice scent .
brush works well with the application of powder onto the eyebrows . fills them in with out looking too fake or bushy .
would not buy this kind did not like maybe other wen products are good but this one not good just dii with this one my try another kind
fun color , sheet with lots of sparkles if you put on many coats can be used at only color for lots of sparkle
these nail stickers are good quality and much better than the sally hansen . i had these loreal decals and they lasted over 10 days .
i love the leave in and the conditioner . but this over night product doesnothing for my think hair . wish i did not waste my money on it .
i tried a tube with a tubular tip applicator and trew it away after the first use because it is so messy . a brush works much better . .
this is perfect for someone who is just starting to do their own nails . good color variety , and my daughter's love adding glitter accents to their nails
love it it is a bit heavy for my hair i will enjoy wearing it though ! ! !
it is really good for whitening . even though i feel little dry after i use it with my emulsion , i think it works to protect your skin !
i was not overly impressed with this glossing conditioner . i expected it to give me shine and condition my hair and it actually dried it out .
product has really made a difference in the dark circles around my eyes - eyes are much brighter and fine lines have diminished !
i am happy i got my brushes they are extremely awesome and i am pleased for making such and excellent buy .
i love this product . it does not make my hair frizzy and it also helps to detangle my hair without using a brush .
got this for my son's girlfriend for christmas . she was so excited to get her favorite shampoo . she loves this product .
i love these . the only problem is that the smallest one breaks easily . i didn't care for them we'll i guess .
this is the best cuticle timmer and pusher ever ! if your reading this then you need to buy it ! no second thoughts !
this soap has a good smell but it does not lather as well as the white one . the grainy feel makes no difference .
i use mine for putting on cream or liquid foundation everyday ... love it .. i plan on buying a couple more in the future .
the polish is very pretty . great color selection . get many coats of polish out of each bottle and give chance to see which polish like the best .
i use this after every wash and after every deep conditioner . your hair will love this stuff . use with the entire aphogee line like i do .
my lashes and this is perfect for them , it gives me the complete finished look , a clean or dramatic brow line , great find
the description of pen was very misleading . i thought they were retractable detailing tools , not brushes ~ not what i expected .
i so love the many colors ! the size is great , very noticeable . they make my nails pop ! my nails will be styling this summer !
this is a really good product . you cannot beat the coverage and it stays on for a really long time . love it !
took awhile to come but oh well , very cute love love love it . feels strong and would purchase again .
paying premium for organic label i guess - smells wierd - not my taste at least - i like lavender / citrus fragrances ...
you feel really like extra clean on your skin with this body brush . the bristles are very soft and takes soap very nicely .
deee-lish-us ! you can taste the quality . not heavy to where it's choking like some olive oils . wish they made flavored ones , like lemon .
pretty good top coat . comparable to seche vite - it's quick dry and makes the manicure shiny . i think the formula is safer than seche too
my eyelashes are long and nice but this product enhance them and keep them shining , longer and hydrated all day .
it's small size is perfect for applying a thin layer of peel . however , you can get the same brush for 99 cents at an art supply store .
i like it , it nice to try . and it is alcohol free , nice for my skin ， the smell is nice . ha
it clears stuff up really well . i will be buying this again soon . it is gentle on my face too .
i used it for few months and i didn't see any difference . it's either overrated or it just didn't wok for me .
1 of the best highlighters on the market . just stunning . great for brides and / or bridal parties . a must have a +
i love this product . i have adult acne and this product does a fantastic job covering any flaws or acne i might have . love this product .
this is okay . i like the actual mask but the smell is sooo so overwhelming . it smells like liquid antibiotics .
love love love love it , it's very very good ! i even orders more for my whole family and friends
use this product in my hair almost every day . it gives it good volume and makes it easy to manage .
i swqitched over to a revlon brand of liquid makeup , poor coverage , poor finish , just not good , maybe for others , but not for me
i wanted a bottle of 8 ounce - 238 ml , enough oil using hair scalps , skin condition , burn , wound etc .
great price for this famous and well made soap . of course i have since started making my own castile soap at home .
good products but wish it was an all-in-one product . rather expensive , but it works pretty well when it is regularly applied .
the package came broken so returning this for a new one but it smells really good and the lotion seems rich too ..
i bought it for my extra stuff . my old one is better though than this . no complain as long as it sharp . i will recommend this .
bought this as a gift , and it was a great buy . my friend loved it and the colors are nice and dark .
lavender chamimile bubble bath is so relaxing , i love taking baths using this . this is great to use at the end of a bad day .
this is a nice shampoo and conditioner combo . i use it daily and it leaves me hair feeling clean and slick and feels great throughout the day .
i love this stuff . it cleans my sponge and gets most of the make up out of . should have bought the bigger one .
once again the colors vary and they dont come in a case like you see just a plastic bag . and there small .
i didn't realize this color was going to be sheer and shiny . however , it is still a very lovely color and i do like it .
great for setting my concealer and highlighting ... i love this brush ! can't wait to buy more sigma brushes ... a must have in your makeup kit !
i really love this moisturizing cream and use it day and night . the shuttle ylang ylang essences is calming as well
this shampoo is awesome , but it leaves my hair a little dry . i have to use wen as a conditioner after .
great price for a hair essential if you like braiding or doing any of the fancier ' dos you can learn of youtube .
i just love this body scrub ! smells so good , and leave my skin smooth and i don't need to put on lotion after .
after using this brush about a thousand times its slowly starting to fall apart . i wish i could have used it longer .
this item has gorgeous color , holds extremely well and isn't too big , which is what i wanted . love this item .
i love the color ! goes perfectly with my tanned complexion . i bought it for work and received lots of compliments
i really love how this product feels on my scalp . i really think it's helping to stimulate my scalp . i love it .
it took quite a bit , but i finally restored my seche vite back to a normal , usable consistency . hooray ! will purchase again in the future !
warm up a teaspoon , place on knee and cover / wrap overnight and the next morning knees are working much better , stronger . love this stuff .
i love this dryer . it is smoothe and sleek and hardly makes any sound . just what the hair gods ordered !
i like this curling iron so much it is bigger than i imagined so i liked that um i cant really complain it gets the job done too
i love this stuff ! it's just the right color for a natural look , and it's animal friendly . it doesn't get any better than that .
these aren't the highest quality but for the price they work very well and serve the purpose . i couldn't see getting anything different really .
this product is so creamy and works well for me . i will purchase more .
somethings you buy just don't work but once you try it you will be hooked try some you'll will like it
this is a light lavender color and not over powering . great to wear anytime . goes with both dark and light shades of purple .
maybelline has some great eye makeup ! this stuff goes on nicely , lasts , and looks great ! the price was really good too !
feels pleasant , but the color is too pale . i expected it to be more like a stain , and less like pink chalk ground up in vaseline ...
i love love love real techniques brushes ! ! im buying all the brushes ... still want the others . love love love
item is as described and it's easy to use . great to use to make lined designs in their nails or to add colored lines into the design .
this is the best face scrub i would buy and use more but it's so expensive ! love the poppy seeds !
wonderful apple smell ! it smells like granny smith apples , not fuji . i really love this fresh scent and the lotion makes my skin so soft !
beautiful color . goes on really nice and smooth . i have it on my nails as we speak ! i have had so many compliments on the color !
this product is very expensive and did nothing special for my hair . i would not purchase again . there are products that work better and are less expensive .
the gold is super glittery and the purple is very dark and chalky . i just couldn't find a way to combine both colors in a flattering way .
this product is noticeably different immediately . it soaks in quickly and lasts for hours through several hand washing but never feels greasy .
i love this color it's like a spice color it looks wonderful on your nails and l'oreal colors are long lasting . like 2 weeks
i love this brush set . nicely made and a fair price . you must get this if you apply makeup for yourself or others .
its really hard to find the right shade of eyebrow pencil for blondes and i think this is a really great one .
this is a replacement , my wife loved the color the first time so we bought more of the same color
soooo mild and moisturizing especially in a desert climate or in the wintery midwest this is a godsend . no lather but no super tight face either
i use this everyday after i put on my make up and it stays ! this product smells good and it overall great ! ! !
it's the one thing that gently keeps my acne at bay . combine this with professional peels / microdermabrasion and you'll have beautiful smooth skin .
i always buy this from sephara ， but i found it is cheaper than sephora ... this product is really useful for cleaning the beauty blender .
i'm beginning to see that my preference is darker deeper colors . i do like it , but it's on the bright side .
this product is just ok . doesn't have the greatest smell , and i don't see that it works better than any of the lower-priced cleansing conditioners .
leaves my face , fresh , super clean and free of acne . have started to use it on my hands and arms to prevent wrinkles too .
this is a fantastic brush and has literally transformed my hair , period . i seriously wish i had discovered this brush years earlier .
this is a great product . moisturized skin very well and it has a very light , pleasant scent . does not stain clothing .
i love it , love it , love it , love it , & since i design nails this product really comes in handy .
did nothing for my skin . used as suggested and no signs of brightness . wish it worked for me , but it didn't .
these really are the best eyeliners out there . they glide on smoothly and stay on all day . the color selection is fantastic too !
this blush is a beautiful shade , and a little goes a long way . it feels nice when applied and blends beautifully . highly recommend .
this stamper works wonderfully ! its soft and works great transferring images onto nails . i would highly recommend this product . thanks
soft and easy to use . it is just as described and perfect for applying powder ( not just bare escentuals brand )
i bought this for my girlfriend and she loves it . for what she tells me it is a really nice addition to her nail decoration
it is difficult to use and doesn't do the job intended . a waste of money .
i have finally found something that works for me , without any side effects . i will continue recomme.ding it to all .
one of my favorite colors of gel polish . stayed on for well over the 2 week time period . highly recommend
best ever , i use so much of this i have i buy it in the big bottle . this is the only top coat i use ! !
great supplement - my skin looks and feels tighter - i was really starting to see damage after years of sunning - its nice to see some reversal
excellent product , received in excellent conditions higly recommended if u want to give to purchase for you go ahead its a nice perfume , recommended
works great for holding make up and hair accessories . bought one before , but this is much better because of the mirror that is attached .
this dish is good quality but small . it is a little bigger than a thimble . no waste of product if you use this lil guy .
this gel is the best gel that i have used since becoming natural three years ago . no buildup and lays my hair down right !
this is the best brush ive ever had . it never sheds and applies makeup very well . i highly recommend anything by this company .
i really liked the pens for drawing but the glitter rhinestones were a little larger than i expected.overall good . i do recommend .
i have tried others and this one is the best by far . no jitters either . price is cheaper overall vs other brands too .
it's extremely thick and heavy . i don't use it more than once a week because it leave my hair heavy and it gets greasy and weighed down .
a color such as this is a timeless classic ^ _ ^ i am pleased with this one as well . it's vintage , it's feminine , it's perfect .
this eyelash curler is amazing ! great results in seconds that last all day . not to mention its affordable price . definitely recommend .
i use this all the time . it hurts , but its no different than threading . its the most inexpensive thing ive ever purchases and kept .
saw no results from this at all . i guess it just depends on what you are looking for . may work for others
this is one of my favorite perfumes . it is real ! i would definitely buy it again and recommend it .
one of my favorite colognes . i get more attention from the smell of this stuff then most other colognes . last a good long time too .
its a strange color but then it is milk protein & honey . smells good and works great ... for a soap that is .
works very well , leaves hair , very manageable , soft and a " slick feel " , which i like .
the colour is a nice pinky red . it smells good but it's too drying on my lips . i have to use a lip balm with it .
these butterfly clamps holds my hair out of my way very well when i am styling my hair . i like the long length of these clamps
if your looking for something to bling up buy this it works for not just nails but other things and crafts too !
i use this size to carry in a bag or suitcase . it is a great travel size . and the product is amazing .
quick and easy ' and it calms and moves the bowels without causing diarrheal like many other mag supplements . try it out people !
very well made , love it ! i did order more , do wish the cost wasn't so much.tracie bobb , philadelphia , pa .
this blush is so perfect ! great natural color . blends well and has a hint of shimmer . obsessed with the color .
good for overnight zit or pimple size reduction . not over powering . doesn't dry skin . only requires a drop for effective treatment .
both work and do their job base coast of uv gel polish and then the top coat to seal it all in great
i have only had this brand and it worked fine , so i have to say that i like it just fine .
cheaply made , and it doesn't do what it claims to - if you can get waves out of this thing , i'd be truly amazed .
my hair didn't feel good . it wasn't soft it was greasy and it felt with built-up . it was not manageable ! not worth it .
loved this flat iron got it to get those roots of the hairand i tell you they came out perfect every time .
this smells so delicious ! after my evening showers , i apply this all over my body , and it feels so luxurious . aromatherapy !
intense moisture is what you get with out lots of greasiness . this is one of the best moisturizers i have ever used
i love this foundation . i wish i would have gone a shade darker though.it goes on well and stays on all day .
a little too greasy for me but i wont give up on it yet . i will try it again to see
as i have said before , i have used the eco tools before and i have always liked them . great brushes !
it does seem to bind the hair together so you don't have that frizzy look but still a lot of volume .
this is ridiculous , i thought i was going to get a decent size but this is awful , i returned it
my maybelline coverstick corrector / concealer arrived early and in good condition . it is a product i have used before and i am very satisfied with it .
your lashes will thank you when you use this product . it works beautifully with or without mascara .
i love this little machine . it does a great job of removing makeup . i would recommend this to anyone especially if you have problem skin .
absolutly love elf blushes ... they are pigmented just enough to make skin sparkle and not to much ... apply as wanted and radiant skin will appear !
i am in love with this color because not only is it a soft lilac it has undertones of blue so the color stands out ! beautiful
i have always liked opi polish they have beautiful colors and now in the gel polish looks beautiful very pretty pink
they shed and get nasty when washed . i only use the eye brushes but they still shed after 5 months . no bueno .
great cream , i use it daily . it is non greasy and the scent is great . a little goes a long way
several times now and i love , love , love it ! ! especially the zebra art image ... i used it a lot this summer .
my nails look like a tilt-a-whirl . just a beautiful classic red with a ton of sparkle ! great coverage with two coats .
very soft , blends make up well , cleans easily and feels good in hand . just an overall good brush for the price .
i like the scent well enough . it smells like something i've had before . it's a younger smelling perfume and fruity floral to me .
smells so good stays in forever i love the smell i always buy it pricey but its so good .
i love these ! this is the 2nd time i have bought there . not because they broke but because i wanted to give them as gifts .
i have bought this a week ago and already see and feel a difference . will be buying more ! thank you so much ! ! :)
i couldn't live without my clarisonic ! amazon has the best prices of anyone , and it doesn't take a week for my orders to reach me .
this is so pretty we love the moon style design of makeup , will order more love this excellent price for the amount that you get love it .
nice low odor , no irritation daily moisturizer.the simple brand is very neutrogena like.this product is comparable to the neutrogena and aquaphor and cetaphil daily moisturizers .
i use this bag when i travel . it holds brushes well and since it's expandable it also holds a lot of makeup . well worth the price .
love it . great color . the pigment is great and the colors are all super bright . every eye shadow youll likely ever need .
the shadow is really a good color that i got . since im a makeup artist it will be easy to use and blend in well . thanks
this shampoo is amazing it really helps your hair and the price is amazing i would recomend this shampoo its amazing .
i did not care for this perfume . didn't receive any compliments and i'm sure on somebody else is fine everybody chemistry is different . didn't work for me .
this has great hold and doesn't weigh hair down . i recomend it for thin hair that doesn't like to ' stay ' .
i simply love the nioxin products . does what it says it's supposed to do . if you have thinning looking hair , it works great .
i don't think it does much . i don't see a difference with this product ; my shadow still wears off . i will not purchase it again .
dotting tools , do what they're supposed to do . allow me to make cute nail art on my nails . that's it .
it's natural and wonderful ! it has natural ingredients that actually work . you will love this face wash ! ! i have been looking for something like this .
i love this product because i can have a lot of fun with it with my friends and my family members and even my little sister i love it
is very good but is a lady smell the truth is that i'm young and i let my mom but is very well
i love the price and it makes my hair wonderful and its a great ourchase anybody that loves hair products should purchase
simply and beautiful paletteslim and easy to storethe pigments are rich and easy to blendyou must get you one or two :)
on one set of stickers the design was very worn and smudged . otherwise i love these ! ! the designs are beautiful ! !
i bought these for at home use when i do my acrylics and it works perfectly . it's worth the price !
best product on the market . my skin and hair loves this stuff . your skin is left feeling so healthy .. rapid shipment . will repurchase ..
best color product i have found ! long lasting , easy to use . i just wish they made natural hair colors too !
i give this an okay because i just bought it and i haven't had a chance to use it yet
the lashes where bent and the hairs fell off . will not re order it was like a bottleg red cherry
worked well , takes 30 min to dry and become peelable , smelled great but caused me to break out the second time i used it
this product did nothing for me . it is basically a lotion . this did not wash my face or moisturize it . it is not what i expected .
packs a punch and perfect for travel . it even can be used as a concealer . its a must have for people that travel .
these just sparkle like you can't imagine , very easy to apply and wonderful over other colors or on their own , very happy with them
i have bought this mist around 5 times , its my favorite moisturizer - not too heavy , just right . perfect for summer as well :d
nice light gray 100 % bentonite clay . powder is a very nice fine texture-then you add water . my skin has improved noticeably after just a few uses .
very nice palette , good variety of colors for all skin tones . however i wished it had a little more red tone colors . overall good palette
makeup arrived in one piece and in perfect condition , always love my shany makeup . colors are vibrant and wear well .
didnt realize when i purchased this it was the large size . love the smell and so do all my coworkers
this stuff is awesome ! my hair drinks this up whereas it hates coconut oil by itself . a little goes a long way so don't over do it .
it's a lavender bubble bath at a very reasonable price . don't expect fancy oil slicks on your bathtub , just a nice scent and decent bubble action .
it's just an adorably cute shower cap which , if you've ever used a shower cap you can appreciate that . it's pretty and works well .
wonderful in everyway , use it every couple days.makes face feel soft . feel as though it gets rid of all dirt deep down . ♥ it .
for hair and skin this gets an a + it does not leave anything feeling oily or greasy at all . nice very light smell to it .
good buy have bought before would reccommend fast ship great price very easy thankyou will order again as always would recommend to others very easy to use
i applied foundation on the sponge and like nothing went on my face then i decided to try with nail polish and do and ombre effect and nothing
this cologne is exactly what i expected . the fragrance is outstanding and the price is worth every once ... i paid for.llm
this is perfect for setting my homemade lip glosses and lipsticks . i like them . they are the perfect size . i really like them .
this product did not allow bare minerals face powder to sit on top without falling into expression lines on the face .
the brushes i received do not fit into my clarisonic . i don't think there is much more to say.not recommended . prisrob 06-04- 13
i just love the smell of this stuff and also it feels so soothing when i put it on my face . very nice product
i use this product for pimple cream and i just love it . it heals my pimple the next day . i would recommend it as a pimple cream .
i love this product ! it does a great job helping to keep my cuticles in great shape and looking awesome !
bit difficult to use . appears much easier in the description but it does take practice
love this product . it is helping my natural nails stay strong and grow out . it also helps to keep nails from absorbing polish colors .
i have always used perfect 10 for my hair color and the price was just right , i recommend it to anyone
great stuff for your eyelashes or your eyebrows to keep in place . been using this for a long time and don't think i'll ever move away from it !
i live in the ne , this is the best . hard winter , great product for your skin ! !
my daughter is in the last trimester and ran out , so she asked for another package of this great product .
cute , but not all even in size . looks weird with one on each nail so i use them on the accent nail or thumbs only .
i loved this design . its light and flashy ! def recommend brand and color ! i will be buying this soon again !
the cases are quite small but this is also a cheap product ! the colors are beautiful and work very well !
this it a great base and top coat ... it drys fast and works great for my nails ... looks great :)
these are long , feathery and gal looking : 3 if you are into lolita or gyaru i would reccomend these . they are very soft too .
this was not a good purchase i am stuck with it the hair doesnt curl at all , i waisted my money .
my most beautiful wife ( 59 years old but looks 35 years old ) swears by olay products . olay pro-x are wonderful products . highly recommended .
this didn't do much for me but it worked well for my brother . so five stars .
i use this to do french tip on myself by dipping it in alcohol and swiping the line clean and it works wonderfully .
i used this on the tips of my nails with the hot pop pink as the base color and it looks great !
i haven't used them a lot but i'm getting ready to do my nails so i'm hoping it will help lean over the base coat bottle that's getting empty .
i have not changed mascara since high school . this is my new go to mascara , easy to apply and no clumps .
this is a good buy , different size half pearls , would recommend and qwould buy again when needed . good for price
i keep coming back to this tinted moisturizer . it is the only thing i have ever used that looks natural . i also love that it's non comedogenic .
i love how this lotion feels on my skin , feels smooth and moisturizing , part of my anti-aging regimen . will definitely repurchase .
this shampoo made my hair look like hay after just one use . had never tried an abba products before this and definitely won't use any in the future
i bought this as a gift and it is good product . recommend if you want something as a gift or want to use it for yourself .
cute color , though not as vibrant as pictured , takes a few coats to get the color pay off i was looking for .
i love all of the olay products . this one made my face feel so nice and velvety smooth . hope olay continues to make this product .
great for the price ! i love these ! they are colorful , useful , and work well ... they come in the different sizes and are super cheap .
i have a lot of hair and this shower cap was a perfect fit ! it's super cute and comfortable too :)
what else can my daughter and i say these products are great and we love the entire line thanks for being there and the prices are fantastic
i can't give a fair review on this , because i haven't used it yet . will revise this review when i finally do use it
carls daughter , first time using it and it's good , but i don't like the smell . it's not a bad smell but not a good on either
these are super small , i mean this thing is ridiculously small , but it works well , and looks really cute on my nails !
after some research , i found those as i was looking for various colored mascara . vivid colors , stays on very well .
i've been using these to help shape my eyebrows . they work well , and you can't beat the price for how many you get .
it's not like there is some super rave you give about body wash . it's body wash . it smells good . i feel clean after i use it .
i am so happy about this set ! there are many different designs . these plates are very easy to use and don't require the konrad stamping polish .
this stuff works awesome to fade old scars . you have to use it often to see a difference though . it's a little pricey but well worth it !
another great stylish brush case with so many brushes for all your needs . they are so soft.the price is so right and inexpensive for such quality .
it leaves a good smell and also my hair doesn't feel weird , it gets a very soft texture , but like extremely clean , but not frizzy .
used this wig for my catwoman and mileena cosplay and just have to say i just love this wig . it feels real and easy to take care of
you get a bulk for your dollar and it works just great ! the buffer is easy to use and you get plenty for your money !
i received this pallet as a gift from my friend and i even went and bought another . i use them as gift favors for my birthday .
these are the best invention ever for holding together all manner of twists and buns . i love them ; won't ever be without them
no fragrance , lightweight , does not feel tacky , uses titanium and zinc oxide , which block rays that are not blocked by other sunscreens . very nice .
i've been looking for a good yellow eyeshadow that will show up on my skin and this is perfect ! it's super pigmented and goes on smoothly .
the wig is a little small and the colour combo is a little odd . i'll see if i can accessorize it well :) )
this brushes are sooooo useful for designs ... and hint hint i use one to outline my lip when doing my lipstick
not bad last along time you only need a lil bit to go along way !
but dont forget to shaike it before use , when you applay it on your skeen its so soft as if you didnt put any make up
this quality is good and smell good , this is the best type of soap purchased the black , thanks ، thanks ,
too oily & sheer - waste of money ! colors are strange - this seems like some weird type of oily face paint - settles into creases .
six super pretty magnetic nail polishes ! love that shany came out with these , so much fun and the bottles are cute ;)
my wife loves this dryer it work's just as good as they say ! ! the price was great you can not go wrong
i love that this reduces and helps camouflage dark circles ! i use this during the day and i do not need additional under eye concealer .
this product it great when first applied it feels wet , but soaks in so quickly , best ever the itchy dry hands and red cracks are going away .
i am still breaking out . i keep using until i run out . not sure why i even purchased this . thumbs down pca
didn't count to see how many were actually in . but it's a lot . good quality . i would recommend . good buy .
love this product ! easy to use , works great , no problem if you get it in your eyes , feels good going on , love love love !
liked wen but not the styling creme although not all wen worked good for me lavender smell was not real
this works nicely for back feet sturdy and can use as hand brush , good first time purchase of this product ,
so far so good . i love hyaluronic acid . it is the same ingredient as in juverderm . i have had no reactions to it . i am happy
i get the full set at a very good price and they are very good quality and is worth to buy it like this
didn't like the smell initially but really love it.face doesn't get oily even after walking outside under the sun for hrs.my extremely sensitive skin loves this product ! ! !
love this skin serum--goes on easily but does not feel greasy = = i would definitely purchase product again and would recommend it
i'm sure this brush works great ! however , it is smaller than i had anticipated . if you want large this is not the size you want .
my skin gets really dry and itchy . i love this lotion . it doesn't have a strong smell and isn't greasy . i hate greasy lotion .
i continue to get their line of products and i am not disappointed . it will help with my skin problems to naturally heal my dry skin .
this is the perfect kit for the everyday women or even makeup artists . the name does this product justice ! this is all you need .
i should say that this item is a real deal . all in one and i love the color combination . thanks ,
only got 10 colors and of the 10 colors some were only one roll the rest were all pink . pretty dissapointing .
conceals well , not much to say . haven't used to much lately ! i like how light it feels on my skin .
never used eye shadow base before this but i have to say i cant go without it now ! love it !
i'm becoming more and more aware of what i put into my body and what i use on it . this is a very good soap .
fekkai is a good brand . my granddaughter is a stylist . she gave me a different brand that i prefer to use .
exactly what the description says and got here quickly . i love my clarisonic . i'm so glad i found a place to purchase affordable replacement brush heads
your product is fantastic and i would recommend it to others . the downfall unfortunately it dried up so fast in the tube and was a tacky mess
colors are very beautiful and go well together to create a custom look . they all are pigmented - even the lighter colors ! i would repurchase and recommend !
color is lighter than i would have liked . will keep it because it is inoffensive and doesn't reek like many polishes .
very nice product for females for healing n moisterizing as well as helps with itching . i highly recommend . jus us as needed
very creamy and smooth pigmentation is good will purchase again ! love all the different colors can also use as lip liner !
something to keep all the konad templates in order and in one place i decided to buy this ... its well made and i am happy with my purchase .
i wanted this to work so badly since it's natural but it didn't do anything for my acne . it's a waste of money .
this is a nice sheer pink color . négligée is my favorite but this is a close second . cnd products are awesome !
it does the job . it just takes a while . but with time i'll get use to it . i love it .
this is incredible soap . it not only cleans your face but it makes your skin glow and clearer at the same time . i loved it .
love the sponges love the cleaner , hate the price , really makes your makeup look pretty though . my foundation looks way more natural
these images stamp very well . i have not had a problem with them as i have had with some others . this is a good buy for the price
dried out my sensitive skin . smell and texture are fine but it seems to strip too much oil on my face each time i use this .
i looked for this after having a pedicure in a salon and writing down the name of the color and product used . i received and it is great .
perfect amount of sparkle ! just what i was looking for . perfect for doing cheetah print or even regular nail designs .
nessessary to work withbut need more for much idea and planning to make some money on the side.this could become a great money maker .
this is just a 10 % benzoyl peroxide cream . it's just as good as any other 10 % benzoyl peroxide and you can't beat the price .
does a good job strengthing hair can't use a lot will be oily so use at bed time wash hair in morningdoes great
i love this shampoo . you honestly don't need conditioner after using it , however , i still do to get that extra softness . i have thick hair .
i love the hair blower . lots of power . i gave it 4 stars because the concentrator attachment keeps falling off
crap . i have tried every organic hair product on the market and no matter what they just don't work as well as the stuff with chemicals . sorry .
i use this every night after cleansing and toning to keep my skin hydrated . i love it . face feels so soft after rinsing in the morning :)
really cleanse my face ! ! i love this products ! i use it before i apply my hyaluronic acid . feel amazing together !
it's just about the same as any other mid-range priced hairspray . it does not give you helmet head and holds with very natural look .
it is really hard to find an orange lipstick . they almost always have too much pink in them . this is a true orange .
i like the texture of this product and i like the smell , not sure if it has made me look years younger yet .
i had my doubts about these press on nail polish tabs , but they work easily and look terrific . i highly recommend these .
this product is right up there with the more expensive similar products offered by nioxin . adds density & volume and does not leave hair sticky .
this really is the best brush ever . it actually combs through my thick 4b hair . deman always delivers the best quality . dont heitate to buy .
this is a good quality nail polish . it stays on longer than most others and it's such a delicate , pretty , pearly color .
i really love this product and have used it for years . i have sensitive skin and eyes , and this was recommended to me by my optometrist .
i used to buy this brand at target , but they discontinued this type . you get a nice precise line that wears all day with this liner .
i love having so many options because it comes in so many . i am so happy to have bought it
works great , cheap . i just ordered my second one . works about 6 months , then time to replace it with new needles .
if your on a budget than you will b happy with the purchase . i prefer the elf stippling brush over this one . however , they both work
this concealer is amazing and gives truly amazing coverage ! the price was also great . i plan to purchase again soon .
again they are not rhinestones , can hardly even see them ! very difficult to even pick one up ! how can you call this prem quality ?
this is great ! goes on very easy and smooth . dries fast . no streaking . no chipping . highly recommend ! very good value as well .
we love this ! ! it's so easy to apply and you can't beat the price ! ! it comes with everything you need . definitely will buy again !
nice shany nail plates . many nice designs on these plates and they transfer color very well using your nail stamp . easy to work with !
best eyeshadow brushes / detail brushes i ’ ve used . they ’ re perfect for the everyday eyeshadow users . the brow brush is perfect and gentle .
it's not nearly as bright as the picture . it's actually more of a deep metallic blue . i'm actually pretty bummed about it .
i found out about this on youtube natural hair community , and i love the smell and texture of this products .
i am still hopping to see better results , and i may order another one since every one say i should use hyaluronic acid with my derma roller .
i mix my own fragrance oils and this makes it so easy to make small batches . also easy to pack in purse and carry on plane .
i love bright funky nails but every now and then you can't beat a professional looking french . this kit has all you need for that classic look !
used it two times and a huge blind pimple , i never break out , so going back , plus my skin looks shiny
clear , thin , yet gives the most beautiful lashes i have ever seenand no mess putting them on :) :)
the box was smashed when i got it . product wasn't harmed . it wasn't anything amazing , it does leak a lot though .
not the best product . had it a year + and have only used it 2-3 times . just not what i expected .
i love the smell this leaves in my room . i use an electric diffuser , so i can enjoy the full impact of the scent . very nice .
these come in lots of shapes and sizes , so you can use them to make different designs . recommend using tweezers .
liked the smell but thought a bit pricey for the size . come with little plumeria in the bottle cute touch .
hbkhb jhb jhb jhb jhb khb khb khb khbk hbjh bib i bkj bkj b hbjh i hbkhb . bi gib
has a lot of images that are similar to one another , so it almost feels like a waste of money . stamping quality is nice though .
excellent 5 stars , i love this item so easy to use works great . i recommend fully
to neutralize a peel and it works , but i still felt tingling sensation even though the chemical peel was very mild . would i buy again ? maybe not
this is very strong . so if you like really strong perfume it's ok . i love jasmine scent bu this is just too strong for me .
great quality ! i believe this is just a good as a mac brush . looking forward to purchasing more sigma brushes .
i am happy with these . just starting to do acquire the supplies to do my own nails , and these seem perfect for a beginner .
i use this day and night and love it . my skin runs a little dry and this works well for me .
good price , nice scent . i bought this item as an add-on this is my first time buying this " flavor " . cant go wrong with softsoap .
olay regenerist microdermabrasion & peel system 1 kit i use this twice a week in the night , it is good
the price of the product was great , and the quality is fine too . i use lashes for photo shoots here and there and this does the trick .
i love this one & would order it again ! goes on easily with lasting color . you will be pleased . buy it !
not as dark as i thought nothing special till u add some sparkle to it then it wonderful and elegant looking so if u buy buy a glitter gel too
this soap does miracles mix this with the xtreme brite gel and you will see some amazing and statisfying results in no time ! !
really good value , thins out other polishes well too . wish it didn't have such a strong smell . recommend if you're a seche topcoat user .
it's amazing for applying blush ! it's a heavier hand than using a stippling brush but light enough to avoid packing on too much color ! love .
i love the smell but i think this product was a major cause of facial breakout . still use it into hair though .
these eye pencils are amazing ! they look great , they last all day ... and the colors are fantastic ! they are a great price a must have !
i got it cheaper than local supermarket ( $ 4.50 ) . i like the product . it leaves your skin smelling fresh and moisturized .
so freaking cute ! zebra ? how perfect . this is a great , sturdy case with a place to organize everything . perfect for on-site jobs .
there is a good variety of gems and designs to play with . i can't say i like the container very well but that is just my preference .
i love the scent of this moisturizer . i've been using this for a month now and i love how this made my skin smooth and pimple free .
i have only used it while my hair was straight but i hope its just as good on my natural curly hair
you can't really beat 3000 stones , especially for the price . the case keeps them sorted securely and there are a bunch of different colors .
streaky streaky streaky . where it's not streaking it looks orange and clearly fake , then it takes a while to wash off . disappointed :(
all the ingredients i like to use on my face in one easy , creamy application . i use morning and night . my skin feels smoother and brighter .
i just received this today and haven't tried it as yet , but it sounds like it will be awesome : )
this color isnt for me . it does not go with my skin tone . but is the one advertise . i didnt realize . thank you
i love no 7 products.your skin feels great in the morningnot too greasy ... just right & does the trick
most perms i can watch my hair going straight before it dries . this one holds well and i'm happy with it .
i mix this with cocoa butter and it really gives my legs a great feeling ! it makes my legs soft all day long !
has a little red in it , but a pretty pink-orange-red , like a sunset . very pretty color
the dove antiperspirant works well and does not irritate the underarm skin . if you have had that issue give this product a try .
great supplement . easy to swallow . my skin is glowing and my nails grow so quickly and strong .
this brushes were suggested by my dermatologist and the twin pack is a great deal as they are a little expensive .
can't beat the price ! it's a great clean polish , super shiny ! seems to dry pretty fast for a " non-fast drying " polish !
the gel formula is very easy t take on the eya and it's absorubeat fast but i have hope it's sholud give more effect.but good for allergy skin
this is not black or grey or brown . it is like a mixture of all 3 . i have enjoyed this colr and out sparkle on top .
a waste of money for me . i am way to oily for this thin papers . i used several at a time to get the job done .
works well although $ $ $ . however for tanners great because you'll get the most out of your tanning dollars .
i'm a fan of this toner & find that with my oily skin it doesn't make it worse ( or really better ) . but the smell is nice .
didn't work for me and it tangled my hair.so , had to return it . it really depends on ur hair type ..
it is a little thin so it takes a couple of coats as most nailpolishes do but looks great afterwards !
yea sure love the shatter ! very very beautiful colors ! just love the effect they gives . very happy with my purchase .
it didn't fit in my machine . they didn't replace it , and now im afraid to buy more because i don't want to waste any more money .
batiste is hands down my favorite dry shampoo , i have tried many others but will never again . only batiste for me from here on out !
i have had problems with my eyes watering and my liner and mascara running . this does not happen with this product . love it !
perfect nail wipes for gel polish , clean and lint free , only need one for both hands . great price and super fast shipping .
the base for make up is used for better appearenca of your skeen even without any pouder after , but you should use it in complex with foundation
i have big eyes and long eyelashes and this mascara works great . it gives me even more length and definition .
perfect gold color . stays on . i like to make it thick and put a thin black line over it . love
soap , nice color , cleans well , and smells good . it doesn't last long , so i suppose that's a good thing overall .
i got this in red looks more pink and it feel and looks very cheap and real heard to brush
this does a good job of removing grease and grime . it must contain a moisturizer because it leaves my skin smooth and soft .
three stars because it does not show as well as the konad black and the konad white . will still use it but i prefer a more dramatic look .
love these ! they were as described . scents are great . work well and what an awesome price for 6 ! will be buying these again .
i am a big fan of all " blinc " products since they are long lasting . the primer works as it should .
these are by far the best brushes i have ever used . the quality is superb and the brushes are so soft . i love them .
totally love it . it works perfectly for me . once in a while is absolutely necessary and it saves you . b
the color of this lip liner is great , but the product itself is extremely dry and thin , making it difficult to apply . i will not re-purchase .
this product is wonderful . i use it everyday .. it works and will be repurchased . a bit expensive , but does just what it's suppose to .
lmao , extra long my booty . this wig isn't long at all . it is straight , not curly as described . bad stitches and thin .
it does nothing for hair loss . i used it for about a year , saw no improvements at all . leaves the hair dry
i'm a perfume connoisseur and i am in love with this scent ! ! i will definitely be trying more of paris hilton's perfumes !
reasonably priced indoor tanning lotion , decent smell , goes on smoothly . definitely a good tanning lotion for the price.added boost for tanning .
it even my skin tone well . i use it a lot and the drops are what i was looking for .
gems are in individual compartments are easy to access and to use . colors are a nice choice . add the bling .
love it love it love it - light weight and helps nourish curly hair ends - smooth - no build up
let's just say i ordered two bottles at a time , and the 2nd bottle has just been sitting in my bathroom cabinet . not too happy about un-natural ingredients
we use this intense sealer at cosmetology school ! it's even better on your regular nails as well . you will need a curing led 45 watt lamp .
cmon guys ... no instruction booklet ? a few starter tips to lovely nails ? these have proven worthless to me . i am disappointed !
this is so easy for me to apply even without glasses and it dries in seconds so you can apply the rest of eyeshadow
i used this product and i did not see a big difference in my dark circles and bags . trying something else .
i guess there's not too much to say about this product . it is a nice clarifying shampoo , and i enjoy the smell .
nice change to supplement my other eye cream . i believe in changing off to keep the product working and this product works okay for a switch off .
i purposefully chose eucalyptus , and i haven't been disappointed . i love inhaling this strong minty smell . it opens up the cavities - thank you .
i like this , it does exactly what it says . i would use this over other waxes . it is not shiny .
seems to work well for my sons very tight curls . it does sometimes cause a little pain but that may be user error ...
great body scrub . the smell is really great and it made my skin very soft . i will continue to buy this
these are cute , not the best quality . they don't stick easily and they get stained fast . these are made of plastic .
this is really a great product . it does everything that it claims it will do . i even wrote a blog post about it at kendallpersonalfitness.blogspot.com
they re flimsy and one broke off and i had to reglue it . i think i need strong brushes to work with but they do have a nice selection
i love the sigma e30 pencil , it works wonderfully for me , it's everything i thought it would be and more.its really lovely
i love it . i love all of the wen products . my hair has never been so soft . i am so glad i tried the wen system .
just what you need in this little kit . just like the ones they use in the salons where they do your nails at .
this is not a eye liner is pretty much a marker . the tip came out dry and it was not smooth at all .
i love seche vite , it dries so quickly and gives my nails the best shine to them . its the best topcoat i have used .
i love this fragrance . it's long-lasting and has an oriental scent with underlying notes of patchouli . it's very mysterious and sexy . i highly recommend it .
this mascara is very clumpy and goes on way too thick . i'm sure it may be good for your lashes but it looks horrible .
i love this product i just wish they sold it in a bigger bottle . it smells so good that i use it ever week .
no happy with purchase . they rip very easily . can't even remove them from the backing without ripping . don't waste your money .
i love the smell of this . i've used this for more than 10 years i've changed up my smell and always end up coming back
this eye cream feels really good on the skin yet is not thick or eye-watering like some creams i've tried . it is a very clean feeling product .
i have the 6 13 cleansing conditioner and love it , this stuff is okay but i like the cleansing conditioner a lot .
i have scars from a surgical procedure . this product covers the scar completely . it has an amazing professional finish . great product .
i love this moisturizer it makes my skin feels so smooth and nourished . i love all of dr . murads products .
doesnt worth the price and i stopped to used it after i did my keratin because this is not sulfatew free
it's a nice soap that even my husband likes to use . it smells nice , it's gentle , and it works . what else can you ask for .
i'm no professional but with these brushes and a few youtube videos i am pretty close ... these brushes are great and there are so many . great purchase !
i don't know why they don't tell you the size of it . it's basically for little girls . no , thank you .
holds nice but just a little crunch but not bad . good smell . i really like this spray compared to the moroccan oil one i was using .
this is an excellent curler , which is like the older spongie tipped curlers from years ago , which i liked the best . this is it !
but is not to big i dont like the lipstick colors and some are shadows are brokencome on time
it works ! ! ! need i say more but i must to meet the word quota . after 5 minutes your nails fill completely dry
my beauty diary is competitive in china market . this is my favorite mask . i am really happy that i can buy it in usa
this color is very pigmented , lasts all day.affordable and wearable . i just wish it wasn't as much of a coral color . still nice though .
its not very oily - hair still seems dry after using it - dont know if it works at all
just wanted to see if it would make my healthy hair even thicker . didn't think it did , but maybe i just didn't notice .
needed a dual voltage hair dryer for europe . can't believe how tiny it is and how well it works . perfect for travel .
it was ok . i mean like i would purchase it again.it cute and easy to carry around . just wish it had more space ..
these polishes are pretty great . the six pack of colors are very vibrant and the price was good . i'm officially a fan of kleancolor nail lacquers .
water field is a must have color that is great for layering over other colors or using by itself for a french manicure .
not too heavy and has a very nice scent and the price is very reasonable . i would purchase again .
the title of the review sums it up . it doesn't do a darn thing ! save your money and get ... anything else .
this is the perfect teasing comb . this is my 2nd time buying this comb because it works - definitely is the best i've ever owned .
very pigmented product . a must buy for woc . i had my doubts at first , but i'm glad i gave bh cosmetics a chance .
i love love love this liquid i use it with another brand powder its perfect it does not lift and its ok to use with any brand powder
can't beat this mascara for your everyday go-to . gets better with a few days to dry up a little after opening .
i use this with the simple smoothing facial scrub , and it has done wonders for my face .
1 . it was cheaper 2 . the bottle contained more in it 3 . it wasn't petroleum based which is toxic and over time destroys your skin
nice white color that is perfect for the french manicure . can also be used for detailing or design work , love cnd .
i place lavender soap in with my lingerie and sweaters . the cologne gives a gentle lavender scent from just a spritz .
i use this product everyday , love it . can not live without ... it give my thinish , flat hair the lift it needs
i love the la girl pro concealer's but i picked the wrong color - it may look better once my skin gets darker this summer .
these are great ! they are very nicely packaged and are double sided with all different sized balls . the colors are really nice to !
super prety i love this look on my nails with some lacey design it is awsome and my kids love it to
this product really reduces acne over night . i recommend this especially for teens . this takes care of acne without drying out their skin .
it's a great polish . super easy to apply . top quality and worth the money . i definitely would buy it again .
i love using these things . and way cheaper here than walmart . love to use them .. i also use them doing nail art
this is the best cleanser i have ever used . foams great . cleans great . leaves skin feeling great . stocked up asap .
has to be the best smelling conditioner on the planet ! works wonders on fine , thin hair and gives incredible shine and volume . love this product !
great for both cream and liquid foundation . easy to use . watch the video to use correctly . soft on my face .
it was inexpensive so i did not mind that it broke after i was a little rough with it . would recommend .
this color is very similar to opi red . it is great for year round saturated color . this is a true red .
it is better than it looks in the picture . it is made of good material and it is in good size and reasonable weight .
not sure if this product is helping or not . have to use it a little longer to see the effects on my skin .
topix is a good product , if you have thinning hair . it is easy to use , and does the job that it is supposed to do .
its workable brushes some one of them is to thick for lines but they are all decent brushes i like them i dont love them but they are ok .
i love obsession , and everybody around me loves how i smell ... i have been using obsession for 15 years and it is awesome ! !
exactly as described and so easy to apply . my girls and i have had so much fun creating new designs on our nails .
nice cleanser ! this help to keep my skin clean and it works great with the machine . other cleanser does not work as well .
it takes a couple tries to apply it without getting a little messy but it really works and lasts about a month . i would buy it again .
this product arrived on time and does exactly what it promised ! i use it before i apply cnd shellac products and it works great !
this did nothing for me at all . would not reccommend at all . many other products out there that are really really good for a lower price even !
easier to layer my hair and trim my ends . perfect for when i don't want to deal with the salon
i use this product every day and it always takes all my face make up off with no tight skin feeling .
great blow dryer , only on , off switch , works well , leave hair a tad bit smoother . cute and light weight . would recommend .
smells nice but takes awhile to sink into skin , face feels wet for awhile . i don't care for that , i'm always in a rush .
it is ok ! thought it would retain heat better but over all i can use the wrap for deep conditioning
got the wrong light . but i keep it . it's not bad product . i was doing my nail my selfs love it .
i ordered 3 packs of nail art brushes and these are my fave ! the brushes are a little more stiff which i wanted for freehand drawing
this powder disappointed me . it didn't stay on my skin and it didn't provide any coverage . the brush is crappy as well . would not buy again .
a little expensive but very good fragrance and left my hands clean and soft . did the job would re order if on sale .
amazing clarifying shampoo ! it smells fantastic , makes my hair feel super soft and has been incorporated into my weekly routine .
this is my favorite soap , i love the peppermint ! a little drying but still very good . i love dr . bronners !
it firmed my skin and brightened my skin . texture showed improvement after 2 months of using this . i will consider b5 for my skin .
my son's curly hair like this product . it does keep them shiny and lose . the scent is great , and it is not greasy .
it seems like an ordinary hair gel to me . nothing special . not even a volume on my hair . it's trash .
thse work great . perfect shave every time . i like how there are five in a package . i also like the color . no problems .
tired of buying the expensive stuff so i tried this and it works as well as any of the $ 15 + product s i use
i have tried so many different shades of gray & this is the perfect shade ! it is very long lasting color . thank you ! !
i have enjoyed the product . it has been a few months . it works well and i have gotten many compliments on it .
very suitable for women over the age of 40y . my wrinkles around the eyes definitely decreased . i recommend it strongly to all ladies !
great product that i use on my face almost everyday , i need to clear an feel better on what i do for myself .
i love it . i have this one before . its awesome product so affordable to used . i will recommend this to everyone .
i love glitter and theses colors are very pretty . this was a must have for my nail art collection . so shinny and sparkly .
this is a great sexy scent for anyone who loves to leave an impression ! long lasting for a great price !
but took long to come . be prepared to wait . also , don't wash out too well . xxx xxx xxx xxx xxxx
i love this cleanser , it goes great with the olay cleansing system . gives me a deep clean , leaving me with a deep clean .
loved these . a must have for anyone who likes to design their nails with ease . i'd recommend these to anyone .
i like this cleanser . it takes both eye and face makeup off easily . the tube is great for travel ease ...
it is not the texture i expected . i thought it would be softer to the touch . but it is brittle . it does the job , though .
i purchased this product to make a homemade beauty paste . very affordable and it will last sometime , best of all my beauty recipe worked .
chloe is a fragrance you will never get tired of wearing - i now have various travel sizes so i never have to be without it
i love this polish , nice for holidays and year round . good for layering but also for wearing alone . would recommend
this make up kit has everything in it , brushes too it's amazing.weighting only four pounds . i love it . i can take it anywere .
i love this cream ! i used it during my first pregnancy and i didn't get any stretch marks and i'm using it again .
i like this product so far . i need to use it awhile longer to see how it performs . so far so good .
too small for me to notice any differnce . this would take hours each day and i'm simply not that enthused .
this is a great price for the amount of product . i was surprised by how giant the bottle is ! love this scent on my boyfriend !
love sigma ! every says my makeup looks so good since i started using sigma . i never realized brushes really do much that much of a difference !
used it with no results as of yet ... will rate again later after i give it a decent try .
works great as a base and makes colors pop =) perfect consistency so i'm a happy camper . product came on time and was packaged nicely .
i absolutely love the product . it works perfectly and fits comfortably into my hand . i can't wait to use it more !
cutest comb i ever saw . it does comb without tangling . just wish it had beenlonger . arrived quickly and in good condition.thank you !
this has a light scent and makes a great massage oil or we have used it just as an after shower moisturizer too !
i like its covering and soft sensation on my face it is realy good i recommend this stuff for every one
i love this cap . i use it every week for my deep conditioning hair treatments . i highly recommend this product .
love this cream . make your skin so soft and smooth . doesn't leave a greasy scum on your body . nice smell .
love this perfume , it smells great and lasts all day . i've received alot of compliments . i would definitely recommend this to anyone .
i bought several of these . they work great and you have enough that if you lose them ( and i always do ) , you have more !
very durable nails and the color is very pretty and spot on . these nails are great for every day use !
first time buying this . always on lookout for good conditioner . this smells wonderful , nice clean smell , not overpowering . will buy again .
neither great nor awful . for the price , i have no complaints , but sleek is definitely better and more pigmented for people on a budget .
love these ! ordering another set today ! cheap price , great brushes that look pretty too . cant go wrong with these brushes !
la girl pro conceal concealer is a great product . it is recommended by a lot of makeup artist . now i can see why .
this product is wonderful i use this everyday and sometimes multiple times per day.these never dry out and always leave my face feeling fresh and clean .
less talk is a beautiful deep pink color . mine cures and wears beautifully . it is at the top of my favorite soak off gel colors .
i love this eyelashes they are easy to put in . the only negative is that it does not bring the glue but oh well
this may work for some but this was not the product for me , but don't take my word for it , it may work for you !
this stuff hasn't completely removed the full-sized pieces of luggage sitting below my eyes , but it has certainly replaced it with carry-ons . i'm sold .
i have very sensitive skin . many toners irritate or burn my skin . this doesn't ! good toner without having to spend much either .
great smell and it seems to work well . it is a good product that i would definitely recommend to others .
it's an okay product ; the correction creams could be a little softer in consistency . does a fair job of covering up .
this plate works very good ! i am very happy with it , the heart combined with hello kitty's face looks super cute .
i use this to put baby oil on my lashes after i take my mascara off ... it was a must have for me .
it is just okay , its very light . some of them are shimmery which i dont like , but not worth it
i love this ! it smells amazing without all the harsh perfumes that normally accompanying shampoos this fragrant and it really does put a beautiful shining in your hair .
looking for a simple neutral with a bit of shimmer lipgloss ? this is it ! ! it beats mac . nars is so much better !
my skin loves this stuff , havente even tried the other scents yet ! soft sudsy gentle exfoliating and non drying ... had to buy more .
i like the way it smells . i also love the way it made my ends shine and look healthy . i love all the s factor products .
i recently received a nail stamper for christmas and ordered these plates . received them today ... i love the designs and the stamps look great on my nails !
use this after a strenuous workout if i'm in a lot of pain . it helps relieve the tension and i sleep better . helps with anxiety to .
this product leaves my face feeling so clean and resfreshed . i feel like i have went to a high price day spa . great product . will buy again
love this perfume in the summer . soft smell and reasonable price . i recommend it to anyone looking for something not too expensive and smells yummy.great product !
these have been a fun addition to the nail art menu . they have a high quality look to them without being extremely expensive .
i ordered this for my daughter an she loves it . really helps protect her hair when she uses her flat iron .
i don't really like these very much . they are very greasy when applied . you get what you pay for , i guess .
makes hair feel soft and smooth . smells so good-like coconut , no artificial smell.no sulfates ! feel good about using a shampoo with less chemicals .
i like the cream . i noticed a slight difference . only issue i had was with dual dispenser . one ran out before the other .
the colors and packaging were just as pictured . i love this brand . it is a quality item that is great for sensitive skin .
i am very happy i got this lipstick , it has a nice pink color and spreads beautifully , will highly recommend
i couldn't see or feel anything ... it didn't work for me , i'm not sure about the effectiveness so its going back !
i regretted buying this cologne before trying it at a store . it's not a very good smelling perfume to me . sorry sarah !
this doesn't work at all , waste of money , uses a lot of batteries . i was desperate enough to try anything , but this product is terrible .
this is very good product , and the price on amazon was even better ! i was very happy to find it as cheap as i did .
this is really good product . it has a mild scent , and it lasts 24 hours just fine . it didnt give me irritation at all
a drop on each cheek after cleansing at night smooths over the lines and relaxes your skin for the night . noticeably great feeling .
i love these , they are such nice colors work well , very happy with my purchase they are so pretty on .
i really like the shade . it was just what i expected . i would order it again . i wish they would take at least a dollar off .
love it i was having hard time trying to find it now i know where i can get it i just love it
true these are so tiny that i almost was wow what a little thing can make a big deference in the nail .
i only use flathead brushes . i usually get goody but i liked the design on this , so got it . i love it ! !
this is a super cute sushi pouch . it is a real conversation starter . very light weight . i hope it lasts .
doesn't work so well with uv light . maybe it needs the opi dryer .
this is by far the best little sharpener i've had the pleasure of using . fits in my makeup bag and empties easily
love this color . its a cream color with some pinkish and it shimmers too . i did two coats and loved the end result .
hydrates well with out leaving my skin oily feeling . i am not sure what more to say about this product except that it is a good value .
my eyebrows have never looked better . easy to use and lasts . i have several girls at work addicted now too . would recommend to anyone .
this was a great product for me when i needed a quick manicure on the go and did not have time to hit a nail salon .
this stuff works perfect ! i would recommend to a friend and i think the price is great as well since one piece can be used for long .
just buy it . buy it . buy it.you really should , so creamy , pigmented , amazing . the colors ! take your breath awaybuy it
love the smell , price and results from this product . last a long while and it is less expensive than most products of its kind .
i have used these products for about 6 years . i love how they go on and stay all day . long .
- always clear up my acne-i usually use them twice per day but sometimes i'll just use one if my skin starts to feel dry-very good price
iexactly what i wanted as for as glitters . i do nails and these are great for my designs i create
makes my lips feel good and i'm not usually a lipstick kinda gal . i was surprised at how well i liked the look of this .
this is such a great deal , you can get about three conditions from one pack and it leaves your hair silky smooth .
my husband had used these ivory bars forever . anything else makes his skin break out . these are truly pure of all additives .
what's not to like . this is ivory soap . this is a great price & a perfect solution for stocking up for my family of 6 .
smell is fantastic its thick but goes on smooth good medium tingle only it doesnt really get my legs tan
i love all freeman products . this one is no exception . the charcoal pulls the dirt out of your pores and leaves your skin fresh and exfoliated .
wonderful and light easy to use and light on the face does not show patchy made up face happy with it
i have been wearing this cologne for years and at this price couldn't go wrong with it and it still smells great . ! ! !
love nyx's eye pencils , goes on very smoothly & really pigmented .. i use them when i don't feel like taking a lot of time on my eyeshadow :)
another winner ! i just love this brush and i wish i would have purchased several more . quality is excellent , could not be happier :-)
used this for years , still do , always will . what can i say ? it works ! nice subtle hold & gentle scent .
i can't figure out what to use it for ... it's super soft - i'll have to check on youtube for some tutorials and recos .
got it on time i like it and the nail nipper is a good size not big not small good price
i love these brushes they are nice and soft and when i do my makeup i don't see a lot of fall out .
goes on well and has a great refreshing smell to it's isn't sticky at all and leaves skin very moisturized and refreshed .
i like these just need a bit more practice with them ! but overall a good product ! i got them in like 2 weeks which was a plus !
soft . fair price . good for contouring . go fluffy or go home if you need something for blush or bronzer though . no hair fallout so far .
no more dry skin . i use it everyday all over my body . i wouldn't use anything else . it smells natural .
this is great product for the price , and i love them . i would def recommend them to others especially if you like the clear false nails .
my hair is fine and have problems with it looking limp . this product was good to add volume and shine
does what it says it's suppose to . if you love r / popping , perfect product for you . cheap , would buy again . good
one of the sensitive skin products that i can use on my face without irritation . a decent product from a well-known company .
great adhesive first one i tried and will buy again its gray color and turns darker when applied if you buy will not regret
this eye liner works wonders . i am terrible with liquid eye liner and this makes it very easy to apply !
i ordered this product for a friend . she likes this product because it's good for those who have sensitive skin . she always trust this brand .
i use it under mac liquid foundation and it prolongs its wear . when used under powder foundation ( tarte ) it lessens shine . overall i love it .
this is totally awesome i am loving this eyeshadow to death it is totally awesome and came on atime ! love it
i think this would be a great concealer if i had bought the right shade for my complexion . it is hard to do when you buy online .
those are nice colors , and some are the same , and are in little containers , so you can mix them up .
i use this product all summer without a foundation ; sometimes use it over a sunscreen ; it does a great job and i am very pleased .
yes it lasted all day - heavy ... but contents worried me so i used a few times and ended up recylcing container .
this item is made cheaply and confusing to understand how to use . all directions are not in english . i would not buy this product again .
me encanto este plate de esta compania ... yego en bien ... en cuanto yago me pinter mis unas , muy bueno yo creo q comprare mas de esta compania
really pleased with this purchase . i've had it for a month and use it everyday and so far so good !
it is okay , just have to practice cutting it thin enough . maybe a cutting tool can be included in the package .
not as pictured at all . cute ... i bought to test hair colors before i dyed it . this just didn't turn out as expected .
it's small for the price and it makes your hair soft kinda instead of making it look less greasy but it smells good and i still like it :)
i love the color variety the wheel is very convenient when you are doing different mail designs . i'd definitely recommend this product to others .
these were exactly as described and came with silver and gold ! very pleased with the affordability and accuracy . very neat for nail art !
it doesn't last as long as i'd like it to . it's good for taking pictures but i find myself reapplying it a bit too much .
love the powder and the glitter is very bright and shiny the glitter is very strong and the color does not come off with use of acrylic
i love argan oil and this was the best . no smell and really absorbs easily.good for skin and hair
i love these products . they seem to have a " magical " action on my hair . will definitely order again . great products .
i blend this with other eo's to make an evening face oil and i have found the quality and price to be good and fair .
i don't have overplucked eyebrows but i find that the brows on the stencil are very large . also , hard to use it to actually pencil in brows .
smells really nice , and i assume it's protecting my hair during drying and using straightener and curling irons but don't think it gives much shine .
nice dark color . almost black . goes on smoothly and evenly . i like to wear dark colors i'm the winter . product is great .
my only complaint with these is that they are kinda hard to apply the lashline is very thin and if you use to much glue they move around
it's pretty but way too mini and shallow for holding liquid powder or dipping a brush for the price purchased .
i love this stuff - it goes on so velvety and it makes your skin feel wonderful and look more youthful - will definitely continue use !
detoxed my pores instantly , i have oily skin so it really worked well , thanks !
it did absolutely nothing but dry out my skin . the bar was really small barely lasted 2 weeks . i wouldn't recommend it to anyone .
it became way too soft for me i did not like it at all , it did not give me the scrub i wanted
great anti aging serum .. already helping my skin . feels great when applied . i highly recommend this product
just as the picture showed . shipped quickly , and was pleasantly pleased with the product . the colors are richer and deeper than the picture shows ...
love this powder for setting especially the under eye area ! it has some slight but very minimal shimmer to it but that helps diffuse light and diminish wrinkles .
best brush you could use for concealer or to apply eye base cream . brissels are soft and don't shed . need a sigma store in the phoenix area .
you are better off buying the original beauty blender . did nothing for my foundation and was hard not squishy . do not buy
i like this long rubber stamper i want to try the smaller version just to maybe travel with and to see how much more of an impression ...
its dark red colour i like it coz i bought it for my dark red dress ... its nice colour if u want to match with yr dark red dress
it looks really good and functional . it is best for up-does and hair braids . so glad i got it at the right time .
it's small , and therefore , doesn't work as strong as other stylers might work.it ' s great for travelers , that's for sure .
works great until the combs start falling out ... i'm working with a quarter of a comb at this point.great tool ... just want it to hold up .
i probably should have gotten a different shade , but i like the way it goes on and the coverage . you don't need much to get the job done
stunning scent . i am keeping it in the refrigerator . i feel happy every time i see the bottle in the fridge .
i have thin hair and this teasing brush works very good and fast . a few strikes all you need . i recommend it
this is a bright bright peachy coral color ! ! ! i'm 39 and feel a little too old to be wearing this haha ! ! !
works well , i use it on my skin as a toner ( mixed with water ) and to clear up a pimple . also good for cleaning
i guess you get what you pay for . this was cheap but i was hoping it would work . alas , it is too flimsy .
i really like this brush . nice large paddle . the quality is great . it's a nice hair brush . i recommend it .
i am not sure if this product can really shape you nose . you would have to wear it for hours at a time and daily .
love this . feels light . moisturizes well . smells great . would definately buy again . absorbs fast . really like this cream a lot
this was a very good make up set i loved this . it was cheap and beautiful this was a really good deal
great face cream recommend by a doc now has both am and pm use them both and cost is great to something u can afford and get great results with
shampoo works really well . i hated the smell of this though . it smells like a mens locker room . yuck . ok product , bad smell .
this works great to tame my daughters natural hair . it calms it down makes it look very cute . i don't mind the smell either pleasant all around .
this is a really good eyeshadow for people who like neutrals . it's shimmery , not too glittery but may not be appropriate for work .
i like this mask and it lasts awhile , which is really nice . i wish it didn't have fragrance in it though .
lovve having these around to practice on . high quality , sturdy and at suc h an amazing price . i highly recommend .
love pampering myself ! this smells good - i feel great afterwards - this is very refreshing i enjoy how soft my skin feels afterwards
i have very fair skin so this eyeshadow is a perfect eyebrow and cheek bone highlighter . i only by 2 a year as they last a long time .
i love this hot air brush , it's so versatile heat and brushing at the same time it styles my short hair quick and beautiful .
it makes my bath feel so nice and before they dissolve you can use them for callous removal , which is great .
i ordered this so i would have a basic white to use as a base for some very colorful glitter nail polish . love it .
this was bought for my husband who enjoys it . very citrusy , which smells great on a man's skin . refreshing--definitely a summer scent . long-lasting too .
this product works well . i have noticed a change in the texture of our hair but the smell is somewhat pickley . i will definitely buy it again .
wonderful . works exactly what was said it does . i have decided to use it all year round.have recommended it to a friend
my skin troubles is getting better since i use this wave sonic power cleanser . considering the price , it is really good deal !
this bows r wonderful play with . they really on my nails . they stayed on with no problems . i will order much more .
this stuff is clay in a bottle . it seems to rip through your pores and cause blemishes . way overpriced . no glam glow here .
i love how soft it is . it seems to be a great quality . i love all their brushes i've purchased .
which is funny because i love pink sugar , the original . but this one not so much . good price though . one word
this color is perfect for summer . it's not bubble-gummy or too red . it's a great sophisticated shade that looks great on hands and feet .
it's too oil for daily.but it can be used for repair hand or foot . it's too oil for daily.but it can be used for repair hand or foot .
i apply this while still in the shower . my hair feels so soft and silky the next day ! a total keeper ! ! ! love it !
i love freeman masks and this one is no exception . it smells so good and choc-lately and leaves skin feeling soft and refreshed .
i like this set because it's fun , easy , and fast ! i love it ! and it's enough for my hair as well !
this did nothing waste of money . i put it on for a month on cyst pimples and tiny spots . i still had them .
i only use shu uemura curlers . nothing else compares to them . they fit in the eye and do the job without pinching . this one is perfect .
wow , is all i can say . my hair has never looked healthier than when i use this product to clean it up .
awful ! this does not moisturize at all . not sure what dr . oz was talking bout . sucks ! it does smell good though .
easy to use . gives sour taste to my skin - so no kissing after that - lol - but i think i like it .
neutrogena rapid wrinkle repair , spf 30 , 1 ouncenot sure if i " see " a difference .. but i do feel a difference
really great product . a great gift for anyone that loves being creative with their nails . i still haven't used the entire kit
product was in perfect shape and received timely . have used product for years and love it . would order again from company
this is a great and natural product for oily skin . just make sure to dilute it in water to avoid a skin burn .
i have used the cream all the way to the end . it caused my skin to break out . i will not buy this item again .
a very good product for an unbelievable low price . i bought 2 bottles and it came quickly . i hope you enjoy this product like i do .
it is very affordable and unique fragrance . long lasting for over twenty four hours . a little goes a very long way
good price and great item to have . smell is wonderful and can be used to shave as well which is nice .
i love this stuff . it's definitely on the expensive side , but luckily i don't have to straighten my hair everyday .
what a waste . ill stick with manic panic ! however i am a firm believer that all hair is different . boo .
after my hair was horribly damaged by hard water i found this and it transformed my hair within the first 4 weeks
love this cleanser ; use it with my clarisonic and it cleans my face nicely and my skin feels great . i'll continue to use this product .
didn't take long to ship , and was packaged nicely . good mascara for the price . goes on smooth and doesn't get clumpy or messy .
wears great over moisturizer and under foundation . keeps my makeup less shiny and pores appear smaller . can get this from sally beauty too
they look like they would be small but they are the perfect size . hold up fine i paint my nails once a week .
i absolutely love this product . i had some with keratin but ran out of it . i would certainly purchase again . makes my hair feel fabulous ! !
i didn't like this product . it did absolutely nothing for my face . i could barely see a difference at all .
came quickly and excellent quality ! many sets and each looks nice . the darker for evening and drama while the others are nice enough to wear without mascara !
this color is amazing . if you want a black this is your polish ! it's a really good color in my opinon :)
this is really nice for a day that has been stressful and makes you feel all tense . this soak helps you take it all away .
my hair has never looked better ! the damage seem to be repairing . the serum smells good and is super easy to use
i have used similar ones to these before on my real nails and just love them . they work absolutely wonderful .
i like this product so far . i have only tried it three times , and i could see some slight improvement .
my teens love these nail polish eraser sticks . a great addition to any nail station or nail guru in the house .
really dynamic color , great for the winter . excited to add this to my collection , i'm sure it will be a quick go-to . freaky fast shipping :-)
i didnt see any marks go away and i used it as directed and i would try a another product
i love this product . make sure that you only use is once every two weeks . my hair looks and feels so healthy now .
this is a must have for the stamping plates ... and it works so well ! ! the final results are awesome and look great !
this is the best product i have gotten so far ! i love doing my nails and using all the brushes in the kit .
i found this product to be a waste of money . it burned my eyes and it did nothing for my wrinkles .
makes my hair feel clean , soft and silky . i have very fine blonde hair , and this makes it shiny and full !
perfect size , not too big or too small , very nice colors , i haven't run into an issue they look nice on accent nails .
this collection is fabulous ! the colors are do deep and rich and offer great color payoff . the colors are also unique , which makes them truly great !
i love it---it does not weigh your hair down but definitely controls the frizz.it is great for fine hair.this is expensive but worth every cent .
the serum does seem to be working , although i have not been using it very long . i would definitely recommend .
i have come to really appreciate the quality of essienail products . this fast drying top coat really works ! it dries quickly and leaves a nice glossy shine .
not quite what i expected , but for the price , you can't go wrong . it's difficult to clean compared to my other sponges .
since i purchased age perfect work wonders for me , dark circles and bags under my eyes completely dissapeared , age perfect by l'oreal love it ! !
it really deep cleanses my skin from oils and dirt and leaves the skin clean soft . you feel this product penetrating your pores and feels refreshing .
pantene haiir care products are great and this conditioner is no exception it leaves hair silky smooth.would reccomend this to anyone who has dry hair
i needed an eyeshadow brush and didn't want to spend the money to buy a whole set . this was just what i was looking for .
i bought this brush to use as an everyday for contouring brush . it is soft on the skin and blends very well .
so good . they plump up my face . with makeup , my skin looks great . just started using . stay tuned for more updates if necessary .
i've only used one of my pens so far its grate ithem , i have gotten a lot of things from yall they r cool
as many ladies i have a collection of different fragrances , this one is one of my favorite - light , sophisticated , not irritating .
it's a great dupe for the beauty blender but it's not as great as the original . they are still effective and easy to use with seamless blending !
i am very happy with my purchase .. smells good and absorbs into skin very well . i will buy this product again
i need to reorder this because i'm almost out . smells wonderful . and my husband who dislikes all my perfume really likes this one a lot .
i like a natural look , and this liner provides a precise , thin enough line . i do before eye shadow and have no smear .
i use this product instead of vaseline to moisturize dry nasal passages . it works great and lasts for hours and doesn't smell or burn .
i just bought a local brand cream " equate " with 10 % benzoyl peroxide and that does the job .
these little things work to keep polish tilted at a great angle to keep just enough into the brush area without spills
im always running out of clean eyeliner brushes when doing model's makeup these will come in quite handy so i dont have to clean so many brushes in between model's
this vaseline moisture care works great . i have come to expect this of all of their intensive care products . i would recommend any of them .
for natural black hair it gves a natural curl and beautiful shine at the same time . love it . i would recomend this to anyone thats going natural
this little mask is very soothing . it's too heavy to wear all night , but it is great for soothing head and eyes .
just what i needed , works great and much cheaper then sally's , got to me fast and in perfect condition . very happy !
my go to lash adhesive ! i trust duo implicitly . it has never let me down . it is almost magic . i love it !
you get a ton of these for the price and they hold well . i used them to do a 1920 ' s style hairdo and they worked great !
very nice feeling lotion . in fact , my ex husband took it when we separated and he's tried many types of lotions for dry skin .
obagi can be very expensive when you are doing the total program . i searched amazon and this was the best price for this product .
i am very pleased with the product . it does exactly what it claims to do ! defines curls and amplifies them .
good price good product good presentation i recommend the product you can buy it several times excellent bran and you can be confident very good price
this does have a cooling effect , but does it relinquish bags ? not for me . maybe it will work for others
dries very quickly , very nice color . lasts for at least 5-6 days ( keeping in mind frequent dish washing ) . i love it !
the shampoo leaves my hair dryeven when i used the conditioner . when i dried it , it was frizzy and the volume was overdone ,
i have yet to wear this . i can't figure out how to attach it without it looking totally wig . maybe i'm not doing something right .
it smells bad ! it also dries so white ! ! ! worse buy everrrr ! and i bought two ! ugh . dont waste your money folks .
i purchased these for my granddaughter just to have fun with . she had a great time . clean , easy to use .
to be honest i did not find this sponge any better than the ones we buy at the drug store ...
this stuff makes my puppy lick my eyeballs.but other than that , its a good product ! very nice to use and clean rinsing .
i think this is a good product . i liked the brush applicator and the way the mascara went on so nicely . i would try it again
opaque deep purple color ! matte finish .. a little dry difficult to go on but not too bad for the cost ! shipped in a timely manner !
wasn't as good imo as in the salon . not bad but doesn't get hair as soft as i would like .
cant really rate this based on the quality of the product.it was a gift.but my neices ages 7 & 9 loved it.and ocassionally so does their mom !
their small but cute but the stickers comes off way too easily . but like the fact it come in 10 and in different colors
my teen age daughters love these & have had so much fun doing eachothers nails & getting creative with all the amazing colors.thank you , fast shipping & packaged great
it didnt make my hair super shiny , it doesnt do that but does make it super soft ... but that just could be my conditioner ... i cant tell
i love it . i'm african american with processed hair . this product is great . i've used it for over 4 years .
i really enjoy using this oil ! it makes my hair soft and silky , yet strong ! 90 % less split ends ! i truly enjoy this oil !
i love these applicators they work fabulously for my eye liner . i will be purchasing more when i run out of them .
this toner is of the highest quality and purity . i like the way it is applied by spraying onto the skin .
the colors are cool and not common or loud , love this . this are my favorite colors , and would buy more
so cute love them ! if you use e500 glue the silver and black tube they stay on very well ! great size too
it is one of the best products for my hair , i will recommend it to anyone who has natural hair !
love this smell , im looking foward too purchasing another one , this was a gift to my mom.its smells like sweet citrics .
i gave this polish a perfect score because it's nice and lively . i plan on wearing it in the near future .
the description was horrible , these are for asian women to correct eye folds . i couldn't use them at all and threw them away .
this spray doesn't make you look younger but it really does make your makeup stay on all day even in heat and humidity ! ! i love it ! !
my favorite " goth " lipstick . highly pigmented , extremely dark ( but not black ! ) and lasts forever . love that it's matte even more
color is stellar and leaves my hair shiny and soft . couldn't ask for more from miss clairol nice'n easy ! a + + +
i only recieved one , from my understanding , i was thinking i was supposed to recieve 5 . thats what it had said !
this eyeliner is very easy to apply . i use it daily and it is waterproof which is nice . great price !
i mix this with booster c powder and i've notice a big difference in only two weeks . no foundation needed .
this really hurts and i did not see any difference when using . i dreaded the pain but i tried as long as i could . thumbs down ! !
this is great lip balm . unlike others , this one does moisturize without the waxy build up ! i keep it with me all the time .
easy to use and care for . actually convenient enough size that i've brought it over to friend's place to have a girls night !
i've used this product about three or four times now , and i have not seen anything different to my hair , no extra moisture or softness .
best lotion i have ever used . my skin is prone to being oily and with this , my skin just shines from being healthy .
i use this on my face when i take my shower in the morning . it doesn't dry my skin and has no scent to irritate .
item came quickly and is exactly as described . it works great and cannot wait to do more nail art with it .
this thread was used to make a wig . it works as it should - not much else to say about it
i love sigma brushes ! so high end but for a considerably low price ! must have ! great blush brush for your every day kit !
this cuticle nail oil smells like vanilla . i really like the smell , and for the price on amazon , you cant go wrong .
i love the product ! very satisfied with the purchase , it is exactly what i was looking for ! would recommend to others
grandkids are loving it ! good fungood quality product . pretty colors two sizes per stick.nice little storage pouch comes with it .
i use it for contouring my face . great pigmentation , matte without being chalky . very nice packaging , as well . love it !
cant stand the smell . only used several times with no real noticed in change . actually threw it out . it may be only for certain hair types .
my husband loves the non-greasy formula of this product . and the price with amazon was better than in the store .
this towel is not too hard and not too soft for my skin . it exfoliates and lathers perfectly with dr . bronner liquid soap .
i bought this after ysl sold out of thier limited edition top coat . perfect replacement . easy to apply , beautiful finish !
easy & convienent . these are good quality and sane ones my salon uses . forget cutting up foil price is worth my time .
it doesn't overdry your skin and i like the scent it leaves on your face . within $ 5 , it is definitely worth a try .
i love this bronzer , its the perfect color and lasts me all day ! this will not disappoint you ! :) !
i liked it however dosnt match so can't use it .. but dosnt blend well or i just suck at trying to do eyebrows .. lol
muy bueno , para que la mujer quede con un olor y una fragancia muy agradable y seductora para el hombre . excelente produto y en buena cantidad .
a creation collection of several types of designs each nail can be different or do the same as all at the
there cute but they don't seem to work for me i did it like it said looked up videos but it doesn't make my bangs side swept like that
this is the best eye shadow kit ever . it has every color you can ever need . the eye shadow goes on smooth and stays on all day .
the soap itself works fine , but the bars crumble apart within a few days of unwrapping , so lots of the product is wasted .
the gripping part of the tweezer is great ! i don't drop it . nice ends to pick up almost anything tiny . great product !
they r so cute .. was very pleased with the true color and design … . clients love them … . make sure u order plenty of them
not what i was expecting , but it you know how to alter your brushes this is perfect .
mom was desperate for a new dryer even though she doesnt use the old one she has now.but besides that this was a perfect upgrade .
i use all the roc retinol products and they really work , i am not seeing any improvement around my eyes with this so not sure if its working
i should have keep my money on this one it makes my skin appear orange . the little brush is so not helpful i really didnt like this product .
this is a nice bright orange color . no red undertones . i would rate this a warm color . looks nice with many things .
i've used the uv lamp and it does exactly what it says it will do . i'm very happy . and the price was right ! !
have seen a difference in my hair after the first 60 days . alittle expensive but it does do what it says and i am pleased with the results .
love this stuff but it won't hold up on a long day . washes off real easily too , which is nice .
i have really sensitive skin , and this was really harsh on my face . it burnt every time i applied it .
only thing i have ever bought that was completely full . crazy ! ! ! i dont have 9 more words to say . boo .
this cleans my face without drying my complexion . i have sensitive skin and this product does what it claims very nicely .
the perfect vintage headband that is perfect for curly hair , a special occasion or just everyday . i am very satisfied and will buy from this seller again .
i use after micro needle roller and getting excellent results ! i will be back for more ! completely satisfied ! thank you !
i've been using it for some time . it feels really silky on the skin . love it ! it's my best foundation brush now .
it works , and is easy to use . if you're looking for those two things , then look no further . you have arrived .
this tends to work best for me if i put it on first then put a concealer on top not cakey at all it does smell like fish haha
no me gusta porq no levantaba muy bien los disenos y se via sucio y lo tube q segresar y eso q yego sarpido
i seriously don't tnk ill ever need this many sizes but if i do i have them . and they work great !
they work just like all the other nail art stamps , i love these designs ! especially the music note one :) thanks pueen !
i have been using these since my bunion surgery and i still use them after , they worked well for me , soft and pliable , washing well
love essie nail polish and white is a need for the looks and designs i want . love love love it !
this brush is okay but the end of the brush is really small and its hard to put on eyeshadow with .
this is a great smelling body wash . my son smelled so good after using it and the scent actually stayed for a long time .
i like this wand for applying my mascara because it isn't as messy . it goes on very evenly , not clumpy .
i love how this product detangles my hair and protects it . i will definitely be buying more ! smells good too !
its a great brush i use mine for the bare minerals warmth or bronzeing powder deffinitly one of my favorite brushes .
have been using this product with the gel for a few years now and discovered they have discontinued it . too bad . it's a good product !
i have thinning lashes due to my age and this mascara makes them look much longer and fuller . i will order another one when this one is gone .
i bought these with my original brush and haven't had to use them yet . they wear very well , and are gentle to the face .
the set was smaller than i expected , but very useful . the item arrived in new condition .
i love this product.it is a nice natural looking stain that lasts.it withstood the heat and water in cancun .
very red ! but a good lipstick to blend with other colors so that your lips are not neon red ! brighter than mac's ruby woo .
another back brush that i bought - am holding on to it until the other one needs to be replaced .
great color , great polish - - this stuff is great . opi always has great quality poilsh and this color is so great for the fall .
this was recommended by my dermatologist and i am pleased that she did it leaves my face so soft and i feel that it is a safe product
very pretty to layer on top of other nail colors . the glitter is hard to remove but that is true for all glitter polishes
really pretty color . good for all year round . gelish is a great product . only had to use 2 coats . satisfied
i love love love this bright purple ! it has a sami-matt finish look , dry in no timeperfect for summer and winter , order it and enjoy
this is the best , wont use any other lotion . i think the light up bottle is a waste , but i am almost 40 !
smells so good ! great moisturizer . i still wish they've kept the old quench lotion though .. smell might be too much for some people though .
i have thinning hair & this product works well to hold the style i want . smells great & you don't need to use a lot .
this is the best cream yet , it took away most of my skin bumps .. called kp skin . i will order again .
i love this stuff . my hair is very flat and this sutff gives it some umph . i love this product and use it everytime i go out .
so it felt like lotion i was putting on my scalp , but then it didn't work , so my hair got all nasty and greasy for nothing .
i am very satisfied with my purchase . the bristles are very soft . the colors are beautiful and that is a plus . i highly recommend these brushes .
it works really well with my skin and my sister likes it too . her skin is harder to clean than mine and it works great !
i tried it because i do garlic on the daily and it does nothing for the smell , at all , pure soap does a better job .
this is a very great fragerance to have and last alon time but very smooth & pleasant.ur girlfiend or signigfic other will love it ! ! !
this is a must have if your obsessed with lipsticks and need something to organize and keep them in . i love this and recommend it .
scratches and dries out my skin . scar on my arm looked worse not better after use . why do i fall for these things ?
i have always loved biosilk , and the price was cheap compared to what i was buying for a smaller bottle at wal-mart .
you get what you pay for . these brushes are cheap , think and not fluffy . they do not blend well . i wouldnt buy them again .
look like in the photo work perfect the skin looks better inmediatly , great product i completly recoment thiscome on time too
this brushes are so small the art work will look great and professional , i got several brushes also . since this are gifts
very cheap - i could have bought same thing at the dollar store . cheap glue . i guess you get what you paid for .
love the peppermint in it , makes face feel cleaner , and cool when it's been a rough day .. will be buying more
they're very nice and thin but don't really work as good as i thought . i just wish it could work out better with nail polish 😽
i couldn't get enough with just one of lime crime lipsticks that i had to purchase three ... so opaque and very creamy ... love the packaging as well
used to smooth calloused hands & feet . i applied at bedtime for 14 nights with no remarkable improvement . absorbing but underwhelming .
i love essie . this color is amazing . it lasts longer and dries . pretty fast . worth the few extra bucks that you pay .
love this no more spills or getting nail polish very where theses nail soakers are amazing and they work very well
this holder is great , you put your lipsticks in it upside down so you can read the color on the bottom , keeps you very organzied .
love this . i bought this product last year and i still have some left . it keeps my hair and skin soft .
love this and have used it several times with my daughter . can't wait to have a little down time to use again .
i mean its just a nail buffer not much to it lol but it serves it purpose and its cheaper on here than at beauty supply stores
bright , almost neon purple . i did use three coats because i do not like a visible nail line . happy with product and service !
great product . argan oil should be purchased in a dark bottle . if it is in a clear or plastic bottle it will not be good .
does as it is supposed to ! great result indeed . works gently and exfoliate very well . recommended for every female on the planet ! delivers on time .
i haven't noticed a difference in my skin and i don't really like the scent of this , so i would say that it's just so-so .
i like it a lot . really keeps my manicure on for a long time . i will be using this a lot .
too clumpy and dried up too fast i don't think i used it long at all it was not what i expected
it works better after ironing your hair for those who have curly hair already . i really like the waves , they have the perfect sizes and shape
did not receive item , so have no idea how it would or would not perform .
great for wigs and hats if you want to sustain a good shape and extend the life of your wig or hat ! :)
i love this stuff ! it is so easy to apply and it keeps my eyeshadow looking fresh all day ! it only takes a little bit !
wont ever be without this product even though i think it is pricey ... my hands look amazing ... use it every night at bedtime
i feel like they wipe off my makeup more than blend it in ... i haven't used them since the trial when i received them
it didn't detangle my hair like i read in the reviews . it didn't do anything but made my hair wet .
it works . along with exercise of course . but my booty is getting lifted and firm :) i love this product . smells great too
this does smell amazing and it soaks in nicely with no greasy feeling but it leaves your hands still needing moisture after it dries ( 5min ) ...
very happy with the product . it has an incredible scent and leaves your face nourished as though you just had a facial .
i love this staff . i heard is works , i had use before , is cheaper , good quality'you have to have it
these patches would not stay on very well and they can only be used on whiteheads that are about to burst open .
leaves skin soft . smells like roses and sweet fruit . wounderful smell . good feel smooth like silicone . moisture keeps well . nice
my clips tend to come loose a little easily , they fall but are still clipped to my head . also one broke after a few weeks of uses .
made great , feels smooth and gentle on my skin . this was a good purchase , i use it to apply face mask
this device is very uncomfortable , it actually hurts . i bought for my sons & i , you can feel it in your teeth .
incredible price and the photos don't show how pretty the clip is . it is lovely and will add glamour to a simple hair bun or ponytail !
the quality on this are puzzle , they look fake will have to see what they look like on the nail .
well this product come really secure the delivery was on time i like this brand just because it worth it for me . thanks
i use this particular products every 9 weeks , color is very nice , not harsh , product lasts well on my hair
amazing brushes for the price . i use them almost every day , and they work just as well as my more expensive brushes .
great hair repair mask ! smells great and makes my damaged hair feel great ! great container and easy instructions to follow . great product ~ !
normally i need like ten-fifteen pins to hold my hair well in the bun , but three of these one's and it's on it's place , really good pins !
this is by far the best product i have ever used in my hair ! it makes it shiny , smooth and so touchable ! highly recommend !
it's ok but is very thin . i used it for tree braids and it worked but was a little flimsy .
some of the stones are hard to stay on the nails but most of them are great with a lot to choose from .
pretty colors some reqire several coats to be opaque while others only require one coat . it is a nice set
good quality . nothing fancy like the one from byalegory but decent enough to get the job done . was a gift for a friend and she loved it
this fragrance is so clean and fresh . many compliments on what i am wearing . not over powering . subtle . would recommend .
you lose way too much product in this applicator , most of it is stuck in the bottle , get a bowl and brush applicator .
i don't like these - dishes are left with residue on themand hard to get the residue off . will not buy again .
i found all i need on this one , it has many thing in it.highly recommended
i'm an adult and is using this shampoo .. this is one of the least chemically saturated shampoo that keeps my hair soft and smelling fresh
arrived in a timely mannor and i was very happy to get them . i love these flat hair clips the work wonderfully and have always been a fan
use this when my hair is getting dry from products .. it's amazing as a conditioner and a leave in treatment .
i really like this brush for applying loose powder . it is very soft and just dusts the powder without messing up the foundation .
i bought this product after hearing a friend who is a makeup artist raving about it . it is really nice
magic in a bottle . this is a must for all women over 55 yrs old .
very gentle , soothing and great for sensitive skin . this is the third product from angel face botanicals that i have tried and love them all !
because the payer lie to me it is not a bottom lashit is the same of the higher lasheswhy you have to lie and take a bad reptution
not a perfect 5 stars but certainly above average in what it does which is provide deep moisture and a clean result .
smells great but it doesnt last very longthe bottle its cool and pretty , i like the desing a lot
i love this color . it is a very beachy blue color that is very opaque and stays on for a long time .
the gel ( eye lift side ) did nothing for me . the cream was ok , but did not lighten my dark circles or change them at all .
nice and natural . will order more of this product ... a bit on the thin side , nothing a bit of mascara wont fix .. i love them ..
well i used the yellow shea butter now i am using the ivory shea butter it is ok i like it
this hair dryer is light weigh and stores all accessories inside the case . it works well except the hose is hard to attach to the bonnet
i think imma have to order me another one because my nephew bit off a piece :( but i really like it !
easy to find in my purse ; it works for moisturizing , and the fragrance is not overwhelming . i highly recommend this lotion .
these sponges are everything ! i use them daily when doing my makeup i love the moisture will be buying again !
perfect price . all 3 curling irons . i love the different sizes . they work perfect , conair is a good brand . great price .
all of the polishes were old and clumpy . don't waste your money - you can get better product at your corner drug store or dollar store .
axe deep space shower gel has a terrific scent . it lathers up real nice and rinses clean leaving your skin feeling refreshed.recommended .
i love these hair clips soo much , i bought two of these and use them all of the time . love it !
this product is really gold in my hair . i just loved and indicate . my hair is so smooth , shine , good smell and no frizz .
my husband loves this shampoo and conditioner . the 2 - in - 1 saves time when he's in a hurry and it smells great .
hi ... i have used the serum and the results were very , very amazing ... i do not want to dispense with the curse ...
my cosmetic surgeon recommended this after full face laser after it healed ! ! i use this along with other obagi products ! ! !
this case is small enough for travel and you can still take everything you need makeup wise . well built and durable . :-) :-) :-)
perfect will order more there affordable and look great on feel great and you can wear more then once awesome ! ! !
the color is great , a nice pretty metallic gold . shipping was very fast . i will definitely buy more when i need to !
i have a cork poster board that i stick these pins in , to hang my necklaces . these are perfect for that .
rich , black color and great quality at a cheaper price than the " other " brands sold in stores ... i highly recommend to gel polish manicureistas :)
it's a useless tool . it's cumbersome . it doesn't help you at all , on the contrary . i don't recommend at all this product .
covers completely with one coat and dries really fast ! ! ! dries matte , giving me two different looks if i added a shiny clear coat .
it works good it you use it correctly , made my hair soft , but since you have to use so many pumps it was used up very quickly .
if you find this a bit drying , use a bit less , and start using it with the lavendar bath . amazing skin reveals itself !
good product and do what it suppose to do , little pricy and if you have good volumizing mascara you dont need this extra step but i enjoy using it
its mac product and sadly i really dont like this product . it is so smashy and i dont like it
i really like this brush set . compared to sigma and other high-end brush sets it is a great value and the set is nice .
i love tarte lights camera splashes mascara . i bought the water proof version for my wedding , and it didn't smudge despite crying :)
i absolutely love this lipstick ! ! ! it's pure red and it looks great on me . you should try it too .
formula is greasy and settles into wrinkles . i threw it away . spend a bit more money to get a formula that works .
i find it hard to get a circle i wish it was a flat bottom then it would be amazing
his blowdryer is the one used by my stylist . it is lightweight , and dries my hair quickly . i love it !
good to use to do straight edges or even to lay down on top of a color and encase with clear coat
doesn't get caught in my fine dry hair and helps detangle . very gentle and has a good grip . good buy
i use these to fill in my eyebrows and sometimes for eye liner . it isn't too dark or too heavy and actually works better than my liquid liner .
i find this product does no work and gave it about 6 weeks to do so and no results yet very disappointed .
i have been using on my deep creases between my eyes for about eight weeks and have noticed only a small change . wouldn't bother to buy it .
reliable to make different designs on nails . the pack brings more than enough . good investment for nail art . great deal .
i bought this looking for a cheaper alternative to the more expensive brands , and found that it works just as well . great buy .
i havent tri it yet but im pretty sure this product is worthy to have because nyx never disappoint me as always
this is a very nice thick moisturizing cream.recently had an acid treatment so skin was 2 weeks post and a little dry.this cream was able to alleviate the dryness .
if you experience eczema like i do - this product is even better than black soap with honey from the same vendor ( nubian ) .
works great for me ! my skin looks like a baby skin :) love it .
this is a great color . goes on well and stays for a long time . would definitely recommend it . thanks amazon .
i love the colour when i first dyed it ... but it faded off within two days . even when i washed it with cold water . d:
it is a strong hold but not as long as a week for me as i sweat a lot and need to re attach
i thought this was going to be bigger , but it does a well job . i give it 3 stars for it being so small .
i had to write this review . i am writing this review because of how well the product works . worth your money !
this is great for under eyes . and for the price you cant beat it . it covers up really well . i would purchase this product again .
this was a gift which my friend loved . smell pleasant and can be used all year round . not strong ... light and pleasant
this is a great product works perfect for me.the price is very fair too.came in the mail pretty fast.thanks again
i got the bag yesterday in the mail arrived in good condition ! like every thing about it ! great summer bag and the price was right !
i was very pleased with the results of this product based on the price . worked very well on my fine , dry hair .
came in 3 days of purchase love it ! just what i needed and i've seen the ones at sally's beauty supply in store is pricey but these aren't !
this is very pretty , i think it's even prettier in person . definitely worth the money . i purchased it in several colors .
this leave - in cream is wonderful . my hair is so soft like silk now . i will recommend this product , specially for over treated hair .
this was exactly what i needed ! i am so pleased with this product ! great price too i'm happy all around !
these brushes are amazing . each one has its own perk and you can use and reuse each one for different things . awesome set
it comes with 22 different brush and a purple crocodile case . the case is very pretty . also the brushes are very soft .
i use these to make organic bug repellent and work great . they are easy to fill and the top comes off and on easily .
i love the variety of holidays that is included in this plate collection . i use these all the time ... there's something for every occasion !
this color went on smoothly and is a beautiful taupe color . i think this color could be used during any season .
i like these they help me practice my skills , you know what they say practice makes prefect . so try them ! ! !
i have had it for a year and i like it . i dont use it very often but it works well ..
didn't work for me not so good to have at all don't work it doesn't work at all don't buy
dove makes a great soap but at regular price i'll use the cheap ivory until the sale so i rotate back and forth depending on price .
very good quality and stays on all day and all night . i even ordered two more for my friend . you won't regret it
i use this product on my fingernails and i can truly say it has strengthened them . i would recommend this product and i will buy it again .
i love it . it's so fast and nice to use . it works very well and keeps my brows looking awesome .
i always use shimmer lights shampoo on my hair when i have a light or blonde to tone the brassiness
these are really nice colors and i love wearing them . the red almost looks like a bright orange and i love it ! they are great .
the concealer got kind of dry and weird , while the highlighter remained useless , as it didn't show up at all .
i really did not see any difference with this lotion . its thin , liquidy , and smells like ammonia . eww ! not very moisturizing .
product comes just as advertised in the pictures ! very strong and sturdy trays and a great value for the money !
this turned out to be very vibrant and beautiful red . i fell in love with this color and put my faith back in red lipsticks !
like everbody elses review , i didnt recieve them either . waste of time and the 80 cents . should have read other reviews before i ordered it .
use them all the time . super cute . and very useful for all you dotting needs lol great for making flowers and stuff
this is ok product , the price is low , it came to me no fast , no too slow , it is ok for me .
works for spot treatment of acne . good price for 4 . definitely will buy again .
you must have this for gel cured polish . this stuff is the best on the market as far as i am concerned .
this lotion has a very light fragrance that is not overwhelming and it does last for a very long time .
my hair looked dry and damaged before i started using deva curl low poo .. now it feels great and looks shiny ! will continue to buy this product !
this oil is scrumptious . the smell and lasting power is amazing . simply the best . i actually bought another already as a gift .
this stuff does a great job on my skin . love the fact i am putting vitamin c on my skin . nice glass bottle and dropper too .
i use this product to keep my skin from being so oily throughout the day and it works ! it is a great oil control . must have !
bought this as a gift for my husband . he doesnt really care what he wears for cologne , but i do and i do like it .
these are really helpful for the make up items that really small or awkward and you don't know where to put them !
although it is a gentle cleanser , i did not see any difference in my pores . i would probably not purchase it again .
love ibd .. maui sunset wasnt spectacular color just ok .. pinkish red tone but my favorite color . good price to add to my collection .
i am in love with these . i am actually ordering more disc because i am so happy with this . they are like pokemon gotta get em all
this hair piece is excellent quality and matched my hair color perfectly ! i was really impressed and very well made !
this hair setter set is terrific . it heats up quickly and keeps the heat in the curlers plenty long enough to provide a beautiful hair style .
well the only thing i dident . like is that it came super late but it was really easy to assemble .
i love using this product , and for me it's the best product when blow drying my hair , curling and ironing my hair .
it is easy to put on and looks nice . but so heavy and i have to end up taking it off .
this tiny pot will last forever . you really don't need to apply that much . it does work for pale girls , too ! !
these are your basic nail brushes , but for the price and use they are perfect . you can never have to many !
this color is black .. trust me . you can only see a little bit of green if you are in the sun . i was very disappointed .
great shade for contouring - - not too orange , no glitter or shimmer . magnetic close on the box lid helps keep my makeup drawer less cluttered .
this is a very nice product . not oily , but creamy and very easy to blend . great for contouring an highlighting under powder with your foundation ! !
took some getting use to , but once i did i really liked it . invigorating and does wonders for the skin !
this is a fantastic silicone free conditioner that leaves my hair soft , smooth and clean . try the shampoo as well !
pretty , haven't got to use it yet . i would recommend this product to friends and family if interested .
this cream feels so good when i apply it . my skin looks and feels much softer and more pliable . it works for me .
very pleased and will probably buy other shape brushes from sigma . easy to wash and dry . will need a sleeve to keep brush bristle in good condition .
pleasant smell , moisturizing , good to cover white strap lines . very gradual tanning , takes days to develop into a nice tan color . would buy again .
well it is good to glue the glitter , but it dry so fast .. however , this is the best glitter glue so far
i love this conditioner , i have been using it for months now . it has transformed my hair ! it really does the things it says it does !
awesome price great smell great product you cant go wrong , wont find it cheaper not even in a dollar store
i love how it smells like .. it makes me turn around and look at the guy who's wearing em.soooo good ! !
this product does indeed have a firm hold for everyday use , not just windy day . i would highly recommend for any hair types .
this toner was recomended to me by a plastic surgeon ! ! ! i have used it ever since my full face laser treatment ! !
wish it wasnt as many french tips image are a nice size to . use it often . will want to try other ones
just gives a beautiful hint of color and feels really moisturizing . really love all the colors i have especially pin up peach .
this product feels great on the skin , it's the perfect texture to feeling scrubbed real well . the smell is wonderful makes you feel rejuvenated .
you get a lot for your money but once you put a top coat on there is no shine . they look dull
it works great for blending in the make up i apply my make up with a brush and blend with this sponge . i get a perfect finish .
it's odd , but all the darker shades look the same once i put them on - - all a smoky black shade . won't use .
as an esthetician i am very satisfied with the results when using on my clients , i will reorder again , worth the money ! !
the picture is not correct , it is pointed . however , that is what i wanted and it's an excellent little file for the price .
it works well , but there's not very much of it . after i use it in my seche vite , it's still not it's original consistency .
does not work well with my baby fine hair . i think it is not quite tacky enough to lift my hair .
i have been using this for years and really like it . it totally helps when your skin is all sunburn or dry .
extremely happy with my purchase of these nail brushes . very good quality brushes for the money . the colorful handles are cute .
i love this stamp pad because you can use the small end for tiny nails . it cleans up easily and transfers the design like a charm .
good face wash . dispenses easily . my acne is more hormone related but appears to keep my skin clean and somewhat acne free .
i don't know what else to say about it except that it does exactly what it claims to do . so cute and compact too . love .
my hubby loves this smell and i like it too . i was glad to get it at a decent price and it was shipped fast .
very cool towelettes . it is nice to have something you can carry in your purse or pocket that is soothing and cooling . thank you .
i used it so fast , and i need to order more . it moisturized my skin so nice , no ash at all .
i really like this wash and it keeps my skin clear , but the redness can be bad at times . invest in a good moisturizer !
has some great items , but good lord don't rely on the pamphlet for a guide on what to do . best bet is youtube .
good for clipping my hair up in the show ... after conditioning ... i like this clip , it's easy and decent quality .. try it for yourself
item was recommended by a hairstylist , i would never but it again still sits in my bathroom cabinet .. waste of money
it makes you look like an professional makeup artist and also it helps with being organize and neat . not a fan of leopard though .
great lotion . my sensitive skin does not break out . the ingredient list is acceptable as far as lotions go .
doesn't hurt as much as the . 05 mm one for some reason , even though the needles are longer . hopefully it's doing something .
i just got them . , great set of brushes for the price ! works great ! i'm planning to order four sets more .
no difference in color , reminds me of the old prell shampoo . it dries my blond hair out and the conditioner is like water
mascara does work well , adds length and volume . it is a dryer formula , so if you like that i'd really recommend this mascara .
the tips split after shaping them to long ovals . i'll update after trying a square shape and see if they hold up better .
i have natural hair and this is a must have product as you are transitioning , i would recommend this product
i like the formulation of product on the pad but the pad is too small . also , make sure to screw lid on tight !
i use this all the time it kind of feels like i am walking around with an airbrushed look will definitely order again
cute little clips that work pretty well . they don't have a shell which is nice because i don't worry about it cracking .
this wig looks really nice considering the low price . it is not a high quality wig , but it looks like a nice wig .
just be carefull or you will get so dark it will give your skin an orange tint if used too much .
have been using it for 3 months and haven't noticed any difference in my skin but will continue to use it . does not sting or smell .
i love the natural smells and the clean feeling the natural soaps leave behind . just wish they were a full size to last much longer . highly recommended .
all the hype-its all advertisingforget it.this product simply doesnt work as least for me and my facial blemishes .
i bought this in the hopes of dying my hair back black . it worked great my hair came out jet black .
it's been a month and i only had to repaint my nails twice ... it's great , smooth and shiny , dries very fast ! no complaints .
my lashes are too long for this curler and get crimped on the ends , hard to see , easy to miss some lashes .
i like this prouductwhatever its does i like itthis pluch is too pinky but it is lovelythanx
these are definitely worth it ! i would buy them again . great quality and gets the job done . no complaints ! and they're very pretty .
from the picture , it looks like it's got some greenish tint , it doesn't . it's just baby blue but might look greenish under certain light .
you will need to use a base with these as they are not very thick . sa a few coats over a base . they are a nice highlight .
i wasn't expecting much to be honest . however i was happily surprised at how long my lashes looked . best drug store mascara i've tried .
i do wish the cold shot button was colder and the blower was stronger but overall it's nice and when i use it , it does well enough .
i cannot figure out how to apply . i use to use these but for some reason i cannot get these on right .
perfect for cleanup during gel polish application and makes french tips a breeze . would definitely purchase again in the future .
although some bottles were more filled then others , it is still a great deal for all the product and variety you get .
clean . fresh scent , timeless , soothings and sensual . i have received countless completments on this product . i cant live without it .
this plesant , herb scented shampoo leaves my hair shiny , smooth and beautiful . it keeps my fly aways and broken split ends in check .
i like camille beckman's products . oriental spice has a nice scent and does a nice job moisturizing . need three more words .
it is not oily at all .. smell nice .. i use it daily ... good packaging ... i think i will continue using it .
i really enjoy the smell of this parfum . and more importantly , my wife likes it too .
i do my own nails and harmony brand is consistently excellent . i will continue to order their products . the colors are wonderful as well
great polish pretty color i just recently started wearing and using gel nail polishi love how pretty and shiny and how long it lasts
smells sweet and nice like a girl ... d d d d d d d d d d d d d
i use these for hand washing delicate items , the smell is soft and gentle , and the soap is good quality
love ! perfect for christmas ! everyone commented on my gel manicure that i did myself ! ! cant wait to use for valentines day !
my darther love it now i see her making new stily for it she ask me for more so she is
fits all different sixe pencils and traps the scraps to throw away later . love this pencil sharpener for all kinds of beauty tools
does exactly what its supposed to , i use it all the time with my gel polish and my regular polish .
i ordered this set with the professional nail drill , it was a great price compared to other sets . i was very happy with the purchase .
won't be buying this again . it dried my skin out and made my skin hurt real bad . the only good thing about this product is the bottle ..
i like this brush , its small n perfect i didnt mind the size . i should have gotten another one . not a problem with it ! !
love this shade ! great for summer and a beachy look . white accents or silver makes it pop for sure ! essie is great !
pretty sure it caused my face to breakout so i stopped using it . i do not recommend . it is very cheap .
if you've ever had any type of skin problems try this product . skin clears in a weeks time . best over the counter acne medicine .
pigmented , blendable colors . this palette has a little bit of everything . everything was shipped in tact . as always , a great shany product !
this is wonderful to.use as a makeup remover the price is wonderfulu can use it on your legs face arms to moisturerize
expensive but comes highly recommended by girl who did my facials ( and she doesn't sell the stuff ) , and my dermatologist . obagi is a good product .
i like it , not a bad set at all , faster shipping than i thought and it is exactly as described , not disappointed :-)
i haven't had a chance to test this product by itself but i use it in my homemade shea butter
i love the mickey mouse shape of this item . it smells great and goes on smoothly . rinses off quickly . the children love it too .
my wife has long , dark , medium body hair . this was too heavy for her hair leaning towards the greasy side .
this is my first set of stamps . so far so good . hopefully i'll get better at stamping as i go .
it is sooooooooo soft my 4 year old son doesn't want to give it back to me ! guess i am buying more of this brush .
light hydrating serum that is perfect for it's price point . this fits in perfectly to my dead sea facial care regime
perfect in package.just doesn't work for me as far as volume - wanted larger volume in lashes , and it does a good job for just plain ole mascara
works well if you're on a safari and trying to avoid mosquitos - unscented and makes hair feel good . good product
kind of hard to work with for beginners . good price ifnyou know how to work with them . lots of different styles
it gets the job done , good for starting out and practicing nail art designs . i have no complaints so far .
product doesnt stay on all day . it smudges and is clumpy when applied . didnt irritate my eyes though . isnt water resistant
they look exactly as the photo . havent got a chance to use them just yet . if you like to hand design these are great back-ups
was so disappointed with this ! definitely not my mother's panstick , which was uber creamy . this is dry and finds every wrinkly . trashed it .
good deal for your money , many different colors , quality not the best . the shine is mainly gone with top coat
really will cause skin cell turnover . was the perfect product to prep my skin for real retin-a . i used it nightly and got results .
i put this over the top of gelish plum be done and it looks amazing ! ! ! i swear i cannot stop looking at my nails ! !
i received this product and was very happy with what was sent , it is a very good price for what was received . very happy :)
these brushes are always my fave . they are so reasonable and work better than some of my sigma brushes . you wont regret buying any of these brushes .
these came and were exactly what is pictured ... i personally am having trouble with mine but my sister ( nail genius ) has amazing nails thanks to these
realy good for acrylic design it can make flower french everything you want easy to clean and delicate brush . i like it
great price i got this for . i use in making homemade facial creams and lotions .
i can't say enough good things about this hand cream . the smell is a light citrus and the cream makes my hands feel soft and smooth .
exactly as described , and love the quick heating and push button controls , also has a longer cord than other irons ive used which is nice too
these are super soft ! i love the carry case . i won't be looking all over the house for my makeup brushes
i love the smell of this product . it was a little smaller than i expected but it makes my hair softer .
very pretty need to make more in different shape looks very good ... i would buy again thanks so muchvery prettypeople said how pretty this wascolor goodlove it
this plate is wonderful ! the images are so beautiful and stamp flawlessly . i would recommend this product to my fellow stampers . fantastic quality !
love it am glad i finally got this ... great product and it works great .. definitely a must in every manicures home ..
tweezerman gives you what you pay for in quality . easy to use angled filed files . all products are good . read reviews .
worked pretty well . not sure if anything could get rid of stretch marks 100 %
i really love it very good it stay long time it is too shimmery so i cant wear it for day light allot
i didn't love this one nearly as much as the lemongrass version of the same product . this left my hair very flat , but super soft .
nice fresh green color , crème base . not too bright , good spring and summer color . color does stain nail bed . ( use base coat )
does not smell the best but it works well really think and pure product , would prefer a different brand or smell
i love my red angel nail plates ! they have so many designs you won't find on other brand's plates . red angel rocks !
this is my go too soap . my skin loves it and it helped my skin get it's natural glow back .
this concealer is too thick . it is not creamy enough to apply really well . i willhave to use it until i find the perfect concealer for me .
shiseido cotton is the best best cotton pads i have ever used ! ! ! it is great for everything , however , it is kinda pricey .
anything hello kitty is just wonderful , my daughter loves them . i'm going to use these for so many projects . thank you !
applying this powder to set my foundation makes my makeup last a long time . i like that the color is translucent so it goes on clear .
its nice blender with other lip colors i like it also for eye liner , it also easily removed with mild soap and water .
applies easily , smells good , but if you're in or around the water you will need to continue applying as it is not waterproof or all that strong.thank you.mef
goes on smooth and asorbs fast not to fond of the smell but does moisturzie my skin after tanning . good buy for the price .
can tell a difference in my lashes . i'm not crazy about the tip of the brush , but the mascara itself is great .
a great moisturizer ! the cocoa smells delightful and the price is great . all in all a great lotion that i highly recommend .
i love this product . it melts right into your skin , leaves no white residue and no grease ! will definitely buy again .
i feel like there is no coverage . i wouldn't recommend to friends . but this is just my opinion , you might feel differs about it .
maybe i just don't like primers but this particular one makes my face feel oily . don't care for it , maybe it's better for people with dryer skin .
not all things organic are good , this one dried out my hair terribly , will not use it again , was hoping for more and got much less .
i gave this to my daughter after two weeks . it made my skin soft but did nothing as far as wrinkles .
i got 4 different colors and they had some acetone inside , the acetone has no smell and it works . the acetone doesn't damage nails .
really happy with these ones and will purchase again . the sizing is good on the lashes . length is right as well . really nothing to complain about .
great item ! its 4 oz . well worth asking price . its versitile and smells amazing . jar is made of glass with stopper like top .
i purchased this for my daughter and she has really enjoyed experimenting with the different colors . a good buy for her to practice with .
they have these at dollar tree for 1 $ as well as other shapes and gems and they look like they're the same size as these !
i don't really see that it improves the look of my pores . i still use it just because i want to finish it , but it's nothing amazing .
these have arrived already ! can't wait to try them out . a lot of color choices to choose from !
good color for everyday . it is neutral enough not to be too showy but makes your hands look good . i'll definitely be using it often .
i ordered this for my sister in a different city , because i want her to try it . it's my favorite mascara . it's lengthening and natural-looking .
this is a pretty color wether you want to glide it on for a dramatic look , or dab it on for a subtle tint of color .
this spray bottle is great for a variety of uses . i've found it good for mixing your own scents . it sprays well and the tip doesn't clog .
i've been looking for a tanning lotion at a reasonable price - this is it ! i was a tan-a-holic so this has worked magic without the side effects !
love this conditioner . i just use a tiny drop and it makes my hair silky and smooth . the large size bottle will last me a long time .
i haven't tried them yet but they feel soft and if you have the technique down you should not have a problem applying foundation .
this is a great leave-in . so good , in fact that i've had it on subscribe and save for well over a year .
i really liked this product ! it blends perfectly onto the color of my skin ! i feel like this product was worth investing in !
this smells fantastic and leaves my body feeling great , refreshed and clean . the bar size is perfect and lasts a long time .
this is good for when you don't have time to make your own ... i recommend it ladies anytime , will be back for more ...
the 3 jars are a much better deal and love the foam ! ! after 4 months hair growing in really good ! ! !
works great , smells good , there is a result . i love it . perfect substitution for more expensive brands like skinsuticals and others
not sure what happened , but these don't seem to be as well made as the exact same scunci clip purchased 3-4 years ago .
you will never go back to anything else . pretty colors , great size , dries fast , and works just like it says .
rather soft bristles , too much for our taste and makes static , so we gave it to our barbies and they are happy .
i've used other protecting sprays in the past , and i don't like this one at all ! it's very sticky ! yuck !
does just what you need it to do . i would recommend cleaning off the stamper after each nail though or else it doesn't come out as clean .
good product for the price . trick is to hold the dotting tool straight while dipping into polish . i like it .
not something i would purchase again , didn't see as good results as just using an egg white or yolk alone .
it really does good in my hair , get rid of frizz and makes it nice and shiney , i love it ! ! !
this lil thing is very handy for holding all of my bathroom supplies . the size is what i need for my stuff .
the product was good but i did not like the pot , i feel there would have been a lot more content i could not get to
nice product . not sure if i want to keep on spending this money each month or 2 . does really cut down on brassiness .
it did give my ends life , but not for very long . won't repurchase , because i didn't get the wow effect , especially for the price .
same as the other product , have not had time enough to see results yet , check back with me in a moth or so .
these stones have a very expensive look to them . several women have asked where i got them . i'll be ordering them again .
classic mascara . i love it ! so bored of new mascaras with weird brushes . its just great really black mascara . thx to seller
they work okay , lots of repeat colors though , make sure your nails are clean otherwise they wont stick but neat colors
i only used this twice because i couldn't get past the smell . liked how it felt but i was just too picky for this fragrance .
the smell irritated everyone on the train yesterday including me . what a waste of money ! i do not advise an sexy lady to buy it
this brush is nice if you have thin hair . but i do not , i have thick hair and the bristles hardly touch the scalp .
i'm not so sure that it is firming but i like the smell and the way it is absorbed and mostly organic . i will order again .
it's not really very foamy . therefore an even distribution is somewhat problematic . it's not glue-y and doesn't dull my hair , so well ... so-so overall .
love this shampoo and conditoner . leaves your scalp nice and tigly . it lasts a really long time too because you dont need much .
works great on any polish picks up the image does what it's supposed to got here on time i would definitely recommend
i use this quad almost daily . the dark colors work great as a liner if you have a liner brush .
this bag is cute and serves its purpose , for makeup mostly . nice material and was a good buy for the money .
the lotion works really good but the pump on the on i received was broke but i do really like the lotion
very handy ! very useful ! love the one handed operation.would pass this on to my many friends who work on their nails .
would rather spend money on mac . the mac stuff is ah-mazing ! trust me . best i've found . this was cheap enough to just try out ...
haven't tried any other plates other than the ones that came with my salon express . these work great n have cute detailed designs . i really recommend these .
it was a good product , it turn a little flaky around the edge of the bottle but the serum work good .
they were great wore them to work and they stay in all day and i still wear them on occasion
i love this hairspray . it holds great , but doesn't leave my hair feeling stiff . i also love the way it smells .
i got this for my sister in law for christmas and she loves it ! they were sturdy and good quality .
while i like the consistency of this product , i'm not sure if it does much . since it's not cheap , one expects immediate results .
from the description sounded great . looks so fake on . never again . the brushes where cheap as well . not worth my time .
this little wand works very well . i was unsure about it at first but now i could not see myself without this tool .
when i tried to use the liner , it barely worked ! ! ! i was very disappointed . i wouldnt recommend this product to my friends .
my stamps show up crisp and clear when i use this polish , others can come close but his one is really the best .
this item is great ! it works wonders and is pretty fast . i was used to using a regular string of threadso this is a nice adjustment .
this brush is actually a great stoop to mac 217 brush ! it is definitely just like it and it blends so well ! ! ! i love it .
me and my daughter use these for our nails and sometimes i put it on on my phone and then looks great love it
even still in the box , my entire bathroom smells like lilac . i think pacifica has the most natural smelling scents .
i did not like this product at all ... too thick , does not apply smoothly and does not prime the skin ... do not recomend , , ,
awesome color . really great for summer . the application brush makes application easy . i bought this so i could touch up after mani / pedis .
i feel this is good quality and value for the price . nice fragrance but not strong . you can feel it working.also moisturizes and goes under makeup well .
the ibd lavender nail cuticle oil is very nice smelling . really helps for the dry skin around the nails after removing the gel soak off polish .
i was amazed how well this little dryer worked . i have 2 it didn't have the name on the dryer but still it worked
without this , i'd be as white as a ghost . works wonders and would highly recommend to anyone tanning . love it !
well made and makes the wigs look more appealing then the other less expressive heads . i made her look even more beautiful with a little makeup .
es rico el aroma es suave , delicado para una mujer pava , recomiendo el producto es ta adaptado a la actualidad .
i don't think i will purchase this again ... too oily for me , and doesn't do very good job either . i'd better stick with my old cleansing oil
these lashes look so natural . i love them the look so awesome they are great for everyday use . i will order more again .
i so my nails weekly and with these i can create all sorts of looks with the tape present or using them as a guideline . great price too
love the sent and the way it makes my skin feel . tones it up nicely gets rid of blemishes . love it .
lotion isn't too dark and doesn't leave you feeling greasy . smell is ok . a great price . helped me with a bronzy tan .
it goes on very light , it does not feel heavy or sticky and it helps my short hair not go wild in the high humidity .
as a nail tech student i love polish this color is very pretty if u like glitter you'll love this shimmers and sparkles ... i need more lol
i just love my new brushes . they are exactly as described . they are good brushes for the money . very happy with my purchase ! ! !
works great . does the job i need done . and the best part was the price . i may get a second one of these for home use .
fine set of brushes by shany ! i love the ruby red / purple case , really pretty ! i would love to get more of their brushes !
i've used this and other products as my daily regiment for the past couple of years.it is effective , yet inexpensive .
ui added it with olive oil and worked it into my scalp . my hair is getting thicker and it smells great !
the color is so bright . and it's easy to apply on . but the only reason is that it doesn't last long . :(
the colors are not bright even with primer . i thought primer would help enhance the pigment . i guess you get what you pay for !
love this stuff . great price , not greasy at all . good under makeup too .
i havent used this particular one however i used this product before and it is a very good guality one . it does help with drying the polish .
i like the item , very nice package.the rhinestones are a bit smaller than i thought but other than that its very nice
they look cheap compared to swarovsky stones , but what can i say.these cost nearly nothing compared to them . i gave all to a teenager .
i used this to fill in my brows and it looked great . i always liked maybelline products for my skin type .
wow , this is the smallest blow dryer i have ever seen ! it works great too ! it's got some real power . i would buy this again .
great set of brush with a price you can not bet ! such a great apron also really comes in handy !
been using this product for several weeks now and so far i am not overly impressed . i think urban decay's version has better staying power .
this was a good price set for the brushes and i love how small the brushes are making them great for travel . i use mine everyday !
this is a classic . buy it . you'll not regret it ! . great color , great volume , it's not clumpy ... my favorite mascara so far !
i got this to put over the fun colors i use on my nieces ! it gives their nails a great sparkle ! definitely recommend !
works just like my dog clippers . make sure they are sharp or cold bend the artificial nail . thank you for the design .
i love this lotion ! i put it on right before my makeup , and i can not even tell that it is on !
excellent ! this palette is so versatile , complete and give me many options for an affordable price . i recommend ! great product !
this product is amazing . i love how it makes my eyes brows look . it came on time which i'm happy about . love it
this foam is light and airy and can be combed easily through hair . my hair had noticeable volume when i dried it and throughout the day .
i have naturally curly hair that is very thick and course . i love this product , and it keeps my curls well-defined and frizz-free without a greasy look .
excellent on my dried , fried and highlighted hair . also works well diluted with water and sprayed on as a leave in on both curly and straight .
peppermint oil on body for energy or hair for shine ; works well with my wen products ; love this stuff ; a great price .. ty
this is a very pretty shade of blue . i love opi polishes and this one does not disappoint . make sure to use a base polish .
this primer does exactly what it saids . i love it ! ! ! ! this item came in two days and the prices is great too .
the right shade of blush is always hard to find . love this product . wish they would make blushing gel , too .
love this stuff for thick ( really thick and curly ) hair . it is great to use in the mornings when there is a tangled almost unmanageable mess .
olay olay regenerist , this serum is the best , very good and does not clog your pores . i will buy more
this brush only requires one pass while straightening your hair . i love it , especially on my extensions ! ! ! very cool concept ! ! !
i love all shany products and i believe this one is the best . it looks perfect on my skin . the case is so fancy ! ! !
glides on nicely over skin . it doesn't look too heavy . i like that it has an spf to protect my skin . doesn't break me out .
the brush is stiff and not very useable and there is very little product . it will not last long , i would recommend buying a larger size !
frankly , i have no idea if it's " correcting dark spots " , but it's a great primer for moisturizer and makes my skin feel great .
i only gave this refillable spray bottle 3 stars because when you spray , it leaks so you are wasting perfume .
received not what was shown in advertisement ... very low quality ! ! you will receive a totally different item . dont waste your time !
never fails me this product is amazing .. gentle exfoliator lathers up and feels great .. will continue to use and recommend to people
this is the best active sport sunscreen . no sunscreen smell , stays put , give you the coverage you need - and best of all no breakouts !
i have always liked their products and this was a great deal to boot . the body wash is creamy and your body feels good afterward .
i have been taking these for a few weeks and i notice that my nails are stronger and longer . they don break and peel as easily as before .
this conditioner absorbs well into my hair , but have to use other leave in conditioner to soften my hair . it also smells like amoxicillin . :(
this brush is the perfect size , i even get my foundation liquid on quicker and smoother with this .
i really like this color ! ! it's a great shade - in my opinion , not too dark and not too light .
i have yet to receive these in the mail yet but i cannot wait . nothing like a little metal for some style .
so please with this purchase ! the bows look adorable on the nails of my clients ! i could not be happier !
i may rated this higher but haven't been using it long enough to make a determination to the quality of results received
i purchased as a back up for when my supply was getting low . works great ! would recommend this product to use with opi gel polish .
i've tried all kinds of pink dyes and this is by far the longest lasting !
amazing works wonders does the hair good and makes it feel like silk i under estimated this but it goes above and beyond what product states
i love this stuff . its a great deal for the price , quality and amount you get . man , it smells awesome , too .
i like that it is a natural product and the smell is nice but not overwhelming . nice that it comes in a large bottle to reduce landfill waste .
i love this product . its a bright blue , goes on nice and smooth . didn't chip or anything . only need one or two coats .
i personally can't really recommend this product as i don't feel it really made much difference with my hair . i probably will not be purchasing it again .
its 4 people in my house and 3 of us are often painting our hair and always in need of these so i bought these a great value
i got it for my boyfriend , it smells so good . and for the size of the bottle it is a great value .
great shany foundation brush it is soft but firm also goes on smoothly ! love my brushes in black , can wait to get more !
this shampoo smells great and my scalp feels amazing . my hair feels clean but not overly dry . also it smells awesome .
the color flakes off and looks horrible after about an hour of wear . it also dried my lips out . i gave it away after the first use .
i have been buying the bedhead superstar for volume for years . this epic volume works just as well . i have tried others & bedhead is the best .
these colors are beautifully collated , they all look great next to each other . they're very creamy and pigmented and overall really great to work with .
i have been adding this to my moisturizer . it smells great and i feel moisturized when i use it . smells good :)
this shampoo is fabulous ! smells great , leaves hair soft , shiny & very silky feeling ! well worth the money & will buy over & over .
such a happy color . opi is always my go to brand because they hold up better and have a great selection of colors
not what i had expected in polish remover holder , two were broke and one just not work . they just aren't what i can use
just what i needed , great deal . shipping was quick and it came in one piece . dropped it a couple times and it hasn't broken
this is the nail color set to get . the metallic colors are hot . i bought two sets of this one . recommend getting this one .
goes on nice and smooth . hides all the little things i don't want noticed without looking like i am wearing makeup . would order again
i love the color and texture of my lashes when using this product , but by the end of the work day , it runs and looks smudgy .
i have tried lots of different brands of shampoo and conditioner and nexxus is definitely one of my very favorites . i also like the smell .
it honestly looks like you have been bleeding all day and have dry lips . other then that it has a lot of product and came on expected date .
this is a nice daily face lotion that holds in moisture and keeps your skin feeling smooth and soft for the entire day .
this is a great eyeshadow palette with a large selection of color ! ! i will definitely buy more of this as well ! !
i had my gallbladder removed and since always had trouble eating . now i take one of these before meals and no more bloating or constipation problems .
we picked this up for winter vacation and it was nice sunscreen to have - we didn't burn and over all felt it great product .
to me theses 32 pcs black rod makeup brush cosmetic set kit with case seem to be a little harder than i like .
rhinestones are dull and i'm sorry but there are not 2400 pieces in there , not even close ! highly disappointing :(
this color looks wonderful on me ( african american ) ! i love , love , love it ! i think every aa woman should have this color .
good quality nail polish with the perfect color i was looking for . something like a robin egg blue . the polish isn't thin like cheaper brands .
they are so tiny and cute . though they are very small they actually do hold alot in them . totally worth it
love these cloths . they suds up fast and remove all traces of makeup . they have a nice smell . i will continue to purchase .
it's not working as well as i would have predicted .. i didn't buy the monad polish and it seems that the regular polishes don't stick to the transfer well
this makes my hair dull and coarse . this cost's way too much for the end results . buy something else.smells good though .
i would really buy more of these little fingers ... they are very easy to handle ... and easy to use .. so get it if you want it .
i like the black castor oil alot better than this . i hardly use this oil , the few times i used it , it dried out my hair .
these pads are great . they're much better than the store brands or swisspers in that they don't fall apart and they don't leave lint all over the place .
after reading the reviews , i thought this mascara would be amazing . it's alright , nothing to get too excited about . definitely not bad though
this helped with my hair breakage alot ... have only been using it every 2 weeks too soon b to tell for hair growth ... will update
i bought this thinking it would be good to carry in my purse ; it is kinda bulky and messier than i thought it would be .
it was recommended by my sister so i had to try it . it was great and i was happy with it .
cerave moisturizer is good , and i thought this would be great . but , the lotion feels heavy . soft moisturizing as advertised .
i do like it . it does feel a little like velvet on the lips . i recommend it for a everyday regular wear . good .
can get cheaper at body shop.com . http://www.thebodyshop-usa.com/ all products are cheaper on the website . tea-tree is great for troubled skin .
i bought this product hoping to be the best , but oh surprise ... not good ! ! will not stick my lashes on at all !
another great produce by sweetsation - use it every day and it's light and lovely . i really like these products .
this cap holds all my hair perfectly , it's stretchy & it doesn't rip easily i just haven't used it all day yet
i love the white shoulder powder and parfume scent . its such a beautiful scent , as i remembered it , i'm glad i decided to try it again .
my hand needed a lotion that would not get all over me . i knit a lot and that dries my hands so it is great .
this is a nice product , good toner and cleaner for face and neck . i would recommend use if this product .
the glitter in this polish is great ! i put this on every color i have just for a little attitude with my nails .
it was kind of hark working with these , i really dont like to brisles . i will say i some brushes for concealer , applying highlight and glitter
something you must have in your cleaning daily kit ! ! the best ever , also convine with the facil cleaner from olay >
may need to give it more time , but i am seeing a small reduction in wrinkles around my eyes . nice size jar .
these aren't as big or as full as the picture looks , but they are great for the price you pay ! they look professional !
a great variety pack with all nice smelling scents . i would buy it again . a great value for my house .
good product and convenient way to purchase it . it is hard to find specific products at the store . i was happy with this purchase .
it feels and smells nice , i've been using it for 6 months or more now and i don't notice a difference on my face
it's not too sticky or crunchy and does give your hair body . unlike a mousse it won't make your hair frizzy ; i really like this product .
this is the exact color as the image shows , it is made well , easy to use & fun to wear . i'll order from them again .
i use this . sadly my hair is greying and this is my lifeline before i can re dye my hair .
my skin loves this moisturizer and just takes it in leaving my skin looking hydrated and healthy ... i would recommend this product because it works .
this little bottle does what it is supposed to do , and its cheap . i use it for my rose water face mist .
the consistency on this stuff is so nice . scent is very good . it really made my hair soft . great for use during pregnancy .
one of my favorite body washes . it has a clean citrus smell but isn't to overpowering . it's unisex too . my boyfriend likes it also .
this is the sunscreen the dermetologist recommended . it is disgustingly expensive at the drug store . at amazon it was much more affordable .
wow ... really impressed by the quality of this wig . the style is great , very full and looks identical to the picture displayed . highly recommend .
elta md uv shield is a decent product , however it really dries my face out . i probably won't buy this product again and look for something else .
this shadow is ok it is well pigmented but i notice i have to pile it on and use colors similar on top from my other palette .
i only use this when my hair is really really dry . its too greasy to use as an everyday product .
great selling product that detangles your hair without leaving a heavy residue like the original it's a ten does . my favorite of the whole line .
you do not get 3,000 rhinestones , maybe 1,000 ( maybe ) . the tweezers and dotting tools are great though ! still not the best .
i wrote u to tell u your item doesn't blow air much how can i send a picture of something like that it was just a waste of $ 2.99
nourishing lotion with a great smell . absorbs quickly and doesn't leave my skin feeling greasy . great lotion and good price .
i have naturally oily skin and this feels light and greaseless . keeps my face moisturized , great under makeup . odor-free . ( can't stand some smells . )
usually i dont like powder but , i like it and i think its useful to many . i prefer it because of the color .
nicer in person . better quality than expected . great selection of sizes . easy to grip for more accurate designs . very happy ! would buy again .
use this morning and night as part of my cleansingregime and it has made a big difference in my skin .
i use this at home as a spa treatment and love it . it is a frugal way to obtain spa level care at home.thank you amazon.comregards , olgac
just ot for a stocking stuffer for christmas , just a comb set so what more can you really say , its a nice set
these don't fall apart when used with a liquid and the edges aren't rough or sharp . they stand up to removing polish without tearing or shredding .
i cleans nicely , yes . but it irritated my scalp . i got red bumps from it , so i will not use it .
this is a great product for you and someone . the nail designs are amazing and so very easy to apply !
this is the perfect shade of nude . at 2 coats , it's semi-opaque . i'm asian with cool undertones and this is an amazingly versatile shade .
should have put in better packaging .. shea butter smeared everywhere .. but the grade of the butter seems real good .. just use better packaging
i'm not too crazy about this scent . i personally prefer egyptian goddess , love and aphrodesia . to me , its a bit overbearing .
this is very good for removing all the layers i have on my nails after one week of applying strengthener . very pleased with it .
great highlighter ! placement is important . i suggest anyone learn proper placement before using any highlighter . great quality product ! i would rcommnd !
this heated curler works really well . it heats up slightly and curls my eyelashes perfectly . i highly recommend this .
i love the smell of this perfume but ordered this for my sister as a gift . it is a nice size and arrived within a week .
this topcoat is seriously the best i have ever used . i'm convinced a wizard created it . it dries super fast and super shiny .
everything is exactly what i wanted and there are more than i couldn't couldn't buyhere for the price love the variety
i live black anything so with nail polish it was only right and it has a hard cover when you double coat it
need it . use it . eye dr . recommends ... best of the best . constantly re-order when out . service is more than exceptional kent oram
i think it's way too expensive and seriously not that special . kinda disappointed . i'll stick to drugstore versions ! just okay .
helps my nails become stronger and grow longer.great for base coat but not the longest wear ever or anything.still holy grail product for weak and breaking nails .
i really like this cologne . it goes on great and dry down is amazing . i will buy it again .
love this product , feels amazing on the skin instantly gives the appearance of healthy natural skin .. major plus the spf 30 protection from the sun harmful rays ..
hard to find this particular version of this product on the store shelves . very effective in getting good results.will buy again .
decent color and not sticky . lightweight and good quality . it's a good buy , definitely for the price . a must have for summer .
i gave this as a gift and my friend loves it ! she used to heat a traditional curler with her blow dryer and now she doesn't have to .
they seem to be great and work great and they look like they will last me a long time ... :) ! ! !
yuck yuck , does not smell nice . i gave it away and don't like the smell at all . will not buy it again . cheap
this is a great matte white , i use it for highlighting my whole face . i would use it and recommend to everyone !
i bought one for myself and i loved it . it's very good quality and very strong and hold everything very well
just got them today there 13 days early so im happy and cant wait to use them they all there 10 off them not bad at all :)
received this exactly on time ! hope it works as good as our others . my daughter loves he color ! thank you !
i got these to fix my nails after i pulled my fake ones off . it did help with the ridges and holes the acrylic left .
you need a very small amount of this product to do it's job . it's great ! it arrived on time and in good packaging .
wow it was good i love the smell , and the quantity.was awesome package and when i smell it i want to taste it too .
i just love opi nail polish , this is a great color , and i am very happy i got it
i like it no complaints still have extra put away so good i dont want to ruin them thank u
works great with my gel system . used this for french tips . going to try some polka dots like others tried in the pics . love it !
i could not find this product in my local stores . love to put a little on linens ... bring back childhood memories .
i have tried different powders but i always come back to this product it works great for me and its a good price .
this stuff works like any other cheap nail polish remover . it does it's job , but not exceptionally well or anything . there are better removers out there .
this stuff is amazing . it smells lovely and the oil is dry . makes your hair more manageable . i will order again .
i really like this on my face as it feels good and goes on smoothly . i wear moisturizer over it and am most happy with the result .
this is nice for a change from black or brown mascara . i like the product and so far no problems with flaking .
it's fine , but it doesn't give the bronze color i was looking for , i felt that it's very light on my skin .
very fine glitter . easy to apply . great colors and the price was right . love the easy to use little pots .
brilliant blue color . very bright very electric . essie polishes never disappoint . needs a topcoat , other than that it's perfect . my fav hue of blue .
it did not help my dandruff at all . in fact my hair didn't even feel clean after using this shampoo . i don't recommend it ! !
i love this body wash . it softens your skin without all the chemicals and it smells wonderful . i send this to my grandaughter in college also
shipment was right on time which was great ! i love the way it works and looks on my lips ! last all day long
i have had these for nearly a year . still working great and in excellent shape . these lasted longer than my mac set !
this would be just fine as far as color and quality but it tangles just looking at it so i can't give it any more stars .
best curler i've used--have purchased several of these for myself andfor others , as gifts . i use it daily , with great results .
i have used carrot oil in my african-american coily hair off and on for several years and it works great . i also love the smell . ummmm !
i'm so happy i bought this palette , the colors are so rich and pigmented and they're so versatile , you can do lots of different looks with this .
works fine but i still like the sally hanson rapid dissolving cuticle gel better . this was more cost effective though .
my favorite cream for the day . it is not greasy and it gives me a great foundation for the makeup .
i love it ! it gets hot really quick and makes my hair nice and shiny ! the price for this product was a a bargain .
precise but dries out , i also didn't care too much for the texture , very messy when trying to fix mistakes .
i like pinks and mauves on my lips and this pink lip stick is beautiful on me and my skin tone .
i like this brush . for the price i paid for it , it does the job . i would definitely buy again ..
these are going to be so super fun ... there are lots of colors adn cant wait to use it for makeup at halloween
wonderful for dry hair or in dry climates . wonderful shipping and will purchase again in future even works on my dogs hair . thank you
i loved it again it was pretty matched my dress i had on its cute . i thought it was great
these brushes are very good quality for the price and the travel bag is nice to keep the excess powder from getting all over everything in my makeup bag .
great product that doesn't flake off and truly is waterproof . removes easily with eye makeup remover . i use balm products eye makeup remover .
here is a practical luxury for your everyday life .. a nice fine foaming hand soap that is fragrance free and dispenses easily with one push .
it is pretty and the quality is nice . i found it to be light enough to wear without causing any pain as in most metal hair accessories .
this mood gel polish is the talk of wherever i go . those that know can tell when i'm warm and cool by the color of my nails .
loving this product so far - it's light , not greasy and virtually no scent . i use a lot of burt's bees products and have always been happy !
i love these brushes ! ! soft , firm tips and good size handles . you can really make a nice design with these ...
image is clear and concise and stamps are interesting and of a nice variety . so far no problems yet and i am happy with product .
goes on easily . great color and quality . great for when i don't want to use straight up black . but it still looks sultry .
i love the color of this pencil . it goes well when i am putting it in to fill my eyebrows . i will keep buying this .
love this gel ! it has strong hold but no build-up or flaking . it keeps my edges flat and neat all day .
konad special stamping polish works great for konad plates . it's thick and doesn't dry out too fast while stamping .
it is very inexpensive , but beautiful.you will love it . i thought it would be cheap , but it wasn't . it works .
i loved the smell of it and it does work to a certain point .. it doesn't really get the job done if you wanna get really tan
i bought these to try and they work great we really like this product and would recommend this to friends .
i did not like it finished the whole bottle and no change , i would not reccomend it try panoxyl it is way better
nice even peel . pretty powerful stuff . recommended for folks with past peel experience . remember to protect skin from sun wind and weather .
very hard on the skin ... gave a bumps all over my face after 1 time use ... very drying tooand i have oily skin ...
soaks in , good product , small amount comes out when you push the top , so no waste or contamination . i like olay products
love how natural this brow pencil looks ! it's definitely worth the price , and it has saved me alot of time in the mornings :)
it seemed more transparent and glittery in person , while on line it looked more frosted . but i will make do with it .
i wouldnt recommend this to anybody because it does not work at all and it hurts so so bad . i didnt like it at all
love the coverage give me that flawless finish ... but beware it only takes a little to get the job done right
i do a lot of nail art and they are perfect for cutting striping tape , etc . will order again if needed .
this an expensive trial kit . it states 96 % of users will experience firmer skin in just 4 weeks . this kit will not last 4 weeks .
comes in handy for after surgery when you can't shower but still don't want to smell like a garbage dump .
love this striping tape . it adds a cool flare to any nail design , plus it's so easy to use so you can get creative with it .
rubbed off on my coat ... charming . the color wasn't quite right . i see how they sold it so cheap . doesn't remove cleanly .
goes on nice . didn't chip for two weeks . you can easily wear it alone or put it on top of other colors and totally cahnge the look
these are so cute looks so good and sparkly on the nail . there a good size on the nail
i like this scent , it's a little on the fruity / flowery side . not as nice as the regular fantasy .
i have horribly frizzy hair . i have tried everything . i really didn't think this product would be any different than any other but it is !
their a bit small for my head but it stays on at night so i can't complain . i like it .
we used this in belize - hot sun ! we didn't get a sunburn at all . love the mist spray , it covers so nicely
dark spots are less prominent , but not completely gone . still have to cover them with a bit more make-up . ( used morning and night . )
this is a nice product . its the third time that i've bought this and i like it . very soothing and no reactions
i really love these little bows they are really cute and look so nice on nails . i love all the different colors it comes with 😸 ! ! !
i've always had difficulties finding a bottle that really mist my hair . this bottle works perfectly . it's a really good investment . you won't be disappointed .
this gray cover up works well - sort of resembles a crayon and is a bit on the dry side , but it does work !
this little gadget is an easy way to make long hair attractive when it is pulled back . i like it a lot .
i usually like all the tresemme products but this one tops the list as it really controls hair fall and makes my hair smooth and shiny .
my hair was too short for this and i found it uncomfortable for me to use . i returned the product and will try rollers instead .
i absolutely love kiehl's and this product does not disappoint . cleanses well without drying . a happy new addition to my routine .
meow ! this was a great purchase i bought as a gift and they loved it so i would highly recommend this to anyone considering this
this crap destroyed my skin .. my face was peeling and bleeding . if you've got sensative skin , stay away from this product ! don't waste your money ...
so many nails in great condition ! good quality , came earlier then expected , and i'm very pleased ! thanks so much , and i recommend this product !
this product really does get the job done with the hyaluronic acid serum with vitamins c and e what a great combination . i would recommend this product
this color ... it is pinkish very girly color . it can be easily combined with other pinks of the brand or oranges . i love essie
this is so pigmented , the best yellow gold . its really great , i love all these quads , you cant go wrong
not sure about this one yet i have not seen any difference so in a few months i will add to review
this did not appear new . when i tried it the blade is dull as well . it looks worn and i will have to purchase another one .
haven't noticed any dramatic changes , but have only used this product twice a week in about 4 , as suggested .
leaves my hair soft and feeling strong . i put it on before i go to bed and wake up pliable and ready for the day !
you get so many of them ! being white , they can be carefully painted any color , so i will definitely re-purchase !
this is a good color for all year long . i have been using as a neutral color because i am so fair .
i love all paris ' perfumes , this isn't my favorite but it still smells really good and for the price on amazon it's def worth it .
smells great smooth and creamy . fragrance is not over powering.what more can be said but it is a good product .
i heard this was an amzing product , but it's certainly not for everyone . this made my hair gummy , greasy looking and flat as a pancake .
product was packaged nice and i love the color will be one of my summers favorites ! 5 stars ! ! ! i will recommend my friends thanks !
love , love , love this product ! very moisturizing , didn't cause any breakouts and it smells amazing ! used as mask and face wash .
didn't realy need this brush i don't know why i purchase it ! it might be good for other's but for me just setting in the corner
just a little dull , but the packaging was great , every slot is packed full ! these are tiny things , but that's what i wanted !
i love this stuff . i have seen a lot of growth since using this and a lot less breaks . i am very happy with this product .
no dou 5 stars por que achei que deixou a pele um pouco oleosa ... mas quando misturo com outra fica uma pele bem trabalhada ;)
great brush . sturdy , soft and thick bristles ! ! i would definitely recommend this brush . ! did i mention the brush was reasonable lol !
absolutely love it ! now i cannot live without it ! i didnt think it will make a big difference but it does !
color is not what i had thought - - a little too dark . but i kept it and used with a lighter color .
leaves my skin soft and feeling really clean . i see improvement of my skin tone after one use . evens out splotchey redness .
this does a nice job of giving a natural highlight . however , you need to look in natural light to make sure you blended everything together .
this product used with a gd . exfolating mitt makes your skin soft and leaves it glowing . it's a great product !
if you take the yes boxes that are different cucumbers , grapefruit , blueberries etc.all of the ingredients are the same ! ! ! marketing strategies by yes .
nice colors it last along time good price love it color stay on all day i will buy two more
this does absolutely nothing . it is even too soft to brush an infants hair ... how this could even be called an exfoliating brush is beyond me .
didn't work for my skin tone but can switch colors . good value and product consistency is very good and pricing is good .
really thick consistency , and weighs my hair down , but it does hold in moisture so im kind of in the middle .
ive been using this for a few years now . great product . i wish it came in a larger size so that i could keep it stocked up
this product heats very fast and is smooth and slender . just perfect . never used the brand before but really impressed . would buy from this brand again .
i ordered the light version for my daughters promotional ceremony for school and i received the dark version . extremely disappointed ! ! !
i use this one to hold on to the sock bun curl ( check out you-tube for that one ) helps it hold through the night
purchased this item and love it ! it is thick and great quality and keeps my drawer organized . very happy customer .
they are a little big for my nail but i actually love them i sont care about the size i just know ima be using them alot .
unlike the pic it does not stay closed after you've managed to put it on . its a waste totally .
a little too dry and hard .. colors are true to color on end .
cute and all 40 was there but you have to wear them on acrylic or long nails in order to look right
this is the perfect eyeliner . it's a great price , goes on smoothly , and stays on until i take it off !
this concealer are very helpful for my professional make up business they are solid and very nice i will buy more soon .
i use this palette to highlight and contour my face . it is great . it provides great coverage and doesn't feel heavy on my skin .
this is one of my favorite colors . try it with the yellow additive ... it is awesome ! also great by itself .
great polish ! dries fast and goes on smooth . i like the clear a lot better than the colors from essie .
viva la juicy is one of my favorite perfumes and to get this size for such a great price was awesome .
i wish they had a curve to them for your nails but they are super cute ! they do look good on your nails .
this is my first face brush and it's really great ! i got it for a great price as well . love it !
love these they are super soft which surprised me for the price . my only regret is not ordering another set to have which i might do
i am very satisfy with the quality and all . the stamping plates work great on both the special and regular polish . i recommend this product .
this product is very cheap quality . it is not studio quality for sure . the brushes shed horribly . i returned this for a full refund .
this is a great product that my husband uses every day . his doc recommended it to him . less expensive here than at docs office .
this product i use for my plaque psoriasis . it works quite well . some people combine it with alcohol free witch hazel .
this comb does not detangle your hair wet or dry . i do detest false advertisement . keep your money in your pocket .
it's okay i do not like the fact that it has mineral oil , as one of the ingredients . i think it is a mediocre conditioner !
the look so cute on my nails and are so worth the money great buy for anybody . they have so many colors and will match with everything .
received this item quickly . definitely worth the reasonable price . i will certainly recommend this site and this item to others
i like this product better in the winter than summer . it seemed to make my face more oily .
it has all you need in a moisturizer . it softens , smooth and it smells really nice and clean . try it
horrible cheap plastic eyelashes ... my friend laugh about me when i wear it at home just to see how it looks like ...
may hair did not feel clean at all after using this stuff . my bff swears by it but i could not stand it .
each colour is so vibrant . they look great all together and alone . i am happy with my purchase . the smell is minimal too
i ended up giving this to my bestie cuz she ran out of her normal brand . she loved it ! ! =)
my friend put make up and it lasted for more than 24 houers as if it was just made perfect thing for every lady
blends into skin perfectly and does not feel heavy on skin . once you have the right shade it will look great !
this product is gentle on my 15 months skin & creates lots of bubbles for his bath time . you get a lot in one bottle too .
i got them for nail art and they do the job ... cant complain ... now i just need to fill the required words .
this was one of the better body butters i have used . i prefer the original since it has less fragrance . i would purchase this again .
i have extensions and this doesn't catch in them or pull hard . highly recommended if you have hair extensions or long hair !
i love this palette i used it every day the colors are so pretty . you dont need much a bit goes a long way
this makes my skin soo smooth ! within just 1 week my skin was smoother , softer and more even . no breakouts since , give it a try
they are very long extensions so i trimmed them up a bit but they clip in easily . i get lots of compliments . getting more colors .
i guess like anything if you have oily skin it is going to be oily . there is no magical powder .
i use these more then i thought i would . they can be used doing many different designs . work well clean up easy .
excellent product . it is very concentrated and leaves my hair feeling really soft and silky . it also works wonderfully on my dry skin .
purchased these for a makeup application class i was taking . the package was just as described and these lip gloss wands work well .
as with all nyx round lipsticks , the consistency is extremely creamy . this color comes off as mauve / rose with neutral undertones .
gold turns silver but its alright . its a little hard to stay on cause you need glue dont use regular nail polish .
this stamper and scraper are durable , cute , and yield very good and clear results for nail stamping . i am quite pleased with them !
this is a beautiful color . if you want true non blue based red hair that is a light color - this is the one .
i love both the color of this polish and the gorgeous holographic that goes with it . works well as a base or for stamping .
this is a great soap . it lathers well and last a very long time . it leaves me with a clean fresh feeling .
fits like they should and come in a little box . i only scrub once a day so they last quite a bit longer than 3 months .
it seems good , time will really tell . it is more sudsy than i thought it would be , but you feel clean .
i feel like this dove shampoo is the same quality as pantene . however , i got a much better price for a liter of pantene from amazon .
this product is so nice ! the brushes are very soft and everythings beautiful ! i really do love this product alot
love the color and it is healthy to use . i feel the price is also good . will order more in the future .
i really like this product they glide on so easy and love the colors and received them really fast . recommend
i'm starting my own nail business . i needed to know how long things take in the mail . i got my package on time ur awesome ! .
olay overall is the best product . i've been using this as if it is my foundation and it really covers all
love love love this soap ! it has a wonderful light scent and it doesnt dry my sensitive skin out like most bar soaps do
j bkj hb jhb jhb jhb jhb khbk hbjh guys jh gh buy jhv jhb jhj hbj bi jhb jhb
great quality and very useable . not like the cheap kind you find at the drugstore or elsewhere . i like the two ends for different size nails .
perfect for a french manicure :) also looks great as a solid color on nails . use 2 coats minimum though if you are doing the whole nail .
nice aromatherapy scented oil but not worth the money . gimmicky dropper for the oil . i'll stick with good ol ' coconut oil for the future .
this is my first time using a product like this and i really like it . it makes my face look awesome !
this tool works perfectly and easily . i wish i had it before i spent tons of cash on acne products that haven't worked . this one's a keeper .
i love this color ... it's beautiful very flattering and perfect for fall which was exactly what i wanted ! i'm very happy with this purchase ! ! !
the smell was awful to me . but thats just me . maybe it smells great to others . i gave mine away .
perfect sized rhinestones . i enjoyed using them on my latest polish and they are not too big . they are the perfect size .
i like the covergirl brand but i just didn't like this blus . 1 . lacks pigmentation 2 . smells bad and lingers all day 3 . breaks me out
not so bad . the pack was really simple and the thing is really small . kinda like it . not so bad
good value to have a collection of brushes , but i can't think of what i'd use half of them for - and i do alot of nail art .
smells so sweet and light , love it and will reorder when coming close to running out . saves me the trip to the mall .
this is my favorite body wash , smells great and makes my skin soft . love that i can order it in a three pack .
the bristles fall out all the time . i wouldn't buy this again . i think there are better brushes out these there .
i didn't care for it but that's only my opinion . every one's different so you might like it . bye for now .
i don't really like the smell but it is thin and does dry clear , therefore , applying makeup on top of it works fine . i prefer elta .
i constantly get comments about how good i smell and people asking what scent i'm wearing . i don't wear any other perfume anymore .
not your ordinary blendable compact . i was impressed how well it went on and blended . i had a few imperfections to conceal and it worked great .
seriously looks good not an everyday look but love it for dinners always seems to sparkle in restaurants ! and looks great over foundation or none !
this product is wonderful , i recommend same to my friends , they compliment me on my skin always , retinol face cream works please keep product .
this stuff works great . it is well worth the money . i works better than proactive has worked for me and cheaper
its soo good ! blends my foundation in amazingly ! and its small which i like . its easier to get in to all the parts of my face .
if you're one of those girls with long eyelashes and want some added volume these are for you . adds some volume
these brushes are affordable and they are soft and really comfortable to use . great for everyday use and easy to carry around . fits neatly in my makeup bag
i have loved and used this scent for almost 4 years , it is so great ! and many compliments ! i love escada !
i love doing my own nails and this cuticle oil is the best i've tried in a long time . highly recommend !
it is easy to wear and style , and it is a great color . i can't wait to wear it out !
gets the job done and you get four for half the price at the store . will be purchasing again soon .
this photo is obviously incorrect . the true colour is a more dark metalic lavender . i can never get enough of this polish .
used this product a few times and did not notice a difference . probably will just go to a professional salon .
this was my first foundation brush and i think it's really good quality . the bristles are smooth are its easy to clean .
my hair is getting thin hoped this would help but i do not see that much of a difference . to bad
i really liked the color and consistency of this gloss . the color is beige but it's more mauve , just needs to stay on longer .
these are so fun to use . i love them and they are great quality . i can not stop using them
one of my favorite types ! ... will get more again ! awesome deal .. natural enough for those glamour gals hat . want to wear lashes during day
these are very nice brushes especially for the price ! mine work fantasically . i use them for nail art and love them .
with a name like rapid wrinkle repair , i expected to notice results in 8 - 12 weeks . i didn't notice any change . :(
this cream comes on smooth and smells pleasant . it blends in perfectly with my skin tone and doesn't feel heavy at all .
nice product , anyway . i bought it long long ago and used it up very quickly . the only problem is it may not fit me so much .
love this scent , i get lots of complements when i wear it . very clean and fresh scent not to over whelming
thus serum works great for my fine lines . it absorbs nicely ! love it !
smells exactly like the one i bought from the department store , it's definitely legitimate and real . i love the smell ! !
i can tell the difference in my hair when using the moroccan oil products and other products . i would highly recommend .
i don't used it every day , but it dose nice . i will used it till finsh . but not sure will bought a gain
i like this lipstick ! ! ! the only thing is since i'm african american it doesn't look as good on me though .
this is a great value for your money . i am able to use this product for different styles for my hair .
i purchased this based on reviews and ... my husband is wild over this perfume , that's all i need to say . it is a must have .
great for out of a shower on face . not greasy , no oil in this one , does not agrivate acne !
amazing aroma ! fabulous lingering scent on the skin . really does give that sensual romantic feel . highly recommended especially for the stay at home mom .
definitely would recommend these brushes because there is a brush for everything you may need to do makeup . also it comes in a cute pink case .
i have recieved numerous compliments on this color , i would discribe it as being navy blue with a tint of purple in the light and dark turquoise .
this was way too dark for me , but that is what i get for buying makeup online . i can't expect perfection without even seeing the makeup .
has gentle fragrance and scent does not overpower you . seems to have a lot of oil and is great for dry skin . pretty color too .
it is what it is and it works great , my daughter and her friends love it too ! turn the cap different directions for added fun .
i am currently on accutane , and my skin and lips are sooo dry waxelene has helped me soooo much ! nothing negative to say about it .
a good cream with excellent ingredients that really does work to make your skin look firmer and smoother . highly recommended .
nasty smell and it dried my hair out big time ... this stuff doesn't seem to be right ... dont waste your money !
some larger easier to handle crystals which makes it easier to use . nice variety of shapes delivered within promised guidelines
best hair pick i have ever owned . great after hot rollers to separate curls and create a little volume . will probably purchase a backup .
good clean energy lasted 4-5 hours , no jitters . stack this caffeine with green tea extract pills and lose some weight .
this product has the greatest density for laying down french nails . it has great covering capacity if one prefers to lay it over areas that need concealing .
excellent excellent eye cream . my eyes immiadetely looked different and the black circles are starting to disappear . i absolutely recommend this eye cream .
very nice it is easy and you really do it your self and with the differ and sizes for many designs
i like the color and it feels pretty cool in your skin . i would like it to have more product .
conceals perfectly , just what i was looking for.this works for me as does the dream mousse.maybelline just has the best products .
this color is all about summer . looks so natural and clean . makes your nail stand out and look like a professional person did them .
as far as toners go this was amazing ! ! ! a must repurchase for me . love the smell and it leaves my skin super hydrated
it's not much as i thought and the containers are so small this product will be gone before you know it .
it feels so good on my face ! it is a mud mask i will be ordering over and over ! its a must try for anyone !
i love it ! and will continue using it but it's fade out after 2 hours :( great price btw . in the duty free it's cost $ 80
it was too hard to hold stencil in place and then fill in with the pencil or brush . that's all !
took a little long to come in but it's nice , colors a little bright , not an every day wear but i'm happy with it
it's ok in removing eye makeup.it ' s gentle , but it does leave greasy residue behind . i don't think i will buy this again .
this is perfect for your items ill be purchasing this again :-) when i got time worth every penny ! shany is a amazing company
so far i'm a fan of real techniques brushes . the price is reasonable and the quality is just as good as more expensive brushes .
my daughter uses this product and likes it very much . she says that it curls her hair without burning it .
love it so beautiful exactly as pictured and how i expected ! i definitely want a few more colors so excited to have this one
smells great , a little goes a long way , it gets a great ewg score , and even my husband likes it .
i loved this blush brush , it is just fabulous to use and blends very well , worth the price . i would highly recommend .
i received this on time . i've been using this product for two years now and i love it ! it's helped my skin so much !
it appears to the same as " ruby stone " , seems that it always leaves my nail edges a little rough and have to try and smooth .
these will last me a lifetime : ) exactly what i was looking for . perfect stiff but not abrasive . wish that came in another color though : )
i liked the shine it gave my hair , but by the afternoon , my head looked a bit too oily . and didn't really like the smell
i love this little bow my custumers love it too . i do recomend to have available in your shop for your custumers .
this was a good value for your standard men's comb . i bought these as an add on and have been happy with them so far .
i was very happy with the quality and performance of these stamps . very comparible to konad and bundle monster . great value !
i bought this one as a gift to my sister and she love it . recommend this one as a gift . good quality and brand .
the only reason i didn't give this a 5 is because i received more gold than silver but overall i love these
i was nervous that it would tear out my hair as these brushes usually do . this was not the case . i really like it .
this feels good going on the skin but i can't say i see any difference in diminishing wrinkles . maybe i didn't give it enuf time ?
i use olay complete on my face in the morning and at night before bed . it makes my face feel so soft and smooth .
i show this palette to my sisters & cousins then latterly everyone was fighting over it plus it worked beautifully to each of our different skin tones ! !
this is a deep beautiful color , almost black with purplish reddish undertones . it almost looks like a deep black cherry , just lovely .
when i first got this product i thought it felt very cheap , but i have put mine through a lot and they are very durable and work fantastically !
for acne ? ? ? not make scene on me . i used it everyday but my back rash still the same . what a shame
nice i like it alot reccomened by me so buy it bc i said so ok ? ok . swag doe aye
arrived fairly quickly and are beautiful . used them on a client with gel top coat and they've lasted 2 weeks no problem ! beautiful fun addition to nails .
i am really loving the quality of sigma brushes . this one is perfect for applying brush or powder . i use it for applying bronzer too .
i love this glitter polish . its very easy to work with , no fishing necessary and it is very pretty as well .
this polish makes a really cool effect when used as a top coat over a dark or bright nail polish .
the thicker one was a bit tooooo dramatic but its fun to wear . and the other one i still haven't gotten to wear it yet : 3
colors last all day and minimal to no creasing ! comparable to , if not better than , ud , and you can't beat the price ! ! !
great dotting tools that work excellently for creating nail art . comes with a convenient little case to keep everything organized .
this is a good stamper . very smooth and picks up designs very easy . the scraper is ok and gets the job done .
these false eyelashes are a little much for me , i'd rather have less over the top falsies to wear for everyday .
great stuff will buy again , i look like a movie star and my dog likes it too , and i am hot
a bit dark for my taste . gelish products are hard to remove and i like cnd products better than gelish .
i like these and the convenience of having them delivered - use every night :)
i bought this for my wife and she really likes it , she says it's the best hair dryer she has ever used in her life .
i have been using this diffuser forever ! it is great for curly hair ... no frizz , lightweight . perfect for travel also .
very good product for those who dont want the shiny look all the time , for their nails .
works great . love it ! makes wonderful stylish waves . it is definitely not like the old 80s style crimpers at all .
great for french manicure . i really like the harmony gelish . it lasts for several weeks . looks nice . cures fast with the uv light .
it's not what i thought it was going to be . instead of getting nail tips , got got full nails . very dissapointed .
so versatile and affordable ! i will always have this product stocked in my house . you can use it for practically anything !
some many selections out of this set ! i love the thin brush it is perfect for intricate designs . this is a great deal
works really nicely on my sparse eyelashes . it thickens and builds them up without clumping . i love it ... what more can i say ...
excellent price ! nice array of colors . they go on easily . i like that they are small , which makes them good for travel .
i have been using this for only a few days , but wow what a difference i've noticed . no more itchy skin .
this is a great bath product and it smells very nice . not overwhelming at all . this is a repeat purchase waiting to happen .
i am so happy with the brushes , i can't believe i get this many makeup brushes for the price . i now have all the brushes i need !
these make the perfect dots for your nails , i also use them for picking up my rhinestones . i highly recommend this product
received quickly , fantastic product , very large images , perfect for full nails or french h tips ! ! ! highly recommended for nail art !
this is absolutely one of the greatest kitchen inventions of the past decade . no touch handsoap . nice design and great fragrance .
amazing product . gorgeous skin . works quickly . dries up blemishes in a sitch ! will repurchase again and again ! definitely part of my beauty regime !
i like the hold that it has onmy hair ... cheaper then what it is from the wen companycame quicker then waiting for the packet
love my plates . tons of different but very usable designs . i am pleased with my purchase and would order this brand again .
this product is not organic ! it is free of paraben free and free of other " bad " ingredients but it's also free of organic ingredients . #misleading .
love this cuticle oil , dissolves into cuticles quickly and not greasy at all ... makes my cuticles look nourished and clean . love .
add just a little water and each cloth will lather up quite nicely . not the best exfoliator but it definitely takes off your makeup .
this has worked well for me even in the winter months . i highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good lotion .
good quality and fast shipping . i recommend these tweezers one hundred percent to anyone hesitant on purchasing them .
i love all big sexy hair products and i really like this even for just let my hair air dry to waves .
this brush are so helpful when i make manicure very easy to usewell made have good quality material so far work ok
bottles are only halfway full , but with ten bottles for so cheap , who cares ? glue is strong and lasted me a week .
i have a bit of hyperpigmentation on one of my cheeks and used this religiously for months-made absolutely no difference in my skin .
i love this cleanser , clean all makeup off without over drying my middle aged skin ! ! ! it's affordable too , love that !
this is a nail design lovers dream . there are so many designs and this product is great quality , at a great price . :-) :-) :-)
it does the job , still better than using fingers to remove blackheads , dont press it too hard on skin it may cause redness .
after trying a ton of other black polishes to stamp with , this polish is the top of the line for image stamping on to base colored nails .
have been using for about 6 months . not sure it worked but sure did not hurt . so giving a 3 star .
smells great ... fresh and clean . not " old-ladyish " . the one drawback is it doesn't seem to last long .
this is a very smart way to remove acrylic nails we love them at our nail salon thank you so much
this is very tight and holds well on the head . shipping takes a long time so dont order it too late if its for a holiday .
only stamper i've ever tried , so i can't compare it to anything else , but it does exactly what it's meant to do , so no complaints !
it made great storage for my wigs and i made faces for them all and names . its kool no bad things to say . great buy
this foundation is amazing ! it has great coverage and best of all it does not leave me oily at all it gives like a matte finish !
more or less useless . it just doesn't stay on long enough to work ! it needs to be bigger with more elastic .
you need a really stiff brush to get a decent amount . love the color though nice and subtle however i wouldnt get it again .
i like putting on face lotion before i put my makeup on . this lotion just doesn't feel like it even moisturizes your face ): stopped using after one use
these look natural and they make your eyes pop . they are long and full . they are the perfect everyday and going out lashes i have ever bought .
this is a nice facial mask . i would have given it five stars , but i found that it left my face a little dried out .
i wasn't quite sure what to expect , but was pleasantly surprised by three good quality brushes . not top quality , but near it , for the price .
goes on well , last long and makes my lashes look even longer as well as thick---difficult to find in some stores , will buy some more
i have used this product for years and have periodically tried otherbrands but always go back to this . the price is very reasonable .
i like this product because it really refreshes my skin . however i did not notice much " brightening " , but the scent is very nice
thank you for this shampoo - it has changed the texture and feel and growth of my hair for the better . thanks so much ! .
a little hard to use this item for nail art since it does not always stick on the first time .
it's good . i kind of like the maybelline bb a little better but either one is good . i would recommend it .
i'm so glad i bought this . it is the perfect tool to have in your mani / pedi tool box . i would recommend this !
at 66 nothing is going to turn back the hands of time but a facelift , but this product does help keep it at bay ... a decent product .
i like this lotion because it does everything a lotion is supposed to do and has a fresh , slightly " peachy " scent .
it may cause your hair to be a bit white , but this stuff works so incredibly well at soaking up oil !
i love this over any color , it may take a few layers but thin layers the glitter in it looks amazing
very pretty nail polish , especially on my toenails . not only for the summer season ! really fun and pretty looking , very delicate .
i have been using biore pore strips for about 10-15 years now and i love them ! this product arrived on time with no defects .
they look really natural so if you're looking for everyday lashes they're perfect ! now if you're looking for something more dramatic these are not for you !
it's pretty on its own or by shading too.essie is a good brand but it tends to separate easily in time.easy solution is shake them once in a while .
they look kinda cheap . i hope they do the job . they just arrived today and it took kinda long.don ' t wasn't your money guys
not to warm of a shade , no shimmer . perfect for blending a tan or contouring the face . my new go-to bronzer !
this makeup is awesome great for going out to a party or just everyday wear but it is great and the color is outstanding
good for travel you have everything you need on one spot . brought this with me to cancun and it was ahhh-mazing !
i did research and the price was right for me . this was ordered as a gift . my sister loves this perfume so i would recommend .
skin is very soft and feels tighter too . have only been using this a few days but my skin feels different after starting it .
this is an old , tried and true natural care product that works . ugly spider veins definitely recede on my legs .
love this ... it gives just enough color to give a natural look & it last all day . would buy again , barely branded
this is a signature scent - light and floral but not sickly sweet . i get compliments all the time when i wear it . not over powering .
top notch qualitynail tech daughter loves them.small and perfectthese are not inferior.great value , will order again .
tihs is a must have item , and at a great price ! i am orderinf more of these now , iuse them all the time !
this product leaves my skin soft and supple . i always look for the best price on this product on amazon obagi had it this time .
cetaphil dermacontrol foam wash , 8 fluid ounce looks very good , i haven't begun using it.hope it can clean my oil face
got 2 for a quarter of the price , excellent service , excellent quality . would recommend to any one wanting to try this product .
this is a good product . i use it with the aphogee keratin 2 minute reconstructor and they work more than ok . i would recommend it for sure .
great stuff , just as mentioned in all the other reviews.really cleans out pores .
definately 70 % strong as stated , works as it is suppose to - strong peel , quick shipment , good price , in appropriate packaging to keep product fresh
the rose hips blcak soap is clearing my pores since the first day . excellent product , a least work very good for me .
it arrived fast and does exactly what it is supposed to do . it makes applying glue to my artificial nails so much easier .
it blends very well with your foundation and it is very good to use up under the eye area that really need it the most .
a must buy especially if your clumsy or you opperate very quickly around your work station . just one less thing to worry about .
it dont take much i really like color goes on smooth very smooth for price will buy it again alot for price
this cleansing gel is soothing and calming for everyday use . a little bit goes a long way since it lathers up well .
the glue is great i've only used one but they will last me for a while ty so much for ur cheapest ithems no one can bet ur price
bought this to cover up the slight sparseness of the part in my hair , have bought others , but this is the most natural looking , by far .
i use this every time before my hair dresser colors my hair . no grabbing at the ends ... perfect color every time .
i need to order more . black comes out great on all my stamp nail designs . i really need to add this to my wish list .
these are easy to wear , not to tight , great colors , nice to have a very thin set , vvery comfortable , would recommend
this is so much cheaper than buying toner at a department store . it makes your skin feel so fresh and clean .
it's been only a week since i started using this product , so far nothing new . i also didn't realize that the cream was so small .
i prefer powder based eye brow pencils as they give a more natural look . lancme has a fabulous one for dark brows color sable . pricey buy fabulous .
love the trimmings catcher and these trimmers are very sharp they were well worth the money glad i found them
didn't make my hair feel clean and didn't make me hair very soft , the repairing monoi line is much better , that one i am obsessed with
very pretty color . my favorite that i've bought so far . stays on 10days or so when i do my own at home .
i thought that i read a review about this color not being black , but it most definitely is . black , black , black , black ! !
amazing product , my skin looks younger , less wrinkly , i recommend it 100 % ... i use it with the gel and the eye cream
i love the smell of deva curl , and i love that my hair is not frizzy any more . this is a great product !
this mascara is no different then any other mascara . nothing special about it . i thought it would give my lashes volume , but it didn't .
this product is great , cleanses my face real well one of the best cleansers i have purchased . i highly recommend this product .
love this larger body scrubber it has a loop on one side to hang in the shower , it does exactly what it was made to do , exfoliate
the quality was not what expected very greasy and creased a lot do not use as a base i think i wasted my money on this product
feels great on my skin and i feel the difference as soon as it touched my skin .
this product did not work as well as quimica alemana nail hardener . my nails still managed to chip and break .
keeps ridges on nails in check and cuticles healthy . the manicurist at my barber's joint recommends it . i do too .
it's great packaging and smells nice . i would purchase this again . great gift for younger girls and older ones who just love kawaii items .
great little product . if it works , i like it , and this one does . it lasts longer than i expected . i would definitely recommendthis .
i guess i'm looking for a miracle . i need to add another anti aging product to my routine for this to work
this color is fun ! i bought it for my eight-year-old nieces . they think it's great , but it's something i would wear too .
i like it , but i wish it had more product you get a better deal at an arts and craft store .
it works great . i think it works as good as salon products . i would recommend it to a friend for sure .
a little expensive , but worth the money . great brush for doing gel nails , and nails with nail polish remover in general .
beautiful color , though a little sheer . needed three coats and it's still not completely opaque . love the jelly-ness quality though !
i love essie so much and this color is so amazing . this color is a very vibrant color that is amazing for spring .
on the site this product was big when i saw it , when i got it 10 times smaller not what i thought it was
i love using them and i really like them , so i do recommend them to nail fashionistas . also awesome for making flowers .
excellent buy . very good buy , this work to perfection and arrived intact after a long shipment . thank you very much
the picture is misleading the color that came was bluish color like sky blue but ama keep it since i like blue
wearing lip venom is a lot like eating something sumptuous . nourishes my lips and ohhh so fun to have on .
i love this soap but not the smell . i love the citrus smells better . i won't buy this smell again .
thick , but effective . emollient . a good alternative for those whose skin does not tolerate chemically-based sunscreens well.amazon is requiring me to type more .
this polish is a bit dark for my taste but i do like it when layering with another cnd color . i love cnd polish .
i absolutely love these brushes . they are amazing quality , really soft , and are relatively inexpensive compared to other brushes . <3
i was really excited when these arrived because they were exactly what i wanted . they are great quality and perfect for doing your own manis and pedis .
too many products fot cellulite i was expecting at least better results , the bottles are to small i think should try other products .
love the nice fragrance . the particles are very tiny so as not to tear your skin . leaves it feeling fresh and clean .
i can only say good things about this product it works wonderful it set up very nice , love this color
i brought this but then i realized is better to use my fingers and tweezer it came on time for that price is good
i love all of these products ! a little pricey but worth it . i have frizzy hair and this has helped my frizz become beautiful curls .
i couldn't imagine not having these in my makeup drawer ! i'm so glad i got these as well as the rest of the collection !
this lipstick color is very pretty , the color will last and you do not have to keep putting on more thru out the day .
this product was referred to me by my sister-in-law , so i looked it up on amazon and bought it . it's a great product with a reasonable price .
this comes disassembled , which is not a huge deal . i paint the underside of each spoon and the swatches look nice .
perfect dotting tools for nail art and applying nail gems to fresh painted nails . nice little set and colorful , looks neat on my makeup area
superb , high quality cologne / scent . smells manly and sexy . lasts all day on my husband ; that's how i know it's the good stuff !
this is a somewhat tricky eyeliner to master , but when you achieve the right hold , it is super effective and quick . great color and staying power !
love this item after a few weeks saw results i will continue to use this so i can see more results ! !
so cute ... and nice sizes .. i will get more of thislove it so much .. nice glass.and it looks as a pictture .
excellent moisturizer , the best i've tried for oily skin . lightweight , absorbs quickly , moisturize the skin . very refreshing .
they were really cute and came way earlier than expected ! love them all ! they have the cutest ones too ! can't wait to use them
not sticky , decent coverage . this does not last long , however . it feels like satin , but it does have a cherry robitussin smell .
i won't buy any more of this unless i lose this.best quality tool i have ever bought on line .
they work well i use them to color in images got here way on time then i expected since they ship from hong kong
well put together the bristles do not shed and it applies foundation very well . after cleaning the brush stays in great condition .
all brushes are made very high quality.handles wood , pleasant to the touch.worth tenderest not vylazit . make up it one of pure pleasure !
its really amazing . the foundation blends with my skin color . easy to take out and does not have any affect on my skin
love the colour . easy application . a little thicker , so apply with a light touch . love the colour of work . fantastic .
this product leaves my skin feeling very clean and refreshed . i haven't been using it long enough to provide long-term effects , however i plan to continue use .
it stays in place and absorbs sweat well . this is one of my favorite products and i plan to buy more .
very good i love it i will recommendtopaul mitchell men mitch double hitter sulfate free 2 - in - 1 shampoo and ...
very cute color . fully satisfied . it has a glow and sparkle it is really cute ! would def order more of these .
i switched to this serum , because skinceutical's was just too expensive . i think this is just as good , for far less .
i thought this was going to be a normal sized little bottles ... but they are very very very small ... but at least it works
stamping is fun and a great way to make my nails pop . it does take some practice , so don't give up
i really love this brush . i use it to dry brush my body before showering . it leaves me feeling fresh , invigorated , soft .
it's fine ... nothing special . i have bought a lot of mascara in my day , and this is just like any other ...
i have tried these it works great , it showed a picture of five so thats how many i thought i would get but didnt so maybe redue the listing.thanks
there is just the right " weight " to this night cream , non-greasy , pleasant smell , moisturizes well . all with little-to-no added chemicals ! :-)
very luxurious . my skin is very dry , and this gives it lots of moisture . compares with very expensive cleansers for dry skin .
soft eye brushes . they work very well . they are made very nicely and are just as good as the more expensive ones .
i use it for my french manicures and it gives them a little something special . the shimmer only shows in direct light so it's still classy !
i purchased this and i am so happy i did it holds everything comfortably . i even got one for my sister
i have used this product for quite sometime now and it goes on smoothly and doesn't take much . doesn't irritate the eyes at all .
love this suave shampoo and conditioner . it doesn't build up on hair and smells great ! love the size too - lasts long .
when i first applied it , there was no greasy feeling and it instantly absorbed , and it made my skin tighter and more brighter .
this is a good value for the price . these bic soleil razors provide a close shave and do not irritate my sensitive skin .
it smells great and leaves my hair very soft . you are supposed to wash it out in the morning but sometimes i just leave it in .
the smell was unusual and wasn't very pleasant to my senses , but the oil is very rich and great for pre-washing afro textured hair .
create cartoon eyebrows that are way to big for anyone's face , and look silly doing it ! yay ! total waste of money .
my mom loved this fragrance as do i.it smells great and i got it at a really affordable price ! the product also arrived really quickly .
this is a good product to help keep your wig on and i would recommend this to anyone who has good through chemo or just loves to wear wigs .
i love this one ! i just used this one with the violet pearl faded in and so far it is my favorite . very spring !
the brushes are so soft and gentle on the skin ! i'm just very happy with this order and it was at a great price too !
i love love love it . very natural i will most def . buy it again and again . worth the money but takes time to receive
a great shampoo ive used this almost all my years 16-25 ! ! , still love this in my shower my hair feels so clean .
this is an excellent hair straightener my hair is straight with very little effort . it has a shine and the straightener is not smoking hot . thanks
makes your face shimmer in a way that no other makeup can . tones down lines that can be seen with blush . blends everything together
love that it doesn't shedbristles feel nice and softi am a big fan of these real techniques brushes , especially the stippling brush
i make my own hair care products . i add this with another oil for a hot oil treatment . the product is great i just hate the smell .
these are terrible for acrylic i would not suggest any one to buy these just invest in some expensive ones
excellent product ! i love it , my hands are so soft after and it does work , i iwll def buy it again .
worth every penny ! ! i ordered 2 packs to begin with and i will reorder when i run out , for sure !
this was the best thing to get for you're nails most have from start the nails most get don't forget it !
such a beautiful color . it's more purple than the picture shows , but the gold glitter is beautiful and really makes the nail polish stand out .
i bought this but my friend took it and she loves that cream . actually she use for all her body because its very effective she said so :)
i love them ! ! very easy to stick on ! good quality ! ! ! i really do recommend ! ! very 😏 easy to work with :)
i bought this iron as a replacement after my croc and chi iron broke . great inexpensive replacement . would recommend to others
great for dry hair . i don't use the conditioner every time as it is too much for hair . fabulous product .
these nail art pieces has given my nails the look of elegance along with other pieces or just by themselves .
i love it . it has everything you need for your daily makeup routine . 18 shadows is such a great selection . and what a cute little mascara !
i didn't see any improvements in my frown lines . if i keep it on overnight , temporarily the lines don't show up.no permanents effects .
it's perfect for what i'm doing . easy to cut and shape . it's will not break and it is not too thin . would buy again .
my skin has never felt so good ! probably one of the best soaps i've ever used . would totally buy again !
i love this eyelashes they came fast i got them the next day i love how they look and they dont feel like wired lol but
a pricey comb but the build quality is really sturdy , hold up well with thick men's hair and fine enough to use with product well .
not so much with this one ! don't waste the money . i use generic latisse ! this does nothing at all . spend your money on something else .
both sides are excellent . very useful for putting on makeup , and the fact that it stands up helps a lot .
protects my nails , actually , i feel they are stronger since i started using this under my polish.will purchase again .
it's great - and i use it also in the day , it's really soothing to my skin and a great feel . i like neutrogena products .
best way to clear out the pores on the nose . use it only 1-2 times per week . great for teens .
this stuff hold s my hair well . it smells nice . but not too loud . i will buy it again . thanks
these konad polish work great . i use regular red polish and they work ok , but konad red stamps a true red . i recommend this polish .
it's a great cleanser , my face looks good , and it's totally worth for its price , i'll get another bottle soon .
this is the only conditioner i have used for many years . has made a huge difference in the overall feel and look of my hair . highly recommend .
love this mini kit because it has everything i need for a home gel manicure all in one kit ! great quality and great price !
this is a great thick sunscreen that goes on thick and protects very very well against the sun . does not irritate my sensitive skin at all .
i have heared it helps grow hair , so i was trieng for bald spots , hasnt worked that well , and smells strong
it is very easy to use ! my friends all loved it and compared to other similar products . would definitely recommend
this product looks and smells pretty scary , but it works wonders on my dry , cracked hands . i definitely recommend it .
keeps your natural curls moist and soft . good for a mix with your hot oil treatment . the mint is refreshing also .
this flatiron is quite disappointing i was trying to get rid of frizz . the hightest heat setting did not get hot enough to straighten my hair .
every single word on the packet is true . i am so happy finlly finde this product . it works great . nice
these were much much larger than what i was expecting . they look so small in the pics on here . sad .
i rated this a five for it's performance . this is one of the best products i have ever used on my face .
didn't work well on my dry , long hair . and was a bit of a mess to apply . i much prefer the rusk deepshine luster .
absolutely love the shampoo . extremely moisturizing and goes well with the matching conditioner . this is the first time trying both shampoo and conditioner and highly recommend both .
i find this product a little drying even with a moisturizer . would not purchase again . it's very inexpensive and might work for someone else with oily skin .
i liked this so much i went bought the shampoo and conditioner . my hair was always frizzy and now it rarely is .
a mandatory step , for the magical gel bond . it goes on fast and absolutely no drying time needed . yes in deedie
it's easy to blend ! i love it . but one of my eyeshadows came broken :( other than that i was happy with this purchase
reminds me of the champagne color my grandma used to wear . it's got a sparkle to it . it's a great natural color .
still learning how to use this . it's very strong - but has a nice lemony smell . always glad of anything that repels spiders .
better than the high priced serums ... i can feel it working . rated # 1 on consumer reports
smells great & feels great on my skin . it will foam up really well and my face is very clean after i use this product .
this clipper makes cutting nails a pleasant experience . very high quality material and great craftsmanship , looks like it will last forever .
i love this stuff . it isn't greasy , i use it for eczema , psoriasis and dry split ends . it's a very versatile product
i love how smooth it is and the cover it does i use it to brighten my eyes and cheek bone and love it and the price is so great
small but powerful ! very light weight but still powered thru my medium thick curly hair . good purchase , long cord and has 2 speeds and 2 temps .
i bought this as a gift and my mom said it worked well . i didn't actually use it myself so can't otherwise comment .
that is what my aunt said . this was a gift for her and she absolutely loves it . she said it was not to heavy or overwhelming .
works great . i was looking for something inexpensive , this fit the bill . works well with a bit of soap to clean nails .
i think i love all the my beauty diary mask ! they are so good and they do a good job in hydrating my skin ! i love it !
i love this lightweight liquid . it feels smooth and light on my face . the tint is great when i don't feel like wearing foundation .
this is good buffing , but takes skills to get it right i am still practicing so it doesn't leave a white coating . no complaits thou
comes with an empty bottle which allows you to add any remover you want into it . and it comes with the mini rubber stamping and scraper .
took a while to get here but it was a great price and worth the wait !
great sunblock to use for my family . we took one bottle to the beach and it kept our family sunburn free and enjoying the water .
it works great looks really nice in the pictures but it doesnt really turn out to be the same color on the box
this product keeps my hands soft during what is usually a hard time to keep my hands from being chapped , nice smell
small package , but rich color , so it's appropriately small . great color and consistency . goes on not to transparently , not too dark .
works great ! brought it for my sister for christmas . she loves it . great price as well , can't bet it ! ! !
murad's age balancing night cream is great ! easy to use and feels wonderful on your skin . will buy it again
this brush has now power and leaves my hair frizzy rather than smooth after a blowdry . i ended up throwing it away .
it helps clear up back acne and is very very easy to use . i'm a repeated buyer of this product .
bristles were extremely loose and brushes fell apart . not good to use with or for nails , handles came apart ? ? ? stick with watercolors
i used this on my real nails , this worked out perfect . i would for sure buy more of this product .
it obviously make my eyelashes look long.but there are little clogs when i use it.except that , it is good .
use it all the time with the rest of my cnd collection - works great !
i love this product . makes my skin feel and look great . i love the consistency . i don't smell any bad smell either
konad polishes are the only ones i use for stamping ! they last a long time too ! i love them . i
this body butter is so soothing and it really nourishes your skin and nails . this is a new and lovely fragrance !
i have reviewed 6 hyaluronic serums in the past year and this with every other instanatural product was by far the best .
i gave a neutral review since this product is for ethnic hair different than mine . i just felt the overall review equaled a fair comment .
these bsth salts are grear for dry skin snd smell great ! woukd buy again and wouid give as gift too .
looks nothing like the color in the picture , plus it just looks weird on . kinda disappointed but maybe i'll find some use for it ..
i really love all the sweetsation products i have used . i think they actually do a very good job and my pores look very nice !
i've used roc products since they were first introduced . i'm 62 and am told i look 32 ! give this a try ...
the wig was a champagne blond and not brown . i hate the color . it is also uncomfortable . it looks cheap .
momma has been using it for decades , so i came back to it . tried and true . also like the pink and shea butter .
wonderful brow shaper might need one more i use it every day works great thanks nyx cosmetics luv it five stars
maybe i should sue more then one pack a bath , but i didn't feel anything with this at all . my skin felt no change .
smaller size than the regular dove soap , not by a ton but enough to notice . otherwise just as good to use .
i like the lovely little smell , the super-smoothness and absorption . no change in complexion , but didn't really expect that , was just hoping .
my kids love bubbles in their tub , it is gentle and it really makes a lot of bubble with little
i find this perfume too strong . i had purchased the lighter version before and am not regretting buying this . it's too strong even with one single spray .
these are great . fit over my hair clip well . i use them for taking showers and for putting over deep conditioning treatment .
i love this gel . it is light holding and does not leave your hair crunchy . i love the difference this product line has made for my hair .
i love this color - it is a dark navy but shines blue in the light . beautiful color for fall / winter !
love this brush and purchased another as a gift . easily goes through hair without pulling . easy to clean and a joy to use .
when i took off the fake eyelashes , there was still glue , it wouldn't come off , and it was super irritating !
my package arrived yesterday and happy to say that i would definitely recommend this works great had no problems got here on time
i have used this product before and i simply can't get enough ... the shipper is great and the item arrived super quick and perfect packaging .
these are a great way to dress up your nails with out too much effort . they worked better on my toe nails because they dont bend very much .
babyliss pro nano titanium mini straightening iron ( 1 inch ) is a good option for young ladies , works fine and it is inexpensive .
i can not tell any difference since i purchased these product :( . don't waste your money on this product ... i sure wished i didn't ! ! !
i did receive this product for free but that does not mean that i do not love it ! it really works !
my friend was very excited and she said that her teacher said this item was a very good product . i will buy again . thank you once again .
great sunscreen . not like other products that flake when you apply it . and it doesn't leave my skin feeling too greasy either .
this is a beautiful hair fork & a fantastic price . it is so unique & such pretty colors , i couldn't resist . i was not disappointed .
love this tool ! takes care of the pimples without making you pick at your face and make it all red
easy to do and i like the way is working thanks so much i hope i can got some more .
i have oily skin and i use this over my face and eyelids ... colorless and workd for me ... it is a staple in my make up line
lightweight , invisible , very protective . i have sensitive skin and i do not react to this product . i highly recommend it .
this is a great light almost nude color . i received this polish very quickly . great fall color . love essie polish .
i got the citrus mint which had a pleasant scent . a little goes a long way and it doesn't leave you feeling greasy .
wasn't sure what it would smell like . its fast becoming one of my favorites . i would but another one . thanks ..
amazing price for a great performing product . quiet.ships on time from a great vendor . now is the time to upgrade your outdated hair dryer .
i love the smell but it does not last very long . smells fruity and reminds me of mango and fruity stuff .
the very excellent deal and i am pleased to deal with you again , and i will recommend my friends to this product .
love , love , love this product for my wild , out-of-control hair . i will continue to buy this product as long as it is available .
dries quickly but i got chipping within 3 days even when using the entire orly system , including " in a snap " top coat and orly color .
shaq likes it so i thought i'd try it ... works great and doesn't make you smell like a lady like so many of the lotions do ...
bought this for my god daughter and she just loves it . it has several settings and make it easy for her to do her makeup under the right lights
bought this last summer and have really enjoyed it . have had no issues and works great ! i will never go back to a regular hair dryer again !
this is a nice smelling powder . i use it after i shower . i wish the other summers eve scents that are body washes came in powder form .
i heard rave reviews about this product , but i was not impressed . i think i will stick with resurgance by murad .
this stuff stinks ! it leaves my skin very dry and has not got a very lemony scent . i would not buy again .
got this for my mom for christmas . the shipping was fast . she loved it . wanted it for awhile . im will be buying one myself .
this is a quick way to get your nails dry if you're in a hurry . i like it for the occasional times i actually paint my nails
i really wish it was unscented . other than the scent it is a nice lotion , it soaks in real fast and isn't greasy .
i say it is so-so . i have baby fine hair , and used to try to add some volume . nothing special about it , would not re-order .
it works but gives me break outs every single day , after using it for almost 2 months .
this is a great blush for blending makeup . i never fell in love with makeup brushes until i found this line .
i am using kisses right now and like it very much . it absorbs into my skin good and smells nice also .
i bought this as a gift for a friend . really nice light sky blue color with a bit of shine to it .
i guess this would be a great product if you have a small head . it doesn't fit mine so it was a waste of money .
i have ordered at least a dozen of these gloss stains . they come in handy in a pinch . they are not a 10 hour stain .
a prior purchase that i used quite a bit . another brush was ordered because someone else wanted to use it .
this palette is good and big and last long , will buy more . i just like the palette size . this is best worn to the office
doesn't hold my makeup like it should feels a bit more oily that i thought it would so ya li
i only sprayed five parts of my hair , but the can was almost gone by the time i finished . but the color is very pretty .
i like the way this product feels on my natural hair , the order came really fast , i will order again .
i purchased this for my grandson and my daughter says it works great on his eczema and provided relief from his condition .
this is a great product for organizing makeup . i have so much makeup my daughter says i need an intervention . this has helped me immensely .
these eye shadows are amazing , every color the eye can see ! there's even a nifty , little mirror inside . definitely worth the money ! ! !
a few were shorter than the others but they are cute i would have liked more of a variety tho
this is a huge clip , about as long as an index card and its gorgeous . good quality , stunning and adorable to wear . a must have !
watery.makes me itch.dried my skin.not a good idea if you have sensitive skin . i should have asked for a refund .
i use this over my concealer , then apply foundation . it works like a charm ! you will not be disappointed at all .
this one does the job . got it for a trip to france and worked well . very compact to pack for travel
this makes my hair feel wonderful ! ! i have been using it forthree years now and just love it . i have thin fine hair .
love konad polishes ! white is great for adding a drop or two of standard polish to make ur own custom colors .
this is better than the lotions they sell at the salon for over 100 $ and the bottle is big and is lasting me a long time !
i have very fine hair and this just did not clean it well enough . i wanted to like it , but it left my hair pretty oily .
this is just ok . comparable to most other moisturizers out there . i do have to say it is a great price .
gives nice moisture to skin . too early to tell if my skin is less dry or with less wrinkles on face
this lip butter is beautiful . i will be buying it again . i'm happy i was able to get it at such a great price .
i learned how to use the product online since there were no instructions , but over all i am happy with the product .
this is a really soft conditioning shine mask . it smells really good.this is a great suave product at a great price .
good stamping plates they all stamp perfect . my nails are long and it'd be better of there didn't come with the half moon .
beautiful clip , a little heavy for the hair , but works great with a few extra pins . worth the money regardless , such a nice hair piece
i cut my husbands hair and my old pair that i have had for 27 years is wearing out on the hinges . this is a perfect replacement ♥
these were kind of fun ! got them for my granddaughters for christmas and they were delighted !
my skin needed this deep pore cleansing . love the brush . shipping was fast too . very satisfied with the clarisonic line of products .
this is my favorite to add a little sparkle to any color ... because really in what world is there no glitter .
love love this color . very neutral . long lasting . very nice color . great price . quick shipment . you won't be disappointed in this product .
this is one handy little tool . i use it on my family members and myself , it really helps with at home mani / pedi .
i use this once a month as a deep conditioner and my hair is doing quite well ! hair is much stronger !
i have gave these out for gifts . everyone does love them and they really work great ! thank you for the great customer service as well .
this polish is far from the mint color pictured in the product description . it's a pale grayish blue color . dry time wasn't the best either .
i keep this in the shower and use it everyday to avoid eye issues . does a very good job of thoroughly cleaning your eyes .
i started adding this to my bath salt mixture and really like it , great for soaking in after a run
it is very sturdy , the bristles are firm enough to really scrub your scalp , but not too hard to where its gonna hurt you . fast shipping .
to the person who invented eyeliner pencils ... boooo ! this is the way to go and i highly recommend it to everyone !
the body wash is rich and lightly scented--not overpowering at all--great deal for 2 bottles--skin is softer and uses less lotion--yay !
i was very hopeful with the reviews but i have to say i tried it and it does nothing for me . i was very disappointed by this product .
i love everything shellac , this is a bright red . i alway get compliments when i wear it . fun color to wear !
everyone is different . this product did nothing for me at all . would not purchase again . doesn't mean it won't work on others .
i dont see a difference in my skin from the sensitive head i used before ... pretty much the same thing , but clarisonic is awesome
this works good not one for wearing foundation but this works just as well !
i am very happy with this . it isn't greasy and i feel like my skin looks healthier when i use it .
the case was pretty small but not complaining . i got them on time and all of my colors was provided , they greatfully gets a thumbs up :)
this olay product is the worst of the line . made my skin feel like sand paper and the product is very sticky .
it doesn't work well for long , thick hair . the material is not great , but i guess you get what you pay for .
dry , not impressed . didn't look or feel good as i was expecting . i love revlon's aqua colorstay loose mineral power-amazing
another neutrogena product that amazon is not carrying . wish they would bring it back ! great for acne prone skin , not oily , goes on smooth .
i love this product . it helps make your hair feel more healthy after using it your hair feels really soft .
this is more like a purple . i thought this was a reddish purple , but still very beautiful and sparkly . would recommend .
i bought this for my daughter . she loves it . she said the color stayed on for a long time and she would buy more of these cosmetics .
one of the best nail products i could have bought . sooo worth it and i already recommended it to my two co-workers who are not professionals like myself .
product works as described . smooth and silky , not sticky . like that it comes in a glass bottle . good quality product . would buy again .
cheap , doesn't hold on , gets into fine lines , smears easily . would not recommend to buy . you can find better even for the same price .
great product , cleans my skin well without leaving a greasy feeling and does not over dry my skin . will buy again !
i love the smell of this perfume . the scent last the whole day that i'm in the office . the scent is not strong . it's very light .
i love this it makes your skin so soft and smooth . give it a try and get rid if all that dead skin and watch it glow .
seldom used , aveeno positively radiant skin brightening daily scrub . this item was a gift . description is relatively accurate . delivery of this item was professional .
really does as it says . will hold my curls for hours without making them stiff or weighing them down . love it !
this is a good concealer . it was for a good price with fast shipping as well . it has color in it , so just know that .
i bought this for my 15 year old daughter and she loves it . love it to and good for the price ...
first , it is water proof . so it is hard to remove . second , it gives lashes long curling effect only after 2 times application without clumps .
i got this yesterday and as i was pulling it out of the package , it was broke . i was not too impressed with this product .
the stamping art are all good and so many different so many different to choose from presents to dragon fly's
i love this mascara . it works great . this is a real good mascara for a good price.it does what it should .
i lost my shiny nose which is great , but i was hoping my makeup would stay on for longer , i will try the other neutrogena primer next time
my daughter loved these as a christmas present and it was affordable . she is obsessed with doing her nails , so it worked out great . thank you !
works really well on my long hair . keeps the extreme ends from splitting and being fly away . i would recommend .
this soap really works if you use it everyday , you can start seeing result in about two or three week .
my son uses this in his daily acne regimen and it does leave his skin moist but not too oily .
cute case-brushes are nice . a little stiff but it works-its almost been a year of using and they hold up great !
i actually purchased this comb for my teen son--something he would actually carry around and use . needless to say it broke off the handle after a few uses !
this is one is ok but not as moisturizing as the yellow spray can . the brown one dries out the skin too much .
i purchased it because a lot of people around me recommend it for me.very suitable for every family members to use.don ' t miss it ! xd
my fiance will not use anything else . it does it's job and i could not ask for anything more ! boom !
i like this product , as it gives light coverage , but i have found comparable product in loreal sublime for half the cost .
i use this on my legs , especially my knees and ankles . keeps them soft and smooth .
these are so much easier to work with than the soaking method . i love these and they are well worth the money .
so in love with this file ! ! i also bought a mini one for my purse :) it us so gentle on the nails
i love this color ! this is a beautiful bright red with a slight pink undertone . the color looks brighter red than in the swatches .
turn my skink darker . do not use this product for more than 2weeks or your skin will get darker . i didn't even go outside
i love this brush and the way foundation looks using it . i use this for foundation and my setting powder . it just looks great !
i purchased this to do nails at home for my daughter and me , works exactly as described and holds up great . will definitely buy again .
the formula is kind of a weird scent . this does what it says and it doesn't stain your clothes or anything .
this palette is awesome for shimmery bright looks ! this isn't for matte lovers ! these colors really make your eyes sparkle and great color pay off .
i liked it . you will get 12 little containers containing different colored glitter . it is just as described and pictured .
easy to use clips . i never had them just though it was time to buy them and much cheaper online
i received the items very early . very useful product , during hair treatment and hair color . because of it's light weight i do not feel uncomfortable .
leaves my skin soft and supple after a day in the harsh rays and damaging chlorine ! definitely recommend for dry skin !
this mascara is perfect for daytime . it never clumps until it's old and time to throw out . i like that it's really washable .
they are very small , i barely keep it in my hand . it takes all the fundation , very difficult to put it on the face .
cap stays on but at this point , i can't say anything else about it . so , i gave it 3/5 stars .
my husband isn't fond of wearing colonge so this is a perfect compromise . all i can say is score ! irresistable scent !
my friend wanted some so i got it for her and she loves it . really noticed a difference in her skin .
wild ferns is great and sells a wonderful product . this is thick and creamy and adds a lot of moisture while keeping lines away .
great price.easy to apply and very comfortable to wear . i would recommend them to anyone interested in wearing these !
this product is very good at hydrating the tissue around your eyes . i noticed a change within a few days with diminishing fine lines and better firmness .
if the winter esp causes your skin to get dry and chapped , this is a good one for thick coverage . no smell . just what i wanted .
i purchased this item along with the rest of similar products to go along with this one . i don't know yet if it is working or not .
gelish polishes are top quality and very easy to apply . this particular color is absolutely beautiful , a rich orangey-red with just enough sparkle .
this is my all time favorite face powder . it arrived intact and as shown . love this stuff , better price than the website !
they are pretty colors but the containers leak out pretty bad . a little plastic wrap between the bowl and the lid should fix that problem though .
this moisturizer is light , quickly absorbs , and is great under a translucent powder . it is shiny alone though . i would use it again .
nice color for french manicure . color goes on evenly and looks great woth two coats . i would recommend this polish .
i like to use this in my morning routine . it's light , and helps de-puff . rollerball is a plus . it lasts a long time .
love this dark , smokey purple and the flashes of red in it ! consistent , flawless application and great wear time . shame it's an le .
i like this image plate holder , cause all the residue stays on the holder and after it's easy to clean .
this color works great layering with other shellac colors , or for a subtle effect by itself . it has a nice shimmery finish .
i love the creaminess of this product . it does the job quickly , smells great and lasts an unbelievably long time .
it does give your hair loads of volume but it's not practical to use every day because of the size and price .
neutrogena is great at producingquality skin care products - this item is one of their best - made my skin feel smooth and soft after use
i love these colors . the diagram on the back shows how to apply the different colors for a certain look . i am glad i bought it !
just as good as sigma ! ! ! and way cheaper . i use these daily . bit bulky that's why i am giving 4and not 5 stars
this is nice sparky gold but you definitely need to consider your skin tone before buying . i have olive skin and it looked very garish .
great all in one body wash without drying out the skin and does not leave a soapy or oily residue .
i've been using this for about a week and my skin has never been softer ! best $ 3 i ever spent !
this is slightly more yellow toned than the pink bb cream , but the consistency is better for oilier skin . i love it !
has a nice variety of colors with use for a variety of evenings and events . product wears as long as any other .
it's great to use as a gel french . it's opaque and and not streaky with makes it easy to use .
so big and soft worth the money great brush i will purchase another one of these much better than my crown brush .
curlers like this are great and easy to use . no pulling no tugging . slides on and off easily . price was great and came in quickly .
soft , goes too fast , smells yukky . nothing at all in comparison to egyptian magic which is well worth the money .
good tasting oil ! note that this olive oil is a certified oil so you are getting real olive oil and not left over remnants of other oil products .
i love this brush i use this for my bottom hair is just glade no pain . i'm loving it so far .
i chose this because i have used other products from loreal . i would highly recommend it to friends and family .
these are very cute , they are a good size to make 3d nails . the bows are better looking than most bows i found on line
this natural valley natural calm magnesium is very good for you . my whole family takes it as well as my parents who are in there 80 ' s .
very thick . don't care much for the smell but seems to moisturize well . used after sun exposure and after shower .
the designs are so cute and the images are really clear - which mena sthey show you well ! these are easy to maintain as well !
bought for wife . we live on well water which is tough on her hair but this seems to help i am glad i found it
i have been using this for over a year . never fails to give me a good hair day without weighing it down
i love them very soft brushes and easy to cary on as they are travel size .. i wish that they came in a soft case rather in this box
love this product . leaves my hair feeling fuller and not like i have product on it . hair is still shiny and very managable .
very good product . will buy again.you will be glad you tried it . good price . it makes your hair soft .
great product at a great price . will buy here as long as it is offered :)
this was really working out great until one side clogged up and i couldn't get the lotion and the gel to " gel . "
i thought this would be better than using cotton balls . i was wrong . there is no absorbtion at all . back to cotton balls .
i love this . it has a variety of images . the stamps leaves the image very clear with all the details . fast shipping . thanks ,
worth every penny . what a difference in makeup application theses make . a must have to have in your makeup bag .
this item took a while to get here but its worth it , very nicely made and looks really fancy , love the colors and details .
more colorful than pictured . it looks white in the picture , but actually has quite a bit of color in it . light weight and well made .
ive never been able to brush my hair after a shower with out leave in products but this actually works incredibly well !
this priduct is not true to it's word.the color is suposed to be caramel , but not really . i should have gone one shade up.very disappointed .
it's bigger than i was expecting ! fits in the palm of my hand . haven't used it but it smells really refreshing .
this is a cool 3 - in - 1 product ! worth it , perfect for summer
this is what my son uses and he wanted me to order it for him . it seems like a good product .
fantastic for traveling . great for putting your favorite perfume and take in you purse . very convenient to use instead of having the big bottle on the counter .
this is a 3d glitter , not a holographic like stated , if you are into 3d it would be a great buy
use on dry hair then pass over hair about 5 times with flat iron . will be straight for days . i love it
my teen loves this kit . she has been able to do her magic nail designs in half the time as without them .
i use this polish to put over other polishes to give them a beautiful pearlescent look , love it ! would buy again !
not the musk i remember . still looking . does anyone know what i am talking about ? ? ? is real musk in this oil ? ? ?
i gave this to my boyfriends sister for her birthday since she loves hello kitty and she loved it and so did i great gift for someone .
i didn't know that there is a difference between shelac and gel but i guess there is . as far as color all the previous ratings were correct
this appliances set is very useful . i like the quality of material and color . price also is good . i will definitely recommend it .
lingers for a long time , its sweet but not cloying . definitely very girly but sophisticated too ! !
difficult to remove , flakes off during the day , and my eyelashes started falling out ... the absolute worst mascara i have ever used !
defines the eye beautifully - clear - sharpand rich color .. it's a very good one , worth buying and the shadow is good too
this brush set had a lot of different types of brushes , but lacked a little in quality . i would recommend this as a second set for traveling
i use this along with my nyx milk eyeliner in my waterline to help me look more awake . works wonders !
easy to use , smells wonderful and doesn't make a mess all over the floor like the sprinkle powders ! i will buy again !
loved the smell of this body wash . it also does preserve your tan ... the only thing is i wish it lathered more . no big complaint !
i did have alittle shedding in my the beginning but i washed them and they were fine ! would recommend to anyone !
this waver is much bigger then i thought it would be . it is heavy and hard to do my hair with .
didn't work for me . going to try another brand . didn't see any results after 3 weeks . not trying this again
the designs fit my nails but i wish there was more full nail designs then just random little designs :)
this worked great on my daughter's back . there was a noticable change quickly . it was gentle and effective . i would buy this product for acne .
crappy product in my opinion , some of you may like it and i don't care . have a good day and happy new year .
made my hair feel sticky and gross . i don't know what's wrong with this thing . would never buy or use again .
comes with every brush you could think of needing ! awesome case to transport and keep brushes clean and debris free while not in us . very happy ! !
there are lots of shapes to choose from . great size for nails or any craft project you might be doing .
softsoap lavender and chamomile - liquid hand soap refill , 32 ounce very good refill for my softsoap dispensers . thanks much .
this works well . not too harsh . the jar doesn't allow for very good access to product in the shower . not my favorite smell but works well .
this fragrance is absolutely mouthwatering . it is very light and refreshing . if you love the smell of a freshly peeled orange then this fragrance is for you .
really helps with my skin and it's moisture.it is really great to put it on my face every night after studying.enjoyable facial masks ~
works fab . got one as a gift for the womenfolk of the family . everyone loves the results , even if the roller looks intimidating .
this conditioner smells lovely and makes hair feel silky soft after using . i detracted one star because it had no long-term lasting effects .
love that i can use this clip to pull my hair up to a tight bun or a loose bun . it holds hair pretty well !
can ’ t say more than what the previous reviewers have had said , really loved it , loved the variety , loved the whole package
this worked very well for me . i am so bummed that they stopped offering it . i don't like the new formula as much .
harmony gelish black shadow : arrived on time , good quality-it's the right color that i need , cure within time that's expected .
the shampoo itself is fantastic , but the bottle shape makes it hard to let it stand head side down ... therefore i would not buy it again ...
provides lots of hot air to dry your hair . it works as you would expect . it is not quiet but it is no louder than other dryers .
even doe the lipstick was cheap its a nice little pink color i won't waste my money on it nomore ... ijs i do like it doe ...
love it . looks very interesting . a perfect look for halloween and every day . looks best with silver polish used underneath .
i really like this for body and face . it's one of the better options i have found . i am happy with this .
i've used babybliss hair dryers for yrs , never have been disappointed , they're a great product.they ' re not cheap but they do last years .
good product does what it says oil of olay products a good used it for my trip to mexico last month and the price was great
not only did my eye lashes clump together with this , but this costed me breakage of eyelashes , hate this stuff !
i am hoping it is working . i guess it is , as i haven't appeared to be getting anymore thinness to my hair .
good conditioner for color treated hair , doesn't make hair oily and rinses out we'll . itjust wishing wasn't so expensive ? wow .
i should have know by the value that this was not what it is even worth . don't waste your money ! ! !
this polish is so dark , even with just one coat . it has a very shiny finish too . best black polish for the price , hands down .
love this product the best , i recommend this to other friends . i actually brought two more for family and friends
this plate is awesome ! although konad is rather expensive it is a great plate with designs i haven't found any where else .
it's cute but does look fake , with shiny shiny strands . it stays on good , and is easy to take care of .
super great find in comparison to the beauty blender sponges ! they are practically the same
nyx thankfully has a nice line of products and they do the job with ease . this is a nice color .
i have aging hair that has the " brillo " quality after washing and moisturizing . these products , in combination , are excellent for replacing body and shine .
the make goes on think , it does last a while though . would suggest does not cause acne like base minerals does .
konad stamping nail image m36 has a nice clear and clear image . i would recommend it to any one who likes nail art .
this is the best facial cleanser out there in my opinion . leaves no residue , smells fresh , and i couldn't be happier .
i almost didnt order this item becaus of a few other reviews . mine arrived fresh and of great quality . i will use it to make my homemade lotions
this isn't worth the money and doesn't work on fine hair ... only makes more static . not for me . unacceptable .
this product works great , the only issue i have is with the pump dispenser it is difficult to use . cleanser is gentle and non drying .
i have never been able to apply falsies until this baby came to my door . i love it and it helped make me beautiful !
product seemed to dry very quickly when placed on face . did not do well with my older skin . very dissapointed
this is good stuff ... and i marvel at the price . consumer reports rated this over many , many top selling , name brand skin care
i love this stuff ! it works so great ! leaves my hair so soft ! no frizz ! it is a little pricey though !
it is nice and i love coconut it does make my hair soft i didn't smell the lemon as much just the coconut
not as nice as the more expensive hair ... but thats to be expected . i wanted it for a little more lenght and it does the job .
this brush works okay , but it is a bit fat . i would like a finer brush to make thin lines .
used for 1 week so far and have noticed a change in the look and feel of my skin . so far , so good .
it smells really bitter ... must use different scent after using this ... haven't been using long enough to see results , but we'll see .
it jsut doesn't work for me . it does not fit in any of my lunch boxes . i like the aladdin line of product better !
great brush well made . no shedding and i wash my brushes every day . definitely worth the price . love this brush
nufountain makes a great vit c product and i really like how it makes my skin look and feel . i would recommend this product .
cute color its not matte and it is the real mac product i would suggest this to darker or lighter women of color amazing shade of color
thsi really works and takes off gel polish quick and easy . i would buy this again to take off gel nail polish . very helpful and quick
bought this cream as i like a lot of the hydrox skin line but this one really didn't impress me . i love their toner though .
love it ! ! i would buy this over and over again . smells wonderful ! ! only problem is it doesn't hold the mango smell all day long .
listen , these are just plastic hair combs , but i need them with my pony tail . the price is great and they work wonderfully .
nice neutral to warm shade . great price , this size will last me a long time . i have light skin and this color blends nicely
fine limes around mouth and eyes are disappearing . gentle on stomach with no ill side effects . will continue to use this product . good quality supplement .
this one is definitely a perfect serum for my face . absolutely love the effect on my face . i will purchase it again .
i didn't use it past a week . the reason why is that it's smelled kind of funny . will look for another product that doesn't smell so perfumy .
it is very greasy and made my face break out and i'm 63 years old with very dry skin . sorry .
lasted a full week as promised ! how many products still deliver on a promise ? highly recommend cnd weekly polish and top coat !
this product works great its cheaper than any other product of this type quality was vert good would definitely recommend
my face was unevened toned and dry ... this makes it feel soft and after use for around 4 weeks i started noticing evening out in tone ...
i am big nail art fan . this polish is so cute on and a great base coat by itself or with stamping .
my girl enjoys using them her nails they look great on her nails they are a lot of fun to use
it works don't get me wrong but it's a little rough ... maybe i should've ordered the other one that sigma sells ...
is not original they gave me refund its ok but dont buy it them not recommended this is the second time i try and not original
this looks great tucked into the top of a french twist & when i twist braids into a bunit looks very pretty in both hair styles .
good brush , after a few years it has become less effective . but overall a good brush for easily tangled hair .
i received my set and fell in love ! ! ! so much choices of color , and very pretty bright and vibrant colors ! perfect !
these are really good quality and do not loose shape . excellent to wear hair up for exercise , bed or for a child's hair .
nice moisturizer , under makeup , i also use olay regerist serum , underneath the cream . it works well , and has spf too .
i just love this product . it is the only thing that gets my african american natural hair as black as i would like it .
thisgreat product is wonderful easy to use and i have great results and my hair looks awesome ! great great great
from the reviews i expected to fall in love with this , it is pretty but not my favorite .
this smells good and is good for serious relaxation therapy but if you use too much it can be overwhelming
this product was a nice color . it's an adequate size . it's bulky . i have no idea if it protects with the rfid .
great oil that moisturizes well . a little goes a long way . i like it for upper arms .
works great for minimizing pore size , but needed to use it every other day . wish it was in a thicker formula .
if you have long hair then go for it . mine is and i get compliments all of the time . medium hair - won't work . sorry girls .
gentle on your skin and moisturizes without the film . great if you have sensitive skin . good for adults and children
i love love love this smell . i use to be skeptical about buying perfume over the internet before i smell it . but this smell is amazing
this doesn't really work . it does make your nail look nice . however my nails are sill breaking . guess i just need more vitamins
the lipsticks are pigmented but very soft . a couple of them was delivered broken but nothing that a lip brush and being careful won't cure .
this is a repeat buy of a product i have used for years . i would recommend it to anyone with problem nails .
these are reasonably moist ( some wipes are so dried-out ) and leave a pleasantly moisturizing feel . they are not highly fragranced which is a plus .
super cute these look great over white polish with the other to make a pretty pastel color i think these would last forever
excellent product . i use is every day and it makes my skin feel so elastic and smooth . i will be buying more soon .
tried this but really no difference other than the hair was a little bit shinier did not affect the color . will not buy this product .
just got done using it and i don't see any difference however i have used others with the same result ( no difference ) .
this is my favorite mascara and to have the ability to ship every 3 months or more is fantastic ! great idea !
these were remarkably less money than charged by cvs , as for the effectiveness , well , my wife has not gone bald .
these are awesome . they make it easy to create some exotic manicures with little time . i am particularly fond of the plaid .
i'm an aesthetician and this is truly a waste of money ! it doesn't work well ! ! ! pass it up . you'll be thankful you did .
this primer feels very smooth and soft when i apply it to my skin . i will buy again when i run out .
you have to be careful otherwise it may clog your pores ( if you are looking to use it on your face ) .
it is so pretty . i love it ! the blue really stands out . it looks just like the picture when you open it .
i use to use urban decay but this has no parabens . goes on smooth eye shadow applies easily . just love it !
this oil is really good . it smells great , feels great on you hair , and is not oily . i love it .
i love this , my hair loves it and buying in bundle makes it cheaper , which i love and recommend
my dermotologist recommended this product and i use it everyday now . absorbs quick and clear . doesn't smell . works great for under makeup
and by fine i mean it does not feel or look heavy on my face . helps set my liquid makeup if i have used it .
work very well . a good length . a little stiff but ok . used rarely but are sometimes necessary in between haircuts .
this is the only product that will keep my eyeshadow or liner on without smuding or disappearing throughout the day . i am 58 and will keep ordering .
love them ... really good lashes especially for the price ! real human hair so they look great ! i just wish they came with glue
i purchased it to cover dark circles and a melanoma on my face it did not work as well i would have liked .
these are just perfect for sewing on to weaves ! i suggest sewing two sets of hair together first before attaching clips . makes them fuller !
i love bling in my nails , especially color ones so these were perfect , i could be very creative now with all these colors .
always keep it on hand for the obvious reasons its inexpensive good and kids need their own bottles of shampoo
12 great colors to experiment with what looks good on you . great value as well , great colors for day and night .
seems to be okay but the color doesn't last long . you use it and then if you wash your hands it's all gone
i use this on my cheekbones and blend with a beauty blender . gives the best glow . i have med-fair skin .
maybe it was just the way my nose is shaped , i don't know but this was the experience i had . not worth the cost of returning though .
this is the only fragrance i wear that i consistently get compliments on . i go through 2 bottles a year .
if you have any scarring or dry skin ~ use this . it's stronger than vitamin e oil which i used in the past .
love this brush ! it is soft and feels good on the skin . i use it for applying liquid foundation . it is a really good brush .
i used this whole jar and saw no difference at all . it does moisturizer but i can find a thousand different moisturizers nothing to see here
why are all the reviews about some other product ? this is supposed to be about the roc anti gravity serum.this is not helpful
received earlier than expected . thanks ! i thought the reels were bigger but this is the first time i've ordered these and i like them .
this is another product that i can't do without ! i have tried several other brands and this one is the best as far as i am concerned .
i love this duo .. i've been using it for a long time now .. cheap price but a very good quality ..
this is a great product and does what it's suppose to do , cover up grays ! i'm happy with it and with the price !
this is simply lovely ! if you're on a budget this seriously is something to pick up . love this dearly omg
the too faced cosmetics product was very helpful . the coverage did last for the entire day with out requiring touch ups . a little pricy .
these brushes are a little better than the eye but nothing extraordinary can find better for this price the brushes had returned but could not do my job
i have just gotten started with murad regimen for my skin . the time release retinol is great and easy to use .
this wig does . not look like the picture . very poorly made . much disappointment . don't waste your money . quality is bad .
love love love . it works great , clears my pores and my face feels fresh . would buy again its a very good face mask .
did not like . if you want a good exfoliating soap try african soap it works so much better really gets the job done .. a . l
love this thing . when it died , i bought another one . great dryer . powerful but lightweight . good purchase ! will always use this one !
this stuff works really well ! highly recommend to anyone . goes on and keeps working until you wash it off . works great .
i love these brushes ! they came in great condition and work very well ! i would recomend these brushes to anyone who wants very professional nail art brushes !
i use it regularly , though i don't have deep wrinkles - yet - around my eyes , i guess--because i wear sunglasses outside all the time .
the color is awesome and great quality . it applies super smoothly and stays for a long time . i love this brand .
he simply won't try another despite cheaper options out there . it doesn't tingle his skin , smells nice & helps the indoor tan deepen .
this helps with ibs . the episodes still occur but are not as severe . tried others but this seems to be the best .
i ordered this for a scary halloween look . i am so pleased ! it gives a great , creepy crackled blood look ! very happy !
i used this on my temples when hair began to thin . all came back after a few weeks of daily message in places that were thinning
this is exactly what i was looking for ; i love how easily it goes on and how nicely it blends . i might try the brown next .
nice mirror , i was expected less quality but it is very nice . you will not have regrets if you get it
i dont have any other words but perfect . works like a dream . my make up last all day . its great .
soft brisels , don't shed , best brushes you can find , founds this brshes on a makeup tutorial by camila cohelo . great products
my kids love different ways to do there nails and these are really fun . we really enjoy the glitter and shine .
these are so pretty ! the only problem is deciding which design i want to do on my nails now ... so many choices ! !
it doesn't cover as well as i thought it would . i still have to use a highlighter and concealer with it .
after using these , i think i will stick to the ones i get at walmarts for $ 1 . would not recommend .
makes hair a little crunchyer than avedas be curly . i have very fine curly , wavy hair that loves to frizz so this takes care of the frizz .
moisturized my face but i didn't notice anything extraordinary with my skin once the bottle was empty . not sure what the fuss is about .
perfect for water or rubbing alcohol . small , light weight , clear , looks clean and sleek . fine mist , can label with a marker .
the steam makes it easy to detangle my hair . i saw it demonstrated on a youtube video and decided to buy it . great for detangling 4c hair .
bought this for my cousin because he needed to smell good in the office but he's used it all up so second time i'm buying .
this concealer works really well to cover age spots , red spots , blotches , etc . on my face , neck and chest area .
purchased these for my daughter and she loves them . i am glad that i purchased them and they are of great quality . came in time as promised .
the mitt is easy to use , and it makes for a nice smooth tan.also easy to clean.the price is reasonable , too . a good thing .
i love this conditioner ! i have tried so many different ones and this is the best i have tried . makes my hair smooth and hydrated ... :)
this is a great product for men . my husband just started using it yesterday and he can already feel a difference .
i'm not sure what to say - they do what they're supposed to do . no issues and they feel heavy and sturdy . no complaints .
the cream is heavy and almost pasty , i prefer something lighter , takes a little longer to absorb.will probably try something else next time
i don't really know how to use it . but i am sure i will figure it soon and it will be great .
the color turned out to be just what i was looking for , covered the gray and had a nice shine .
i love the smell of this and i have gotten compliments from others . the 3.4 oz bottle will last quite a while too .
this bundle is absolutely perfect for a beginner at nails and i love the colors that come in this package .
this product gives your skin a nice fresh aroma . if you do not have sensitive skin , i would definitely recommend it .
never have tried it lately but i love it and the price is the greatest and it arrived all in one piece and here fast thanks
i have been using this on my sun spots for 2 months and have not noticed any great change in discolorations . will not buy again .
i honestly could not tell a difference with this vs a good mousse . also thought the application was messy and cumbersome .
big sexy hair makes my hair feel just like suave for $ 1 does . spent too much for something that promises to be more .
one of the best i have ever tried ! ! ! trust me , i've tried many . holds hair but very flexible . highly recommend
worth the money to spend on nail polish . very long lasting , doesn't chip easily . i wear it all the time .
not any visible result after regular usage . didn't work for my nose's black heads at all . won't buy it again .
wont buy again . product didnt do anything for my hair . hair felt dry .
i liked this product a little on the oily side but my skin drinks it right up ... due to menopause , .
no complaints for this product except it doesn't appear to be 300 pieces , maybe more along the lines of 150 but they work just great !
if your looking for bright colors order this product . but make sure if you dont want it super bright to mix it within lighter shades . 5 stars .
i used it but learn from my experience . its better to take biotin or something else because this still doesnt allow your nails to breathe .
the smell is to masculine , it did not compaire to wen at all , left my daughters curly mixed hair feeling greasy .
i love that there's so many dotting sizes . easy to clean , easy to handle . i'm glad i bought these . no more toothpicks !
fast shipping and best color ever ! i would totally recommend to every nail polish lover like me ! awesome and pretty color
my cousin asked me " what's now in your hair ! " it's make my hair shiny healthy and its have a very nice smell .
they are ok .. i probably should have went for something a little more expensive , they look nice but when you use them you can feel the cheapness
i like this eyeliner for a long wearing liner . the only negative is that it adheres to my eyelashes to much .
i have used this product a long time . it is the best . leaves skin clean and soft . i love it ! !
i have always had a problem with dandruff so i put a few drops of in my shampoo the other night and i can already see a difference !
i have nothing but good things to say about this product . it really does make a difference in proper diabetic skin care routine .
only lash glue i rely on . lasts all day , removes easily , dries totally clear , requires very little product to work . best ever .
this is a stable in my polish collection . its girly and sexy w / o being over the top . whenever i wear this color i get compliments .
it's the only brush i use for french manicures and i get compliments on how great my nails look all of the time .
i would definitely buy this again . it is as good a product as a more expensive one . why pay more ?
use this shellac weekly on my nails , love it . works great as i am allergic to acrylic and no problems with this product .
the nature's gate organics c for yourself is a good product , i have bought it again second time . it makes my skin firmerand covers the pours nicely .
this conditioner helped my dry damaged hair . it added more moisture and my hair looks shiny , more bounce and healthier
super soft and pretty brushes . the pink is so light and pretty . so far i really like these brushes and for the price i would recommend them !
it's just ok , a bit too heavy even as night cream for face , or for hair . i use it on my feet
this is wonderful and will last forever . really helps my nails look better . add to your manicure routine , no more buying nail files .
i love doing nail art and these flowers are so pretty on my nails ! the one problem i have is i didn't order more yet !
i have never thought of getting a polish in this color . it pops and looks great with whirled away on top .
very good , i love it . it has great work to make body clear and do not dry , so i will buy it again .
very cute for the price . the dangles sometimes bother me if i wear it when being very active though . but its cute .
i am verry happy with the 10pcs pink 3d rhinestones nail / phone art bow . the nails look fantastic custumers are pleased .
i love this product it is a great way to keep the face looking shiny and young . i love it !
you have to conitnue use after 30 days to keep up the process . i wouldn't advise mixing this with other face creams , especially if you have sensitive skin
smell very good light smell cheap price wear it every day bottle is pretty smells good and dont last a long time
use it sparingly and my skin glows beautifully . more late afternoon and evening look or dressy . product lasts a long time and definitely recommend it .
good addition to nail kit for small lines and details . very basic brush easy to use . no loss of bristles .
bueno esto fue un regalo para mi cuñada no me ha dicho nada al respecto , aparantemente le gusto al menos parece que lo esta usando bastante
i loved these for concealer and even mineral makeup . they apply beautifully ! plus the flat top kabuki works really well !
i love this stuff ! my hair feels soft , dries fast , and i have never dealt with flaking . a great buy :)
i love this lotion . not greasy . great for dry skin . i've been using it for a couple of years and am very satisfied
find it very energizing and gets to back and feet easier , since i am disabled and cannot get to my feet or back without it .
i use this and then i use the light 20 over it . only thing that has worked for my very dark circles ! !
i am apacionate with this aroma . oscar de la renta is my favorite one and the clasic fragance is always one of my regular choices .
i just got this in the mail ! i love the dressy look with this subtle color . i will recommend this to everyone !
i keep this in my locker at school and i always put it on because my crush calls me cotton candy now ! ! !
i've used this product for several years and love it ! it's great and worth the money . my skin has defiinitely improved using this product .
it's your run-of-the-mill neutralizer.nothing fancy , doesn't really moisturize , but does help ease theunbearable burning of an acid peel fairly quickly.good product , nothing fancy .
this " cup " isn't cheaply made in any way . the bushes are stiff in the right way and super super soft .
as with many items of this kind you hope that what you receive is as nice as what is shown in the photographs . in this case it's better .
i've ordered this several times now . i use it in almost all of my homemade cleaning products . smells great and works wonderfully .
i am in love with this palette , these colors are very pigmented very shiny , smooth & makes lips feel great not sticky .
this is awesome . nothing compares . it's just as good as the expensive stuff , for not even 1/3 the price ! great !
i love brushes over the nail strippers , they seems to give me more control over how i move the brush
bought these to use with two different curling sets - they work , but not really any better than the metal " pins " that come with the curlers .
this is a great base coat ! it dries fast and work great and also protects my nails very well . thanks !
work great .. takes awhile to ship but worth the wait . highly recommend this product . works exactly as described in the ad .
this is my favorite for applying liquid foundation . i bought 2 more for backups and travel and such . i adore her entire line of brushes !
i love this product so much ! there great designs and so easy to use and clean ! great for anyone who likes to do nails !
much better than the cheap ones at cvs that i've broken a few of . this looks like its built to last .
my favorite makeup palette .. the colors are so beautiful for natural or smokey looksthe are so pigmented even without a primer
tape is shinny.some have texture . perfect for nail art . does not come off that easy . colors are nice . worth it
this is such a pretty deep cobalt blue with a nice shimmer . the color is nicely represented by the gelish picture and covered well with 2 coats .
use it every dayreasonable price.totally recommend this product.help my acne problem.will purchase again.use it every dayreasonable price.totally recommend this product.help my acne problem.will purchase again .
i was so happy to receive the studs . they are beautiful . overall they are great quality for what i paid for .
i really like pevonia products . it calms my skin . i also love the speedy delivery of my package . ( two thumbs up ! ! )
got the nails n they look strong there not thin so that's good def going to get more the price was good for 500 :)
some clear liquid was all over it , inside cap , and you can see it floating inside at the bottom under the cream .
nothing special . better than generic lotions . has a bit of an almost shimmer to it . i'd buy it again .
since i found mychelle's products it is all i use . all the products work well . good to know no chemicals .
as good as most serums without irritation and vegan . and what a great value for making my own mixes and using from head to toe .
returned this item , vendor kind to take back . i found it very drying and wouldn't buy again . it's up to you !
this is not what i expected ; thought it would blow air out through the wand but it just gets hot ; works well but it's just ok .
i love the light fresh lavender scent of this paraffin . also , the wax really mositures your hands after removing them from the paraffin bath .
great brush . evenly applies my bronzer and has very soft bristles . concerned about washing it because i don't want the water to rust inside the re-tractable part !
this has been the only product that has not made my face breakout ! i highly recommend this too anyone that has extremely sensitive skin .
works just like the ones at the nail shop . haven't had one issue . very happy about my purchase . i would recommend it to everyone .
all redken rocks . i trust my hair to all of their products . this leaves hair silky soft for days
i like this lotion except for one thing . it smells good at firsts but after a while that self tanner smell starts to creep in
i do my own manicures and live the deep reds , purples and magentas . this tool helps my manicures look professional
works very well , super sticky . once its on there and dried don't try to take it off right away because it will hurt your eyelids lol .
the soft sides of this case ended up as a clump of extra fabric in the bottom of my bag . truly not something you need in your life .
this product is always a good buy and came in record time.thanks for the good service .
out of all the natural sunscreens i have tried i like this one the best . i feel like it goes on smoother than most .
i use it to line out my lower lash line with shadows . it's perfect for the job , very precise and easy to work with
i haven't used these yet but they are what is described and i think they will work great , definitley great product for the price
these do not hold up past one use . very disappointing . i will not re-order . 3 stars are for amazon prime which was great as usual .
my daughters use this for their teen acne outbreaks . it is not terribly drying , but good for clearing the face and keeping it clean .
got it in a good amount of time , and my daughter loves it . it was a christmas gift.it ' s a nice fragrance
i didn't find this very impactful on my skin . left a bit of a film after using . not all that impressed .
works well for hydration but did not see a difference anywhere else . it also made me break out , it is definitely not made for sensitive skin .
i like them they look like they would work really well but i have not got to use them yet .
this product works very well and smells great . leaves my daughter , granddaughter and my hair silky , soft and shiny . will buy again !
this color has been compared to mac candy yum yum but it's about $ 10 cheaper ! wet n wild has gorgeous lip colors ! ! !
good deal for a very good price , i received about 30 of these circles and each one has at least 4 diffrent designs
they arrived quickly from the seller . nice , simple , functional brushes . i've purchased a few from this brand and have been satisfied thus far .
i absolutely love this product , it leaves your hair soft and easy to manage . makes blow drying a breeze and it smells divine .
great price and great value . there's not much else to say , it's soap . it's normal liquid hand soap and i highly recommend .
it's very " lovely " , a light feminine scent that doesn't last . simple fix : respray yourself . this little bottle goes fast unfortunately .
this eyeshadow is too shimmery , it also creases a lot and doesn't stay on very long . i would not recommend this .
i got this kit over a year ago and it's still being used.for the price , and the compact that keeps it all straight this was a good buy .
i love guilty by gucci edt spray for men , 3 ounce ! i purchased previously and i always wanted more ! highly recommended !
when my girlfriend want the real long hair do she uses this wig and even can wear it in a pony tail or with hat .
this mascara may work well for others but it did absolutely nothing for my eyelashes . didn't add any length or volume , just weighed my lashes down .
it's not the greatest primer i've ever used , but it works well . it doesn't make my skin break out which i appreciate .
does the trick , and i trust the brand . i wish it had a push-open spout for drops but not a real minus .
+ great fragrance during and after shower + long lastingno complaints . this is simply a great shower gel for men !
loreal had a mascara and primer that worked better with thickening of lashes . this type did not do much thickening and separating .
this product is an essential piece to the shellac at-home nail experience . it temporarily dries the nail before the primer .
i use my dotting tools for everything and i love them . the tape works but does take some getting used to !
good texture - absorbs nicely . does seem to minimize some lines . does not have an overpowering odor to it as some others do .
these work great . i mean i didnt have to buy the konad brand but i do like it and use it a lot
the color for me is not right . also it looks thick and pasty , if you have try lips ut really shows and flakes off .
biotin was recommended to help strengthen fine hair . it's all right , not worth the price . the smell is just ok .
this mirror works great . it doesn't fog up even in a hot shower . easy to hang and easy to care for .
this is very good quality and very good price , my friend and i love it so much.thank you again .
my nails are pretty damaged from having artificial ones on for so long . this product has my stamp of approval already after less than a month .
these are great products for the price . i am very pleased i purchased these and not the more expensive ones at our local beauty supply store .
i have been useing this product for as long as its been out . love , love , love it .. no nore greasey hands or legs ...
i use all of the nivea men products . this is a great face scrub it leaves your face nice and refreshed . great for the skin also .
do the job thats needed but one was bentjust use it for holding hair and when flat ironing and curling
excellent fan ! bristles do not shed and easy to use . i highly recommend this brush to all make up lovers
well all i gotta say is yes really worth it for the moneythey got some really beautiful colorsand i would definitel order some more soonlove it
it goes on more purple / pink then a red . i ended up giving it to my sister she likes it . so it worked out great
i will purchase again and again . great when you've been up too late or tossed and turned . cover's red rims and makes you look more perky !
good product but it did cause a rash . probably because i am allergic to most products . worth a try if you don't have sensitive skin .
it great for the bath . my son gets rashes and putting him in the tub with this stuff helps him heal faster .
this is my go-to product for my 2c curly hair . i use a light hold gel on top of it and it works great .
easy to handle and great because they come in different shapes and sizes so you can pick which one you like .
bought this for a son to use in shower . liked the price and the reviews and he says it works great !
i am loving the acure products . i am using this with the shampoo and my hair seems the healthiest it has been in a long time .
terrible for my skin , burning , and dryness , made my skin look awful , i will never use roc products again . just awful .
i bought it for my sister for her birthday since she specifically said that she liked it and wanted it and she loves it so no complaints .
it still takes a little work to get the waterproof mascara off , but this product definitely works , and doesn't leave you feeling greasy .
i love it it is light want buy real perfume it good for pricebuy and wear everyday cheap price for money clean
i will never go back to washing my face without this . even with all of the holiday sales , amazon still has the best prices .
these qtips are not flexible .. they are the stiff ones which make great for art projects . they dont bend all over the place
this smells great and works very well . i definitely would consider purchasing again and recommending to others . great sun protection . i like their gel moisturizer too .
wish it were more secure in my hand ; the strape is too lose , but other than that , i'm happy i ordered it .
i cant believe the price of the lipstick especially for loreal you pay big bucks in the store for this . i would buy again . great lipstick :)
these are perfect for making my own flowers and bows . line with grosgrain ribbon , attach a no-slip liner on the inside , and all is great .
works just as well as leading more expensive face pads . has helped reduce my breakouts . good quality product .
this is the best color for short nails as i have short nail beds as well and strong color i like to avoid .
beautiful color . i never fail to get compliments when i wear this nail polish . it's just so pretty ! dries quickly also .
for me , it compares to the most expensive out there . i love it and have recommended it to my friends .
some glitter pieces were too big to even get onto the nail . others were too thick and would get caught onto clothing .
this product is suppose to make you hair appear fuller and thicker ... just don't see it . makes me feel like it makes my hair look dirty
this is a very nice makeup if you don't want to look like you are wearing makeup . it just smooths your skin out nicely . i like it .
i feel like i waste too much nail polish remover in these things . and sometimes the liquid comes out . overall they arent bad but not great either
i'd much rather free-hand my own stripes than use these . not worth the month wait , at all . wouldn't recommend to anyone , honestly .
i love the product ! i love the product ! my hair , thin and oily , but this product was very light . recommend to everyone .
this product was ok . i didn't notice any significant differences in skin , but for the price , this is great for an additional mosturizer .
i am still getting used to using this polish with the kit . i have learned not to make it too thick or else it will peel off easily .
like putting on another coat of nail polish . does not really strengthen the nails . would not buy this product again . sorry .
want the teased look all day long ? ? ? this is the product for you ... love the teased look .. loxks ur tease in all day long !
the product comes in this big jar ( will last for a long time ) and the product it self is effective
i ordered this because my pink beauty blenders bleed . i love beauty blenders , they make your makeup look absolutely flawless !
works well , just have to be careful because it seems like it could break really easily . but good for the price .
it got stuck in my hair and the first day i tried to use it , it broke . i was not impressed
this item gives great coverage and allows for quick application . it also allows for skin renewal and promotes healthy skin .
good for everday use and it look really naturali was going to use this for cosplay but it not that full it better for everday use
heats up really fast and while the plates are wide they are still thin . you get more hair done in less time .
this product was great ! love it ! it works quite well . thank you for making such a quality product . it is really great .
i love how giant this container is . this will last me a long time . i dye my hair black and it does the job well .
the fiber was easy to use and it stays on for the whole day . invisible to others . recommend buying
i like this thinner , cause it works great for restoring my seche vite top-coat , and works great on all other nail polishes too .
i love playing esthetician and i like to do all types of peels . this is one of those peels that i do an a regular basis .
softsoap coconut and ginger - liquid hand soap refill , 32 ouncesmells good , big refill , good price , no complaints from our house
great for green or brown eyes . well pigmented and with shany i never have to use a primer and it stays on all day .
great product i love the stains for they do not rub off as easily and do not stain teeth . let it dry then cover with gloss
this is a leave in conditioner you can put in right after hair wash which is weightless and softening even the worst hair .
it's foam wrapped around metal wiring , so the more you use this , the more it warps over time ... making it ineffective .
the description says 270 studs and i didn't get anywhere close to 270 studs . i feel like i got ripped off .
out of all the great konad plates , this one is my favorite . i get so many complements on how my nails look .
it's makes my foundations good on like butter ! so glad i bought this brush ! wish i would have gotten it sooner .
i love it i use it on my own nails and it's a good one . the good think it got here early
ship was fast , the product is little small than i thought , the nail is look like my little finger , you will get what you pay for ..
this is the nicest blow dryer i have ever had and it's very reasonably priced . i am really happy with it .
my daughter asked for this for christmas . she loves this and couldn't find it to purchase in her area . it made her happy !
must have for finishing your mineral makeup look . gives the soft focus look to your makeup and is very pretty .
i have been using a department store product similar to this ... the cover girl was 1/8 th the price and worked just as well
love the feel of these brushes . i do notice a difference in my skin . it looks healthy and clean . will purchase again .
what a lovely deep blue . as usual , the formula is the shiz and you gotta love the opi wide brush !
sheds like a sick dog ... hair is so thin its damn near see through .. save your money ! i won't buy again . lesson learned ! ! !
this formed an oily layer on my skin that's kind of waxy . i had to use it up so i use it as laundry detergent since it's organic .
i have been using this make up for several years and love how well it covers , without looking like i have tons of make up on .
i recommend this product if your hair is hard to brush out after shower because of dying it excessively . i love it and use it everyday .
just got it today . i smoothed it on non greasy . my thighs did feel firmer . thanks
leaves your hair gummy and it does not give your style a " second chance " . i had to wash the crap out of my hair !
this neutralizer is a must have if you do any type of a facial peel . very effective and reasonably priced .
amazing product , i love elf eye primerbecause , still to long period and that make eye shdaw the best
so many different colors for nail design . this has lasted a long time for multiple uses . will but again in the future .
i can't go without it . i love this product so much that i have tried several of their other products . it looks lice with or without makeup !
it's perfectly good for straight hair too , to prevent fly awayit wears like a homemade mayonaise conditionerit is pretty good too
just as i expected from reviews it's okthe reason why i got it is because i walk for exercising andi only need it as needed
i love this nail polish , good color , shipped quick and sally hansen makes really good products anyways . would totally recommend .
has worked for years and now with sun screen what else could you want ? non-greasy non-build up , and for a good price .
the dark brown is really more medium to light brown . doesn't stay in place very well . have to wear it with a wide head band .
i've head several of my friends test out this product and we all agreed that it lived up to the pantene pro-v standards .
this made my hair very stiff and crunchy . i was afraid that it would cause breakage . this is definitely not what my hair needs .
best eye liner i've ever used ! good on like butter ! and stays on well . highly recommend !
i use this on my skin at night to fade and prevent acne marks . it works well and it doesnt make my acne worse .
it's a nice little brush butt it was way smaller than what i expected . not to bad for the price though .
i had to see for myself if these actually worked . i could not make them stay . should've ordered a few more donuts instead .
a wonderful kit the base coat , the top coat , the white for the smile and clear pink for top . a must have looks very natural
great color to cover undereye circles ... nice smooth consistency .. could be a bit creamier ... tends to be just slightly dry .
did not no it smell this loud next i need one with a soft smell meaning if you doing something wrong you would get caught from the smell .
this is great shampoo and does not take out the body from my hair . leaves it shiny and silky . good price too .
it was just the thing to start a new makeup trunk with and was as it was said to be in .
this wig sheded a lot ... you may like it but be careful combing it or using a wig brush it may sheded a lot !
i love this it's amazing it works wonders around my eyes and feels so soft . i will definitely buy more .
for the money its worth it however this lipstick is not long-lasting . if you want to keep the look you will have to keep re-applying .
i've been using these for diffrent styles and designs on my nails this summer and they look great . can't go wrong with china glaze , .
love the color and the price . it goes on smooth and doesn't look heavy . i would recommend this lipstick to anyone
pretty color , more pink than purple but might be my skin tone too .
really cheap products but i love results . i used to wear the expensive stuff but was tired of paying so much for so little .
these are verry pretty . they dont stick on as well as i hoped . the colors are bright and look really good over colored polish
great colors and easy to use . this will make my nails look great . i couldn't wait to try them out .
this is just as good a jean paul version . women told me how great it smelled and could not tell it was an imitation version !
this product makes your skin feel brand new . you will notice a difference within the first week . i love this product , definitely worth the money .
my granddaughter has eczema and needs a gentle cleansing wash . i highly recommend this product for any one with sensitive skin .
i wear contact lenses and this is the best inner lid eyeliner i have ever used . no smudging and very long lasting . i will buy this again
i have extremely dry skin but this product is able to hydrate the complete night .
the product did not meet my expectations but for the price i thought it was worth a try.it may work well with false lashes
the bows look nothing like the picture at all , i can see through them and they are badly made . do not get these !
perfect perfect perfect , i love the detail of this train case and for it to have a strap makes it so much more easier to travel with !
i really like them all 3 colors they are very cute & & 3 coats for shure highly recommend it its awesome i love pink
came dry as the desert . sucks but it's cheap . what did i expect ? don't buy it .
my face is actually glowing since i've been using this product . i give it 5 stars for sure ! i'll be ordering more soon .
a nice big bottle . lathers well . the smell is not overpowering . it did not leave an oily residue like some volumizing shampoos do .
i have really sensitive skin and i am loving this moisturizer / sunscreen . it is great to find it regularly on amazon - will order again .
well packaged and sharp . they are very sharp . i have trouble with my hands but these nippers work well and i don't have a problem using them .
this really lives up to its name . i love it . doesn't turn my skin white like most acetone removers do .
this oil is very thick and coats the hair very well . locks in moisture for days . may be to thick to place on scalp ...
not my favorite color , mostly pink not much purple to it but anything gelish get 5 stars from me . love them ! !
this is a great powder , my make up stays on all day . does not make me look cackey at all ! will re-purchase .
i love this foundation . is much better than i thought it would be . my skin has not been flaky since i started using this .
ocusoft lid scrub plus , pre-moistened pads , individually wrapped , 30 pads seem to work as well as expected . do not like the feeling after use residue .
when i can't afford lancome ' , loreal is my less expensive option . i have been using this product for many years .
they look okay just have trouble getting them one and the price is not bad .. they are okay i don't think i will reorder this
because of the inconsistent texture , i think it would make a nice base for other masks or scrubs . does the trick . very natural .
love this .. great color .. love the brand and anything from hunger games gets 5 stars in my book lol
very high quality . i bought this for my teen , but the scent is something i would consider for an elderly woman . very good quality product though !
and chose a different color almost every time i do them . takes less time to do your nails and lasts longer
this product is great . i have only usrd it once it makes my hair feel like its full and thick
i have another cologne that i prefer but i bought this because my wife really likes for me to wear it when we are out together .
nice just like the picture , but ebay sells these for $ 1.00 for 1000 pieces , which i woild have purchased on ebay insteaf of axon
this is an excellent facial cleanser . i have combination skin like most people . this cleanser is effective but doesn't overly dry out spots .
i use this to shape my brow and i love it so much . when it gets dirty i just wash it with dish soap and let it dry .
this was a very good deal for the amount of pads . i will be buying them again when i need more .
absolutely the best blending brush i have ever used . the shape is perfect as well for applying color to the crease and then blending out .
i absolutely love this eyeliner ! the color is stunning , and it lasts all day . i love creating subtle cat eyes with it .
cute ... and amazing price , took off a few stars because its not as long and the bangs seemed fake , but otherwise super fun ..
i am in love with this brush , this was my first purchase from this brand . great brush so soft , apply makeup very smooth .
i love these ! great colors , stay well . they do smell like school wood pencils but whatever . lol will buy more and soon .
i got this item when i was supposed to get it ! heard about this nail strengthener on pinterest so i figured give it a try ! !
i buy the little aveeno for everywhere and this is a great size for the car and purse . nourishing , but never greasy . this is my favorite .
not sure what the hype is as it did't make a difference on my hair . not bad but not good either .
this is a great product . i use it once a day with 30 sunscreen over it . it does fade as suggested . a little pricy .
because i have such fair skin i love this nude palette . i can use pretty much every color on this without looking to harsh .
i love these pins ... mini or full size.they hold my fine layered hair in buns like no other pin . a must have in your hair stash !
so glad i bought this product and the price was right , they come in handy when you want a straight line when doing nail designs .
i hope i can always find this . i love it . best color , best gloss feel , everything about it .
i love jane ire dale mineral foundation , my skin breath throw it , it is very light and fits great for me .
i love the product.it is a great price.yes , i would recommend this product especially because of the wide range of different colors ...
i buyed this at tices corner , smells good . you will like this one a lot ! orange ginger is not to strong smelling .
i am in love with this gloss . i do a nude lip or dark nude lipstick with this gloss on top
its a nifty little sharpener . i got this for my husband as a stocking stuffer for christmas and he loves it !
i used the spray for a shine and it works and i am going to order some more very good product .
made my skin burn ! can't imagine putting it on baby's skin . texture was pleasant and it absorbed fast , but did not help to calm the irritation down
i bought this for the top of my bathroom vanity . the quality and storage capabilities are fantastic ! this organizer is a no brainer !
finally found an eyeliner that you can put on your inner eye lid and lasts all day with that fabulous black ! ! worth the money .
i was really excited to receive this box , and i would have kept it except it did not fit all my nail polish .
i use this for moisturizing my eyelashes . the container is awesome and love that i can shake out one at a time . keeps everything clean !
nicely made .. heavy bristled brush ! great for short hair ! definitely not a plastic brush ! would be great for that guy in your life !
good product . takes off eye makeup with little effort . even water proof . was offered at a good price for all 3 . will buy again
only downside is it's so expensive . it took almost a full bottle to notice a difference in my skin . great stuff but way too pricy !
love this ! i would clean my face with nothing else . use this on my clarisonic brush every night and my shin feels great
i like buying this because of it's great smell , awesome price , and the fact that it's a pretty big bottle . i'd recommend this one .
this brush is super soft and so dense ! it is just pefect for applying concealer and for setting that concealer with powder . love it !
works fine . its just really sticky to get off your hands and it tough to try to put in hair .
i love the product , but the send me the glue bottle empy . why they do this , if the offer one thing and give yo other
i do my own nails and these are perfect . sizes to fit fingers and toes . just like the ones at the salon .
both my workers and customers agree that these are cute but waaaay too big . they only fit on the thumbs and are more suitable for the toes .
awesome it is amazing it stay on u r haire longer small amount is infe to hold really loved it
i'm pretty sure it caused my face to breakout so i stopped using it . i do not recommend . very cheap .
mom says this cleanser doesn't irritate her skin , and it isn't as red when she's done . she says she'll continue using it .
prettier than the picture . very well make . even though it is made out of metal it is very light weight .
excellent product value . both gels work great with harmony-gelish products purchased elsewhere . don't over pay for mini size product elsewhere .
do your self a favor & get this & throw all your other filing sets ! ! absolutely amazing tools that will give a professional results . highly recommended !
i honestly can see visible difference in fine lines . around eye area and also the harder to diminish smile lines . good product .
love it ! my skin looks and feels tons better ! ! it smells good and does not leave a greasy mess on your skin !
i purchased this beautiful hair pin as a gift for my daughter . she will love the design and color of the stones ! just beautiful !
this is very nice product if you know how to use it , it will work love it i want to buy more but they are expensive .
i haven't seen any real difference in my short time using it , but i adore how soft it makes my skin feel if nothing else .
it's the best cream to remove makeup , especially the eye makeup . i have been using this pond's for 42 years , and it is the best !
it makes your scalp tingle and feel very good on your head and i would buy it again . a copney
i've tried several leave ins , and finally stopped once i began using this product . it softens and detangles wet hair and has a great smell .
sigma dupe for sure . love these brushes super soft and awesome . only complaint is a handle was a little loose after a while .
i don't really know , maybe i didn't purchase a color light enough but i just don't like how it looks .
i like the wen mists , but i definately do not like the scent of this one . i gave it away .
great combination for healthier skin ! moisturizes very well . refrigerate so when you apply , there's a refreshing & cool sensation ! :)
this was gift for my boyfriend and after trying so many other products , he is very happy with this product
after a facial cleaning this tops it all . it makes your face feel nice a smooth ..
cheap , quiet , lightweight , and ionic.the hot setting is too hot , but medium is just right . i'm glad i bought it .
i love this product for how wonderful it makes my hair feel and act . thank you to deva curl for having the perfect conditioner
this works great , a few sprays keep my make up looking fresh all day ... i'll buy it again for sure .
this stuff is no better than any ten percent benzoyl peroxide you can buy at walmart . it is just way more expensive .
fabulous product for the price . very vibrant ! just make sure you store it tip down so it won't dry out .
this dmae face cream and moisturiser is awesome . i keep coming back to this again and again . it definitely makes me look great .
i love them they come in handy to put on my uv light i love tht it didn't take long
these rollers heat up within minutes ! ! ! by the time i get dressed , they are hot and ready to go ! ! makes styling a breeze :)
i found this product on amazon at a reasonable price , however , when i went to purchase the price jumped considerably . beware and watch the pricing .
you don't have to worry too much about looking like a clown with this blush . it's easy to control your application . a nice blush .
it barely has a scent . it doesn't moisturize very much . not worth the price . i will never order any philosophy products again .
i love this product so much ! ! i found it accidental on aamazon and i freaking love it ! ! the positive reviews are right . this stuff rocks
you need tons of remover to fill them and they sometimes leak making them a stinky mess that can ruin whatever is around you .
i just looovve this product ! love the scent of it and how it feels on my face . definitely see improvement
i love the scent , however - it wears off quickly . i would be totally in love with this perfume it would last beyond 30 minutes .
this product works well . i brought both the shampoo and conditioner and it left my families hair silky , shiny and smooth . i will purchase again .
works great i use it alot at first i thought it was to small but its actually perfect for me
this stuff totally dried my face out , even with the lotion , i wouldn't recommend it .
my eyebrows were very defined which i loved and it kept my brow in place all day this is a keeper .
i love the pueen plates and have all three series . i am very much looking forward to the next set which i hope comes out soon !
the only thing i dont like is the smell but other than that i like it because it give my esse colors a gely look and feel :)
i have used this for years and like how it both cleans and hydrates my hair . i have nothing more to say .
definitely in my top 3 pink nail polish shades . great color for the spring & summer seasons to bring out any outfit .
so far so good ! not a dramatic change yet but i am noticing difference in my skin tone and the spots are getting lighter .
came within a few weeks and there was a variety of colors and as described in the description of the product .
i have shoulder length , fine hair . this is a decent brush , but i wish it was a bit smaller . this thing is huge .
love there little charms , not too bad on variety but i did get some repeats . over all they are super cute .
these tiny pearls make brides ' nails beautiful and feminine for their special day . i couldn't be happier with them . love
totally love dove pink rose , sad that i can't get the 8 pack with my subscribe and save . but will continue using this . smells great works great
bought this for my teenaged niece who also has long black hair . this looks pretty on her hair . hope this holds up for some time too .
i did not care for this product . i did not like the way it smelled on me . i would not buy it again .
i am starting an apprentice this summer as a nail tech at a beauty shop and these will help me in achieving my goals .
love the curved brush my reliable stand by brand is great product works well and is easy to apply .
i use thiswith obagi vit . c 20 % to keep my skin looking nice ! ! ! love it .
i have very fine and light lashes . this works great . my eyes water all day long and this does not run or burn my eyes .
love it . the dryer is the best really . i have virgin hair and so it is somewhat difficult to straighten but not with this blow dryer .
these work great ! good quality duck bill clips and i have been really liking them instead of claw clips . buy them !
harmony gelish foundation / base gelby gelishgood quality , easy to use , dry fast within expected time , can use with any uv light .
works well with nail tips . this really does soften the cuticles so nail tips are easy to press on . very happy with purchase and would definitely recommend .
it's really colorful almost all the colors of the rainbow i thought it would be bigger but even if it's small it still works great .
i should have found a better brand , these are cheap and twist shut when i try to open them , very disappointed
love the smell of this and the hold - it's not too sticky and not too heavy . just right for my fine hair .
i love this nail polish , it's great . so pretty . i was wanting a good color for fall & this one is perfect !
i love this lip cream . it has the long lasting benefit of a lip stain , but the pigment and matte of a good lipstick !
love my toners . i did not need any just bought it for the price . it cleans without stripping . i have really dry skin .
i love the lotion ! my skin feels amazing ! ! i actually added some essential oils from a local spa in town to create my own scented blend !
i love the color ! really beautiful and i am very pleased with it . it looks very nice . a good buy .
i love this product . it makes my hair smell do good and feel so soft . its not overly oily and it doesn't weigh your hair down .
there is a brush for everything ! i love all the options i am able to have while i do my makuep
this product was great , it is exactly the product i was looking for for the price i was looking for ..
it gently lifted all aging problems and impuritties on my skin , make skin look younger . i will keep trying it . thank you .
this is a great cheap doting tool ideal for every single nail art you want . they come in 8 different sizes .
the scent is so delightful that i use it myself . although , i chose it for my husband.give it a try as you won't be disappointed .
very strong fake scent , and for some reason made my hair stiff as a board . too many chemicals ... back to plain coconut oil for me .
they lie in the product description ... this is just reg body lotion that you can get at the end of the isle at walmart ..
this is like a microwave oven ; you never need one until after you've had one ... then you never want to be without one again .
i have decided i don't like these as much as other things on the market . still they're adorable and look cute .
ok product they are not all tht great bc they are really flimsy and thin the bend this would work for bigginers
we put these in our gift bags for a beach wedding . everyone loved them . it's good sunscreen , convenient travel size .
i have this already and i like it very pretty color's i do not want to be chared two times any more
awful ! ! doesn't work as well as it advertises ! stupid me for buying this i should have known better ! ! waste of money !
love it ! ! always use it to curve my hair and it does give my hair very natural shape . works perfect for the past 2 months .
this is a good product for a good price . i have been using it about a year and have had no problems .
looks exactly like the picture , it holds up very strong doesn't fall out of my hair , absolutely beautiful i love it
these are not high end polishes . however , they dry fast ( which is good considering you usually need 3-4 coats for good coverage ) .
love opi . and all their products . this one leaves shine on top and is a great base coat too . will buy again for sure !
big , easy to manage , very light . left hair nice and straight . best purchase and the price is even greater , good cuality .
this product is okay but i am not completely sure if it works or not . the idea makes sense but it hurts a bit to use .
great for volume ! it leaves hair a little stiff in the roots , but it is very worth it for a night out or a date !
this headband is adorable . the photo doesn't do it justice . this product is well-made and great for children and adults .
i liked this so much that i bought a large one . now i can take it on vacation with me !
these are hairclips . useful for decorating easter baskets , clothing , anything that can use some color . may be a bit over the top for the hair .
love this color and it is the best gel polish . glad i can get these through amazon . my nail tech will love .
love it . it cover my acne and marks on my face so well . i do will tell my friends about this palette concealer . its the best .
it gets the job done . the small one is great for y 2 year old's fine hair . worth the price .
this set is great , i really like it , it's perfect for everyday and you have a lot of color to choose from .
big disappointment . made my hair flat and greasy . i have really nice curly hair and i just didnt like it at all .
i purchased it for a gift because its very reasonably priced , my family members have used it and highly recommended it .
no perfume or overpowering smell , went on smooth . didn't make my face break out . perfect to travel with ! i recommend this product !
this was a gag gift for my boyfriend . he got a good laugh out of it and does use it !
i bought this with the alba botanica pineapple enzyme cleanser , i used it a few times , nothing special . it's sitting somewhere under the sink .
i love the commercial that sows this same exact color the girl on it looks great so i had to get the look
works good , just have to stay home when you use it ( or drink it ) the night before . taste pretty good too ..
good coverage to hide dark under eyes and blemishes before applying foundation . easy to apply and matched my light skin tone flawlessly . prompt delivery .
this does not work at all when i blowdry my curly hair straight . was hoping for a silicone free solution . this isn't it .
this smells great . works terrific for a contour or just and allover sunkissed glow . it smells yummy and has a great matte finish .
straight blade , better leverage and able to manage thick very curved nails . i am very happy with this excellent tool .
it worked a little but dint get rid of puffiness like stated.hopefully i can find something better then this.could have been better
its easy to do you just have to have patiences to place it in the nail straight and it can make your basic nails look unique
its keeps my skin smooth . i can use it every other day . i do not have to use it daily .
this is the perfect size that i wanted , perfect for my fingers and toes . but when i have sleep overs for my daughter , everything gets used .
i bought 2 of these . and would buy for a friend . works awesome . i can do my own nails and save money .
this is the best eyelash adhesive i've ever used ! ! ! it is my favorite . i have black lashes , so this matches my color well .
lots of glitz and bling sparkle sparkle easy to apply and great variety of color shipped well no issues with this
the best u can use to do ur gel manicure its the big bottle in stores u only can find the small ones
took a little time to figure out how best to position this device . it works as well as it says ..
this is one of my must-haves , it looks so natural ! ! ! isn't cake , very light but at the same time it covers your imperfections .
will be perfect for soaking my nails to get the gel off them . i highly recommend them for the price
my son has used every product axe makes and is looking forward to making this a part of his grooming routine .
the whole bath or shower will smell great when using this product . it leaves the user with a clean , fresh feeling .
i love giorgio armani acqua di gio pour homme 3.4 oz eau de toilette spray ... i purchased previously and i always wanted more !
i use this product in a spray mist for my 4b hair and it is wonderful . my hair is moisturized throughout the day . i love it !
what is there to say the plate has many images bubbles and animal and wood type love the snake and turtle
haven't used yet but will look good i know special if your attending a wedding or something fancy and classy i can't wait to try !
this one is very easy to use and perfect , i comb my hair and simply up-do it like a hairstylist .
when i beat my face with a classy look i almost always wear this ! great buy , don't pass this up !
these are typical , normal bobby pins . they stay in well , they match my hair color and they do the job
not sure how much more i can say . will always reorder when i'm down to my last squirt bottle . kent oram
my mother in law has dry skin and only uses this sunscreen because it makes her skin very moisturized and protected .
i use this on days when i am not going to be in full sun . i like how lightweight it is and the ingredient list is pretty pure .
i definitely love obagi products ... although i do breakout once in a while but compare to other products i feel much more secured with obagi ...
i look forward to useing it with my new makeup trunk and was as it was said to be . a grate price .
i really enjoy using this product . i use it on my body and hair . it is complete gone , had to purchased more . thank you .
nice shower gel , does a good job cleaning and smells great as well . rinses clean and doesn't leave any residue .
i really like this gel . i use it around my eyes before i apply my eye cream and it seems to make my eye cream work better .
this stuff is great , ive used tons of different lotions and this one is deffiantly the best especially for the price . really impressed !
i really love the feel and the fragrance of this product however , it makes me break out so i won't be purchasing it again .
this mirror is great . it's clear and heavy . very high quality for the price . i'm happy i purchased this item :)
this is an inexpensive set of makeup brushes that i would recommend to anyone looking for a nice set at a reasonable price .
i have purchased this for my mom for christmas , it came really quickly and product is as shown . hope my mom will find this useful .
love the colors but the bottles were too small , was expecting the normal size bottles i would normally buy at the stores ...
the condtioner and shampoo leaves my hair dry when i dried it , it was frizzy and the volume was overdone ,
i absolutely love this train case ! it has so much room ! i have alot of make up and it fit perfectly ! perfect price too !
this is a great conditioner and a little goes a long way . it does have a great scent and leaves your hair soft and silky .
this is amazing mixed with silicon mix . it makes my hair shiny and bouncy and very moisturized . this will always be one of my staples ! ! !
i love love his eyeliner , i like buying lorel products , and have no regret buying this liner , will buy more
they are very pretty . they don't last long . the tops on most of them came off . but for starter brushes i would say its a great deal
this is a great set for decorating the nails . it makes it so much easier than trying to work with your fingers .
i use this product daily and i love it . it's not oily or greasy and always leaves my skin feeling refreshed.will definetely keep ordering this .
got this for my mom . she said it was nice but in no way was a miracle worker to fight against wrinkles .
nice light springy yellow color . almost like lemon pudding color . goes on smoothly and usually done in 1-2 coats , typical china glaze
this body scrub smells sooooooo good , and the aroma lingers long after the shower . makes my skin very soft and i'd recommend to anyone !
this is amazing on the water line to bright the eyes i also use it on my brow bone to to highlight ! soo cheap and solo useful ! !
this is such a great idea and would recommend this greatly . although the bigger dots are kinda harder to apply to the nail but still cute
it is very pretty it just a littly heavy for my hair , but it was worth the price i paid ;:
this is a great quality wig , however it is a much lighter shade of red than in the photos .. also the ends are wavy with no curls :(
works great compared to the knock off ones i bought . i will never buy the bulk ones without the konads name on it . plate worked well .
i only received the eyeliner and thought it had the liquid eyeshadow also . otherwise , it's good stuff.it would have been a better buy if the eyeshadow was included
i used two times ， i felt it had the some feeling with clarins ‘ cream ， and from now i did not see any change ...
love this product , fresh smell should suit anyone.not too heavy , light fragrance . i keep in kithen as wella s bathrooms
i love this perfume and the other one also . it smells so sexy and sensual , will always buy this one
the brush sucks the mascara is extremely thick and i just hated the way it made my lashes look they weren't defined at all . it was just horrible
this cloth is amazing . exfoliates very well and lasts a long time . i will definitely be repurchasing this . very happy !
this is a great product . i use it in conjunction with the almond oil and jamaican oil daily on my skin and it works wonders .
even though it obviously conditions , it doesnt make my hair heavy or limp , which is a problem i have with most condtioners.excellent conditioner
i've been using this loose face powder for severral years and i love it . it dissappears and leaves your face beautifully matte but not dry looking .
this is a beautiful and light perfume . perfect for everyday use . i would recommend . it's light and pretty . very feminine .
love this to sooth and comfort dry itchy eczema . i put it on 2-3 times a day for best results . i really like that it's all natural .
this brush has good quality bristles and the handle has a nice shape to grip . quick to ship , would purchase again .
i wish i had purchased these fingers earlier . we glue fake nail on them and practice designs . they are perfect .
ok . pouch is pretty cheap looking and some of the hairs came out of the brushes during use . may just have been my set .
i love the quality and price of these brushes . i almost bought a set from another brand for 3x the amount . this is a no brainer ! !
this product is okay . it doesn't control the frizzies for me and my shampoo wouldn't suds up for me when i had this product in my hair .
a bit hard to apply , but they are great . i have used them so much since i bought them ! wooh !
it's a cute color , i like it .. like the other reviewers said , the color looks kind of like a mermaid tail .
this item is virtually impossible to find , but i did and will continue ordering if the price is right . thanks ...
the formula may be decent , but the applicator wand is awful . it takes forever to apply mascara using this weird ball-shaped wand . i will not repurchase .
goes on just like lipstick but its a gloss . i don't like the color but the product itself is very cool and works .
results as indicated not so . buy something less expensive in your local drugstore , and don't waste your money on this product
i love , love , love these lashed . they are the perfect length and fullness . no one ever believes that they are fake .
this is the only brand of cotton swabs i will use . amazon has a better price than the department stores .
made my skin feel awesome and kept it well hydrated through the rough winter months when it usually dries out .
i bought these and to me something's are better to just go out & buy instead of waiting a long time ,
more like 60 pieces but still super cute ! for the right price ! i love them i create cool designs and the studs add flava !
this is the best pore cleaner . look who makes it . all there products are wonderful and will not ever change . i would recommend .
this is a great matte top coat . it creates a flawless finish to make any nail polish into a matte look .
ecotools are some of the best drugstore level makeup brushes that i've found . they're soft and large enough to use comfortably .
slow shipper , but product is good . have been using it for years .. great styling tool . manages and controls my limp fine hair without looking greasy .
this doesn't work . anything removed is removed by elbow grease entirely , not this product . i use the nutrogena liquid eye makeup remover instead - it works
my hair is so in love with his leave in the shine i get from this product i never had before
i actually bought 3 of these because i have 5 girls and you can never have enough blow dryers , theses get used constantly and really hold up !
i am happy with the smell and the feel of my hair when i use this conditioner . it's light , but works well .
this heats up fast , leaves hair soft , and it an awesome straightener . it is great for the price . also more affordable than other brands !
two very nice products packed together . eyeliner is soft and very black it goes on great , one of these products is worth the cost alone .
i didn't receive too many duplicates and they are tiny and cute ! the set i got also came with two blades which i thought was very nice !
i found that this foundation covers fine lines and blemishes . i am over 40 and it helps me hide my fine lines and blemishes .
have purchased several sigma brushes ; very high quality and work wonderfully in applying liquid makeup . would never consider another brand .
suave products never let you down ! this conditioner smells fresh , feels rich and leaves my hair silky and easy to manage . well done , suave !
the glitter is uneven and full of snags and crooked edges . i was lured in by the ultra-low price , but ultimately it's not worth it .
perfect tools for dotting . these will take your manicures to the next level ! create perfect circle or dotted nail art desings
haven't used them , still using my old ones . they look fine and appear to be what i want . word word
these will look great and i'm going to be the envy of all the woman yes yes yes great i love them
it comes with some many different colors , you could do a lot of designs with it because of the thin brush . the colors are great .
it's my go to when my cuticles look rough ... makes that ugliness disappear , and it smells lovely . this bottle will last a long time .
love the colors , glide on effortlessly and the helpful tip card ... will buy more collections from too faced ! ! awesome buy , do not regret
this night cream makes my skin really soft and smooth , althought it stings . willing to deal with a little stinging for great results .
i love using this mascara , of course when it's not raining . lol it goes on nicely and emphasizes my eyelashes .
if you have the need for white eyeliner - its nice , wasnt what i thought but its ok if you like white eyes .
yego rapido y me encanto este paquete de esmaltes en cuanto yego los trate muy bonitos los colores okay lol
this eye serum worked without making my skin feel too " tight " . works all-over the face , really . i would definitely would but this again .
have only used it a couple of nights so fari have had good lick with the daytime regenerist serum , so thought i would try this .
i love this moisturizer it does a great job of lasting all day ! it's not to oily and i love the spf .
this mask worked great for a few months until it started to get loose and then it was time to replace it
guys , if you want girls to be all over you or if you want to surprise your girl with a new scent , get this cologne !
in the first day of use i got a really nice , dark tan . my skin feels soft and it glows . will buy again .
they fit well & since i only had black ones , they came in really handy . i also bought those from this company .
i ordered the rich plum it is very moisturizing and the color is very pretty i wish it lasted a bit longer but this is great for the price
love this nail file . so smooth and easy to use on your nails . will never use anything else . nothing compares to this one .
nice soft iridescent color . very pretty understated color . like it because it doesn't show the nail growth line as much as darker polishes .
these sponges are so hard , and they do not absorb water like the original beauty blender . definitely a cheap knock-off .
such a perfect little bottle to tuck in my purse or golf bag , this is a great way to take my favorite moisturizer wherever i go !
my husband loves chaz dean's product and he never heads for his shower to wash his hair , unless he has his summer mangoo coconut cleansing conditioner .
i use this product every 2-3 days . it is a great night-time moistouirizer for my hair before i wash it .
this is fine as a face lotion . it is very good for my acne prone skin . i don't care for this as a body lotion .
i use a number of olay products and can highly recommend this pro - age repair lotion . i use it daily and have been for several months .
i use this oil to make my moisturizer . guess that is works - idk . try it for yourself . i don't have any compliants
do you need a beautiful hair clip with out a high price ? want a lovely piece that will get lots of compliments ? this is your solution !
it's a great collection with a variety of colors , there are even two top coats which are versatile and go with almost anything .
great face wash . i use it daily . it does not dry out my skin and it is very gentle . highly recommend it .
i wish it wasnt such a greenish yellow . but overall its pretty good . it does take 3 coats to cover tho
good quality . works well , good quality and good price ! my husband and son are 6 ' 4 and it works well for them .
it is the most perfect light and powdery bronzer ! i love its color and the easy way it goes on !
i use vitamin e oil in almost all of my homemade beauty products . this is a thick oil so i never accidentally over measure . great stuff !
have only used one so far , but really like that it is clear serum and not milky like other brands .
have used this product for years . like the soft pencil . it doesn't scratch like the regular pencils do . thank you .
it is too bright for me but other then that it would have been perfect as far as its texture ..
i have used this on my blackhead prone skin and i already have saw great improvements with breakouts ! ! ! will continue to order this product ! ! !
i do not know how it works but it does work ! after showed with this for 2-3 times , the pimples on my back disappeared .
this was a gift for my girlfriend to her dad , he loves it , smells real good . gotta try one , i really recomended it .
i used this product as directed and had no real improvement in hair growth or quality . would not recommend buying such expensive vitamins
dead sea salt is good for the body . this soap smells really good , and does seem to give a massaged feeling to the body after it's use .
light weight and soft . can't say it does anything super special , but it's a good everyday facial lotion that doesn't make skin oily
can't use this product it doesn't match my skin tone or clients skin tone , feel and look cheap . not a good product
this was a nice purchase . scent is nice and product is just what we were expecting . i would recommend this to anyone that has fantasies about coconut .
opi nail lacquer , touring america collection colors are my favorite collection . i just love the different colors , i just opi period .
just recently started using roc products , finally something that actually works , i use this over roc max wrinkle resurfacing system
this color is a grey plum . it went on with two coats and lasted almost 3 weeks ! ! this would make a very nice fall color .
it's ok , the colors are too light and dont stand out . the light colors can be used as a base only .
it smells great ! it left my skin feeling really soft and smelling good . will buy again . great soap ! also cheap !
i received my order quickly and promptly . i will order againfrom this seller . the product i ordered is new . thank you ! ! !
this skin cream is the best & i have tryed what i thought was the best & priced cheaply
no perfume smell or irritant to scalp . hair feels clean and not weighted down from conditioning . very happy with this product and will continue to use .
my dermatologist recommended this and she uses it in her clinic . this is a gentle yet effective cleanser . and not too expensive .
purchased this for my daughter for christmas / birthday ; she wanted this a long time ago and could not find it anywhere !
this concealer works quite well ; i have been pleased with it . it hides blemishes , moles and what ever else you want to hide .
bought this for my daughter who has naturally curly hair . she was unimpressed . i have used only the hair serum which i actually like a lot .
too late to canc order since it was being processed - - very cheap price so haven't returned , etc - - probably works fine - -
this is an amazing lotion . its soooooo expensive in the salons and the deal here was great ! i'll be buying more .
comes on super easy , i really enjoy this eyeliner because it is smooth not like the pencil eyeliners and it always is ready to use !
this product creases and isn't super creamy like i thought it might be . it's drying and not very full coverage . i wouldn't repurchase it .
good selection of images , i thought the stamps were going to be a little bit bigger , but they are good stamps !
it searves it's purpose . change your style instantly and it looks good . it's a little tangely but good for the price .
this is a great starter / travel kit . you can't beat the price for all of the essentials ! love the clear case , too .
i don't have a problem with these.they were good for stamping but watch the edges.sharp but most are so don't hold that against them .
love that it comes with a holder . i find it much easier to scrape and then transfer image to applicator with this than when the scraper is separate .
it works . i believe strongly that the brand works better than the generic . have seen better results with the tried and true original .
i bought this item for my hair fly aways and my edges and it works well . best to use before you flat iron .
all in one kit great for travel . build multiple looks without having to lug all the seperate products around . i like shany's quality for blushes and eyeshadows .
there's much better quality out there esp . the cuticle trimmers which are pretty useless . the nailtrimmers and scissors are okay though .
i swear by this stuff . it smells amazing , is natural , and isn't greasy . i highly recommend this if you've never tried it before .
i think it takes a lot of practice to use this product . i haven't mastered it yet . however , it's a great price and fast shipping .
i have fine hair and this shampoo makes it feel and look thicker . it smells great too . i recommend it to people with fine hair .
i love it . it was worth buying . i am able to develop a flawless look using different brushes . especially , smokey eyes .
if i do at so very nice peace . it is a bit larger than i had expected , but still really nice . good quality also .
great product . more like a gel rather than watery like other brands . i noticed a definite improvement in skin tecture within a week .
nice color liked that i could use either or , or together . didnt know that it comes out fast so use cautiously
this tub of bobby pins is a great value for someone , like me , who enjoys putting up her hair . there are 300 in the tub .
beautiful lilac color with slight silver undertones . a little bit lighter than the picture shows , but one of my favorite ibd colors .
this brush is a must for applying liquid foundation . you get an airbrushed look ! item was shipped quickly . good quality brush for the price !
pretty this is so hard not to use but i got to show this stuff off . these are the cutest , most sparklest showit all gems .
i would of liked something better . i didnt get the results i read up on this item.there are cheaper creams that work the same . sorry .
i'm not impressed with the spray . the scent isn't that great either . i make a homemade spray that works better .
well its ok but its really opaque so you have to apply like 3 coats if you want just this color .
i brought this as a gift for my sister-in-law and she loved it , awesome collection and i am also planning to buy one more for myself .
i ordered this and was so excited about getting it . when i opened the box it was exactly what i wanted
keeps eye shadow on well for the entire day , but it is not as sheer as i would like it . otherwise good product .
this oil is fragrance free which is what i love most about it . i have sensitive and dry skin and this product is amazing .
lol .. these glitters are smaller than they look . but i like it . haven't used them yet ... but i'm sure they will be good .
this wig didn't look good on me it was too big and heavy it just wasnt cute didnt work out
not sure what volume this uses , but it's the best bleach you can get at the drugstore without having to research how to do it yourself professionally .
a bit larger than i thought but beautiful nonetheless . i bought it for my mom and she loves it ! it's not lightweight or cheaply made either . :)
. don't see much difference from when i use it . argon oil works better on my ezcema . i probably won't buy it again .
they are ok , not the best . but not the worst either . i'm not going to buy them again sorry . kinda cheap .
its the same thing as getting a cleanser in a drugstore . only cheaper . this bottle is expensive and just like any other cleanser .
it works ! i have every in my family hello kitty out since day one of receiving it . shipped very quickly and nicely . will purchase more soon .
i really like black and these colours and they are gonna fit my complexion so nicely these are a good buy
i like it , it does the job , it's all good and snips my tips like it should without much effort
i went my whole life and didn't know i needed a blending brush . but i did and you do too . highly recommend .
i love the color that i ordered , easy to put on my boyfriend like my nails and i am going to order some more colors as well ...
very nice . i like the smell and the way it makes my skin feel . will definitely recommend and probably repurchase .
i am happier with the shampoo than i am with the conditioner .. the conditioner is a litle weak in comparison to the hair mask
i love wearing the ed hardy . it got it going on.buy for a christmas gift , i'm going to order more for gifts
it does curl your your eyelashes , however , it is not the best . i order it because is pink & i liked the box .
easy to use for beginners or pros . no messy clean up and the brush is very convenient to . luv it !
i bought these for my daughter and she uses these all the time . these are soft and absorb well and nice colors .
i hate the smell of this fragrance ! it would be perfect for a man - it's so masculine in scent - not a good blend for women ! !
wonderful color ! ! it is a little bit difficult to take product on brush , however color pay off is great ! i do recommend !
wishful thinking ! i really had hoped this would help but i honestly feel it did nothing for me . maybe for others but not for me .
i ordered several nail polish shades at one time and this is my favorite . the color goes well with lots of things . good color to have .
i use this product every night on my face after washing it and i have seen some wonderful results and will order it again soon .
hellothese are such great colorsthey have the summer shiny colors , the fall colorslike every shade in it180 different colors ! makes it so hard to chose !
i bought this and love the results so much have reordered the cleaner twice . highly recommend to anyone . really helps clean deep pores .
you will need a cluster of them to pull back any substantial amt of hair , but they do work and i will use them .
i love this soap . it smells great and doesn't over dry it . my kids even love the smell of it .
i didn't use it consistently but i feel a regular cleanser works way better than this pricy cleanser . waste of money ! ! !
what an excellent hair clipper , works beautifully and can do it in the house as hair is collected not thrown to the floor . we love it !
i used to buy mac but then discovered sigma and have no plans to ever waste my $ $ on mac brushes again . amazing quality and great prices .
love it as always all of plumbers is a love product for me so i can't ever say anything bad about them
these cotton balls are very large , soft and absorbent at a very good price . i will buy them again and highly recommend them .
i actually ordered two , one in black and one in pink . i've toted these all across the globe and have yet to find a leak . :)
this smells great but it is not the original ... my momv got it and she immediately could tell that this was not fhe reall one
you need to know how to use this product .. but it is great for the skin . makes your skin beautiful and smooth
like they say , you get what you pay for . broke after one use , but looked pretty while it lasted for 3 hours :( cheap quality .
this stuff is absolutely amazing . my skin hasn't seen this kind of glow . it works fast and i noticed results within two weeks . great product
awesome set of crackle they work like i wanted to make may nails they me want to change them every day
goes on easily with a sponge , covers nicely , feels weightless , and this foundation is extremely low on the toxic side - according to skindeep cosmetic database
my eyelashes are just perfect ! it really gives that cat eye effect , and makes the make up much better now !
case broke after a week of gentle use , and the entire set goes from " neat " to " cumbersome " once it falls apart .
i actually had people asking me what i did to my skin . even my mom was surprised and i gave her a cup of it .
the burt's bees lemon & vitamin e bath & body oil is a great product . it feels great and smells even better . buy it .
we have tried other models and makes but this by far exceeded our expectations . we love it and will surely recommend to all our friends .
fit my olay spin brush and is not generic . bristles protected by packaging in their original box , so no bent bristles .
should have returned this . you need to have extremely thin hair for this to even remotely work . in addition , the hair looks very synthetic .
it turns nail polish matte . however , glossy nail polish not as matte as non glossy ones . i would buy it and recommend it . love it .
pretty shade , like a neon pink . has a satin finish , not really matte . love these as i have them in 3 other shades .
this is a super fun summer color , goes on smooth and wears well . i will keep this one in stock ... a definite reorder
smell is completely chemical . as other reviews state , it seems that product has changed , but continue being sold using positive reviews from the previous version . shame
just recieved it in the mail i love but already thanks . since i'm not a pro at applying makeup i can use these to help me .
interesting but the too good to be true reviews look fake . interested in the " free " sample but definitely , not giving them my cc # .
received and grand kids said they were easy to use loved the different designs of heart butter fly and apple etc
this is a great eyeshadow for when you want a pretty smokey eye look . great color and lots of fun and pigment
this is my first primer . my skin doesn't feel oily after applying this primer . it evens my skin tone very well . so far so good !
the clips are not too great but wonderful thing to have if you do any coloring of any type . would recommend .
another great axe product . works great after a shave and actually does make your skin feel cool and smooth . a great scent that is not overpowering .
i love this product for my fine , frizzy and wavy hair . it's lightweight . i like it better than argan oil .
i have used this moisturizer after applying a chemical peel and it provides wonderful moisture that is long lasting and it smells incredible .
this is so great on skin over 50 without the product feeling over greasy or heavy on the skin . i plan on buying this again ! !
they fall apart easily but at least i have them for my wigs . but they weren't really worth my money ...
very light cologne clean and masculine perfect for warm weather months . the bottle is very cool also . this price was way cheaper than at macys
these gem add a lot your nail designs and i love the variety of sizes you get . they arrived early and all stayed in their case .
it makes my lips feel softer and fuller . i don't think it makes them look any fuller . it helps soften the lines around my mouth .
great product ! i bought this for my husband because he ran out of the ur by usher which also smells great he loves it and i do too .
i love this perfume . it is a light scent but powerful enough to smell . i found it on here way cheaper than any store !
i prefer cheaper shampoos and this one does the trick . it lathers well and smells good . my hair was clean and manageable after using .
i love these colors bright warm colors , very pigmented and stays on for a long time . i recommended this too everyone !
these plates are excellent ! 215 images ( yes i counted them lol ) and they are well etched . i love these and recommend them highly ! !
i gues it works taking off makeup and mascara but it dried my skin out real bad and i have oily skin but my skin was just too dry
i love to paint my nails so when i saw this product i had to buy . it's great quality and you won't be disappointed .
ordered this to go with the started kit b i purchased , i got it for mainly the stamper part of this application .
this wig was extremely itchy and it didnt look anything like the picture but it did come with a comb and a wig cap which i thought was really neat
i have been using this for over 4 weeks and can't say that i see a difference . most likely will try another product when this is gone .
this is a very light pink , i use it for the french manicure and alone for an almost bare look .
i simply chose the wrong color for me . otherwise i would probably like it as i love the maybelline mineral powders .
i love this product it arrived early which is perfect cause i need new brushes and it came well packed and good product for the price . will repurchase
i got this about a week or go in the mail and used it for the first time last night . i love it ! !
refreshing and cool on your face . a must for people that love makeup like i do . you wont regret the purchasr
this brush is perfect for outlining the lips , and then filling them in with color . great tool better than other lip brushes i have tried , perfect !
works but you need to apply it way too often . i wish it would last longer , this winter has been horrible on our lips .
love this set . it is practically the first place i go in my storage drawer when trying to find inspiration for my next mani .
this is a expensive moisturizer who just didn't cut it to me . there are way better ones out there cheaper than this one . a disappointment from roc .
definately works and is the right price .. these do the job are are super sticky . i would order them again for sure
this is a good product , but it is just nail polish remover . this is good for the cheap price , though .
the main reson why i ordered it was because of the black ... like on the picture ... and black is not even in it
i am in love . t looks great on my brown skin . i got many compliments when i wore it . i will definitely buy again to keep
i received this product within a couple of days . it was packaged nicely and fits perfect & works great on my clarisonic . very pleased !
fantastic , sharp tip - doesnt leak or dry out creates a lovely look , sleek , nice and no regrets girls .
this works pretty well , but i haven't used it very much at all because i don't have very long hair .
who doesn't like a romantic look on your nails ! very whimsical and good for all ages ! works very well ! i am happy !
only been a week , but i like it so far . nice and natural ingredients . smells like rosemary which is quite refreshing .
great price and product , lip colors are nice and was packaged so nicely , i want to reuse the box they came in ! i definitely recommend
love the cocoa beans :) they feel so smooth to the skin and it really works ! will buy again ! also , it moisturizes the skin properly .
i've been using it once a day for a week and like it so far.it ' s a bit too creamy ... i would get it again .
this does not compare to pantene's clarifying shampoo . even pantene's revamp of their clarifying shampoo leaves your hair greasy and sticky along the hairline
i love it , it makes my hair so soft and smells really great . my thick and lush african hair can't live without it .
it makes my hair feel like pillow soft after every use and it smells pretty good . there will never be another deep conditioner for me !
improvement of skin . love the way the rotating brush . works well with cleansers . i can tell a big difference ! ! ! completely worth the money .
i would recommend for minimal use - it isn't as good as the manufacturer says - so don't expect to much
cute rhinestone but some had small pieces of plastic which were not file down , but for the price it was a good product
i always purchase this . it's great because i live in a sunny climate and have sensitive skin . this cream make my skin feel soft and hydrated .
i actually use this with an olay cleanser . i save money on skincare overall , by doing that and it works great without the sting .
love these shades ... did both my eyes and my roommates eyes yesterday , got numerous compliments . best if you do thick black eyeliner for a dramatic look .
took it out of the package and the brush instantly fell off the handle . superglued it back together , but still ...
i did ' t have a reaction to this cream which is unusual . my skin felt smooth and protected . not a bad price , either .
this isn't the real flatiron .. if you want a good one i would go with the hsi ones .. this one isn't real ! returned !
i love all the konad products . i would recommend plate m25 to anyone who likes doing nail art and stamping .
i love the way this serum smells , it's light on your hair and i would recommend it to anyone . thank you .
i love these . a great selection of shapes and colors.has just about everything you want and the perfect size and amount
i have found this product to be fantastic . it healed my dry cracked elbow area . i highly recommend this product .
i used this in between using the neutrogena serum . was a little disappointed . didn't see any real change so i am going back to neutrogena .
it does dry out your skin but it does work and i ` ve seen a clearing in my daughters face works great
they work well for what they are made for . the artificial nails go on good with these . really good brushes
nice but its very hot and i could not hold it i burned my hand and my sister many time
cool and comfy ... this product is light and makes your skin feel wonderful.have been using this product for a while.really love it
so far so good . you have to be careful that you thoroughly clean the more intricate designs thoroughly as it will affect your stamping .
i am embarrassed to go out in public that is how strong the smell is yuck ! like a strong yankee candle in your hair
i got in on time . it works well and i haven't hard any problems wit it . no regrets its worth the price .
purchased as a gift for my mother . soft bristles that work great without shedding . love the little carrying case too !
not a lot to say . have to wait months to see if it actually works but it feels good . sounds weird but it does .
this is the best moisturizer i have ever used ! it smells lovely . i will certainly be purchasing it again soon .
this mascara provides no volume at all , and looks terrible on me . it separated my lashes so much that it looks like i hardly have any .
this dryer doesn't dry so fast as my old conair dryer did and it isn't quiet either . it makes this high pitch tone which irritate my ears .
one of my favorite beauty products by far ! i use this for my face and body . it has a great clean scent .
pretty color , shimmery lilac . nice coverage . would be reety with a sparkle topcoat , but nice on it's own as well .
i love almost all the avalon organics products but this smell is wonderful . it reminds me of daffodils ... will purchase again .
it does the job , so i have no complaints . i will buy it again , when the current one wears out .
my only complaint is you dont recieve all the colors you see in the pic ... the foils are all beautiful but not as advertised .
i like gelish but this is very glittery and thick . and it's more of a burnt orange / rust color . not my favorite .
love these had a pair for years and wanted another ... obviously they last and work for me ... happy happy : )
this hand soap works great , and is nice and foamy so your hands just feel clean . no tryclosan so its not harmful to you or the environment !
nice mix of shapes ... i especially love the little bow crystals ! very small so they look nice on your nails , not overpowering or too gaudy .
this is it is for acne i think , cuz when i use it it is work , and sometime i think it is work for me
works ! it does the trick when it comes to dry hair shampoo . it absorbs the oil in the hair to keep your hair looking clean .
unbelievable beautiful fair clip for such a price though you have to have thick hair , because item is little heavy .
i've used this product before . this time the packaging looks way different . hopefully the formula is the same . guess i'll know before long .
i didn't notice any brightening , i do use it daily in the shower , it is okay as regular soap but its not great ..
great product ! this is something i always like and use . i really do get results . yes i really do get results .
i love this set . it has everything you need in one place . i especially love the shimmery shadows . they are so pretty !
i love the light weight of this foundation , yet it covers very well . i will buy more when this bottle is used up .
i don't love this ... it doesn't stay on the water line that long like other reviewers claim . i wouldn't purchase this again .
dhs clear shampoo is working for gentle cleaning of my hair and scalp . i use it in conjunction with the dhs conditioning rinse .
i like this better than the yes to tomatoes one , mostly because the fragrance is less strong . these are decent hair products for the price .
this is great for massaging your face but really doesn't do much for removing blackheads . the tiny bristles do a good job lathering my face wash .
i think different things work for different people . this didnt work for me . i have found vitamin a supplements to work really well in lash growth .
the loop doesn't really help with small blemishes . i think you may be better off with the circular loops in stead .
there are so many colors basically every color in the rainbow , and such a great price i love it i recommend it
but think i will like it . fourteen more words required . ten more words required . six more words required . two more
this brush is my foundation workhorse ... and the only real techniques brush i own . nice quality . doesn't shed . would recommend for anybody .
i don't know if it was that nails i used to start with but they didn't seem to stick right away .
i love this product it is not super expensive but makes my hair look great and expensive . a great buy
haven't used it for long . so far so good . like that it has hyalauronic acid . same ingredient that is in dermal fillers .
i was hoping for a lotion with results , but the only result i got was flaming red skin that was hot and itchy . i would not recommend .
great idea however , i need to remove the pink portion of the soaker for my thumb otherwise it cuts off the circulation .
this is great it came weeks before it said it would it really strengthens your nails and they smell great definatley recommend buying these
its little tacky i have very fine hair and this was too much for mine but if you have thicker hair it would probably work fine
this stuff is absolutely terrible on the eyes . sensitive eyes ? stay clear of this stuff ! very drying to the skin also !
its cotton candy sugary syrupy sweet ... lots of fruit and smells like sugar u will really enjoy it , buy it
i buy this ll the time . never go without it during the summer months . keeps makeup looking fresh longer , excluding lipstick .
i have a total of three products from this company and i absolutely love the combination of them all . it is helps with my breakouts
i am not going to explain why i know this works so well , but it does work . and well . let's just leave it at that .
i'm glad i bought this nail remover saw it on youtube and had to buy it works great fantastic plan to buy more !
very gentle and very effective product . as a matter of fact , i love this brand ! i would say , it's a best product i ever tried !
handy and fits amazingly in my tiny clutch's , doesn't leak or anything and m so happy i got it
i like this because it looks very natural . i have fine lashes and this helps . i also really like revlon 3d photoready mascara .
great leave in conditioner and the hair smells great the entire week ! once sprayed on hair , a simple blow dry , flat iron and go !
hlston is always my preffered choice for deodorant stick and colognes . reminds me of smooky woody cedar smell . love it .
i love this hair dryer . the diffuser works great for my curly hair ! look no further the best hair dryer is here !
very cute hair clip . i like it very much and will surely order more in the future . its light and pretty .
i am about to order more . has a really nice color . better then everything else ive tried . make sure you wash your hands after ! ! !
ordered this jan 8th and its now feb 9th and i still havent recevied it yet . so i cant say tha im happy with this product yet .
i was pleasantly surprised at how well this cream moisturizes , you won't find anything close for the money ... i will be buying again !
i have used many different silkeners / heat protector serums . this one by far has surpassed all of the previous ones . will be purchasing more soon .
came exactly as shown . the bobby pins are a good size and a good price . i will be ordering again .
i love the color so i will be buy moe of this brand smooth on rich color nice and silk and smooth on lips
i'm not usually good with liquid eyeliners but even i am able to use this one . it goes on smooth and looks great .
i wear this when my nails are shorter , it is nice to have a touch of color but not draw too much attention to my shorter nails .
better than i thought this would be i love it and i will repurchase when i run out and i would definitely recommend this product to family and friends .
i've been using it for a month and i really see no difference . i wouldn't buy it again .
there is barely any coverage at all but it still gives some sort of finishing touch . id recommend it maybe .
i use this when i use any hot tool . it protects my hair and leaves it feeling smooth and silky . and the shine is awesome .
2-3 coats , not bad formula , goes on nicely , beautiful , i love it .
enjoy sulfate free luxury shampoo , 10.1 ounce customers found your reviews helpful 3 timesreview your purchasesecco men's turn apron oxford , cocoa
i would buy this product again , it leaves your hair soft and silky to the touch.and the price is ok and the shipping was fast .
i actually like these better than okay brand . seems to do a better job of removing mascara and make up . recommended .
love them . own two plan on getting all . blends into shadow perfectly . i use them all the time . cute packaging also .
just as described , works perfectly and actually does enhance mascara application-no more smudges on my eyelids . big win in my book .
it was not really what i was expecting . my friends thought it was kind of itchy but i did not think it was bad
this product is a deal its the real thing the bigg botttle an very cheap compare to stores ! thanks love it
this primer is the best one i've used by far . it keeps my eyeshadow on all day and night no smudging or clumps ! totally recommend
one of the best colognes out there . will buy this until they stop making it . we buy testers to save $
this product reminds me of pantene . when i used it , it was gunky , almost like glue . yuk . don't waste your money .
i have been using this product for a very long time and it is great . i highly recommend morracan products .
perfect ! i love this product and i use it daily at the salon . it was a few dollars cheaper and every penny counts .
just what i expected from maybelline ! nice color and length of lashes , and it's waterproof . works just as well as some more expensive brands .
not to conditioning but it does get rid of the smell of the chlorine and took out the salt from the ocean .
just right for travel and making quick curls in my daughters ' bangs or adding a few ringlets to my own . conair never disappoints !
these are the best for having your hair up and driving . the flat style is comfy . they hold well too
i used them one time and im not sure how to get the dried nail polish off . it doesn't really make clean lines
we gave these as gifts and everyone that received this screamed after they put it on . talk about happy campers . this stuff is great ! ! !
might as well buy something at the drug store ... no difference in skin at all although price wasn't badwouldn't order again
i used this product today for a leave in conditioner and i was satisfied very ! i will be using it many times very conditioning !
worked well for our out in the sun day . pleasant fragrance , non-greasy , did not attract insects , and afterwards , washed off cleanly .
my hairdresser always uses this on my hair and i decided to get my own . smells great and somewhat leaves your hair shiny .
just what i wanted to help me in my nail design . great case and easily cleaned also . good variety of brushes too
my daughter wanted me to buy this color for christmas and she loves this shade . so far it's her favorite color . highly recommend .
works wonderful at clearing facial blemishes ! i use it handmade natural soap as well as facial masks . i just love it !
did not like them at all . they look really fake and cheap to be honest but they are cheap so i guess i got what i paid for .
smells great , but expensive ! ! ! makes my tummy feel so moisturized ! does not last very long either though which stinks since it smells so good !
smell so good and leave hair feeling like silk . my hair looks better with each wash . i'm happy that i purchase the tigi s-factor's products .
i love the deep pore cleansing brush . it feels a lot different than the sensitive brush head , like i've been given a facial . awesome !
really like these brushes . purchased after hearing so much about them . they work like a charm and are at an amazing price .
this is the original and it makes your skin soft and smells wonderful i love this and will always luse this .
love all there product it last a long time and you dont have to use a lot bath & body is one of the best
this brush is awesome . i have not experienced a lot of hair lost and it feels really good on my scalp .
great quality product . i use this to apply my relaxer to my hair roots . it does what it's supposed to do .
i thought these might be colors that would work for her but if she didn't like them , they are the mini bottles , so they won't last long .
great spakle for the nails and easy to put on i like to have some spakle and it reflects the sun .
this cream makes my skin feel so soft and smooth . it does exactly what it claims it will . great product .
i bought this sometime ago , the one star says i hate it . i don't , it just did not work out for me .
this smells amazing almost like irish springs but more . i love when my man wears this i just want to jump on him right then and there .
i love these claw clips ! they grip your hair , and are big enough to accommodate those of us with long hair .
it came early , kids love getting jeweled fingers and toes for winter ... and doing my sis for wedding day on her wedding party toes
this base works well . you have to put on a thin layer and the small brush applicator helps you apply it thinly .
gives a nice deep tan when used in my tanning bed . love that there is no after smell . helps to moisturize the body .
these glitters are super awesome and so easy to use , i love them and would recommend anyone to get them
a for communication effort , unfortunately that is all i can say about this . the colors look bright in the photos .
good price for a good mirror and a very good quality i saw many in stores worse and more expensive
super cute colors ! i know i am getting the full size of at least 2 of the minis that i got ! happy i tried it !
these lip stick wands are great . they are the perfect size . they feel so soft on the lips . smooth application . great price
it is ok i guess . i used it only once as i just got it . i will give it another try but so far i was impressed .
very pretty color . i love any color opi puts out . it's a very nice tan color . i would recommend . :)
its the first of its kind i am using its very nice quality , it does have real matte finish but it doesnt dries quickly
my daughter was introduced to the product when she decided to go natural . she now uses the product daily and has only great reviews for it .
the head of some of the brushes came off on first use . i only use a few of them , so not a big problem .
this is a good product . smells great . looks like it has some oils inside , which helps make the skin dewy and radiant .
giselle is beautiful i totally love her she looks just like the picture.texture is soft curls are really nice i would buy this wig again
i love it / its beautiful ... my hair looks so glamorous and it's identical to my own hair ! i use it all the time
i'm better off using my cheapie wetnwild or even maybelline is better than this . yuck ! these colors look like chalk !
it works just as well as wen for 1/3 the price . i like the herby smell and tingle ! highly recommend !
premium quality cotton swabs . dispenser not particularly handy.the cotton ends hold up . substitutes are cheaper in price and quality .
i like this product however , i notice it makes my hair get a lot of static . not sure why but its nice for shine .
i like these and i think they are really cute . they are not made of some cheap material these can be used professionally .
i love this product . i have thin hair and this powder provides great volume . i highly recommend this product . the shipping was super fast .
i like this it really does help with some straightening issues i had from having a broken nose . this is a great item .
i've been using this for at least twenty years and it's still wonderful . the price is also great . try it . you'll really like it .
i didn't think it was going to look so cheap according to the pictures . don't waste your money on this one .
this has fake tan smell all over it ! ! i used it a couple times and you could smell a burning smell afterwards ... yuk !
i was very satisfied with this hair dryer . i wasn't restricted to only one or two heat settings and i appreciated the ceramic aspect to it .
the color stayed on my hair for ~ 1mnth , i wash my hair everyday so i am not surprised .
easy to apply , nice bold lines . takes some effort to remove , even with makeup wipes . price was right for the amount of liner you get .
i have used this product for over 10 years i would not be without it the cost is also great love this always use it everyday
really , i don't have this . i am going to research this . god , i hope it wasn't that ambien night . oh boy !
this is just alright .. honestly there are better products out there .. does not seem to have much effect in skin appearance . would not buy again .
great price and came in good time . i love using all natural products and this one makes my skin so soft and smells so good ...
if you're looking for a deep red , this might be what you want.its a little burgundy . i like it for the elegant red nails look .
this product is magic , it makes the face look shiny and healthy and photographs beautifully so it's perfect , thank you
it smells kind of like chocolate , but smell dissipates quickly . glides on easily , but doesn't stay greasy . i love it !
this is an excellent conditioner for the price . i have to rotate between like 5 of them . it gets expensive
great price ! i had some trouble getting the naipolish to " lift " , but that may have just been because the nailpolish i used .
ok rhinestones if your just starting out with nail art . are great for practicing . they do dull when you apply a top coat .
great as lip moisturizer and sun block.does not deteriorate over time as chapstick sometimesdoes . not cheap but all the neutragena products arequality products .
this has left my skin feeling very soft the smell is very orangey if that's a smell but not over powering very nice .
i use it every night . will buy more . seems to smooth my skin and keep it looking young . i use it with the anti = age cream
good value and it works as it should . what else can i say ? it's a sharpener . it sharpens and amazon wants a tome .
i didnt know about this product .. im in school and to make my nails look even beautiful .. love itthanks so much
did not like this product at all . made my teenage daughter face break out really bad . this product i do not recommend for ebony skin . :(
it was a good shampoo , good smell but im not sure if its organic ... i would prefer dr . bronner's magic soaps
does the job ! can't use with a very hot blow dryer the bristles will melt . but it does good with low heat styling tools .
purchased to use in my natural hair read about its medicinal qualities . have not used yet so verdict is still out
used it twice and gave it away . thick and heavy . didn't like the way it felt on my skin . sorry
this product has a very fruity scent which is great for the spring . i love it . i will be switching to this product this coming spring .
found 2 for . 50 at wags , works ok , powder is very hard . i would not pay more than it is worth .
this conditioner really does cause your hair to look thicker . since it makes my hair look fuller i do not have to shampoo as often !
i've been using this stuff as a moisturizer for months and i love it . now i can save some money and get it delivered to my door .
i am so glad i purchased this product . i love the fragrance and the way it makes your skin feels when using it
such tiny amounts , good for little wet work that's all , maybe a few small flowers . i will reuse the jars .
these extensions are super awesome and so easy to use , i love them and would recommend anyone to get them
this seems to be the best toner for my combo skin . it does not dry it out but still helps with breakouts .
i really really love this perfum , its so strong that everyone knows when you enter to a room , it is so good .
i love this base coat , it serves its purpose and my mani usually lasts around 4 days with no chips .
perfect for cleaning my new brushes ! ! the microfiber cloth on the inside makes it so simple . it's what you should have to clean your wonderful brushes !
the color is actually a faded shade of the picture and it chips ... kinda disappointed . but for the price its okay .
i didn't used to have the patience to do my nails because i smooshed them right away ... no longer ! this top coat is magical .
this is not a heavy spray , it keeps the hair in place , very happy with it.will buy this hair spray again .
it's ok but to tell you the truth i'm always suspect when i see a product with foreign , in this case korean writing i'm assuming .
this product did not last very long . the color is much lighter on the skin than expected . i will not buy again .
the things about these , it's low on glitter . there is barely enough mixed with clear acrylic for a full set.not worth the money .
i got this as a secondary pump for my nail polish remover and it works great . it was a great buy and fast shipping . thanks
great coverage on your face , i just wish there was some sort of scent to it , otherwise wonderful product . thanks
great product and worth the money . it really helps dry skin . we bought this product for my 92 year old mother . all medline creams are good .
the color is wonderful , no chipping , easy to apply and this color works with all skin tones . another hit from opi .
i purchased these for my step-daughter to help her speed up the process of preparing her nails . she loves them and helps to quicken the process .
this concealer blends right in nicely and is a good match for my skin tone . it is time to reorder for me--thanks for the subtle reminder !
this glue is a reflection of the price . its not worth it . it doesn't hold or adhere to anything . a little disappointed
i have used it for years ; it is made of natural products that are fragrance free and ideal for my sensitive eyes .
this product was exactly as shown in the picture and came packaged nicely . the color is beautiful and still had the sticker .
these lashes look beautiful and aren't too thick . they really are a natural look . i'd recommend these to a friend .
this smells like gardenias . i have gotten several compliments on how nice i smell . it is light and not offensive . highly recommend .
a good mascara , but get very thick coating , collapse , not curling . after all the names one by one . overall , good .
i like this eye lifting serum very much . ; stands true to claims . does make my skin under my eyes moisturized and reduces looks of wrinkles .
absolutely necessary for gelish nails or gel type nails . i love this and will order more when i run out ! !
this stuff works ... i purchased both the small and large sized bottles so i can always have a supply as i use this product every day .
great product for softening my hair and it smells terrific . i even use it on my skin from time to time .
not much to say except this is very important to bond the polish to your nails makes it last twice as long
i've used mk products for almost 10 years , and won't use anything else . i've tried other brands , but keep coming back to mk .
i tried this just because of who it's by . i actually like it . i'll wear this as an everyday fragrance .
this is great ! works on chapped lips , diaper rash , dry skin from your head to your toes . makes your skin supper soft .
would not recommend . the package was open and leaking upon delivery and the product stings my eyes after just one use . threw it out .
gorgeous curls ! ! ! these curls are effortless and bouncy . i'm in love ! ! ! i feel like a diva after i finish . highly recommended
small bottle of acetone which works as described . bought a much larger bottle next time , as this won't go very far .
love this color . i bought for my daughter but i will be using this for myself as well . very nice .
a little tricky to use if you're a beginner but once you get the hang of it , it works so good . my eyebrows look fantastic
my grandson loves this . he spikes his hair all of the time and this looks so natural on him , not wet or hard . very nice product :)
this are awesome ! ! ! what more can i say have not use them since their christmas gifts . will order more for sure
this absorbs quickly and makes my skin smooth and soft . i'm not sure if it is doing anything for lines and wrinkles , but i love the ingredients !
it's okay . it goes on kind of white and shows through to your foundation . it's worth splurging on a more expensive one .
love the colors ! especially great for art ! i would've given 5stars but one bottle was almost gone when i gottit :( arrived within promised time .
love this dispenser - so great for the bathroom - guests love it - refills are the same price as normal hand soap refills
this reasonably priced cleanser does a thorough job without irritating my sensitive skin . it also brightens my complexion . highly recommend .
my daughter has had so much fun with this product . it is easy to use and works great ... we love it !
pay attention to the size , because for this price you an buy a bigger size . i love the product and have noticed the difference .
shipped quickly - colors are beautiful.will deff order from again.packaging was exceptionaleven in the heat they did not melt which wasa worry i had.super super happy with order .
true to it's description - this suntan totion is delightfully rich and hydrating and has the trademark hawaiian tropic lotion's scent at it's best .
i bought it , because i see this on a makeup tutorial.is similar to stores . i like it . but price wise ... is the same as in drugstore
love thes gold eye mask's ! you can definetly feel and see the difference after using these for a week .
i love this lip shimmer , it goes on smoothly and looks great . it also makes your lips feel great ! ! best lip shimmer i've gotten yet !
the wet comb was cool when i saw it , i use it for the first time and it is really nice on your hair , great product
what a great deal this set was , and i love these dead sea products . they are fantastic . thanks for the great service too .
i put this in my lotions in the winter to help with the dry skin . i even use it on my children .
good concealer , it hides every imperfection . nice texture , creamy , doesent gather , the dolours are like in the picture . i recomand
this is a very nice scent that lasts a long time and i'm always asked what i'm wearing . i like it also because it is very reasonably priced .
very great vitamin c it really is a alll purpose product .. i lov the way it leaves my skin feelin great and smooth
this is very convenient to use especially is no one else is around to help you get all the exposed skin covered . smells good and does the job .
this does what it says for sure . definitely cuts my routine time in half and gives an awesome finished look .
this is one of my favorites from dc . i also like forever black . both smell great and work well . definitely recommend .
smells nice very light doesn't make my hair oily and my hair look much healthier before putting heat on it
much better than the pricier eye cream i was using before and much less expensive ! works day and night and is not greasy ! love it !
these brushes are amazing ... so soft and easy to use ... applies makeup beautifully awesome awesome awesome ... that's what i think of these brushes
works well and i transport it around all the time . can put two hands in there . i use with the gelish nail system .
have used for some time now . i like it . it does what is says , but is still pretty expensive . i don't like that about it .
definitely cheap looking , like it came from the dollar store in a nail kit . not worth the $ 5 i paid for it .
this brush works perfectly with the bare essentuals concealer . it gets enough product on the brush to get the job done .
the bristles on this are great - not too hard or too soft . it feels really good to use and it looks nice too .
i love this brush . this is my second purchase and i just recently bought the black one . very well-made , very dense and really serves it's purpose .
this is hands down my favorite moisturizer . it's worth every cent . it feels great , lasts all day , and no more dry skin .
too light for me makes it look almost fake . i like the company not the lipsticks color . if you like pale pink ould recommend
this polish looks great on so many different colors . very versatile and fun ! i would recommend this one for your nail polish collection .
i think this lipstick is good and has great pigments . the color is great and very pretty too . i recommend this to anyone .
well this is my first china glaze polish and i'm not a fan of the brush , i prefer wider brushes .
this product is prefect to put in your purse when you are on the go it has everything you need , very handy !
this mask always helps my skin clear up fast whenever i have a breakout . one of my favorite masks of all time .
i love the possible art that can be created with this foil . several old and new thoughts , it wears extremely well and files off easily .
works well , excellent price , and i carry it around in my purse . i'd purchase again . the highlighter is a little better than the concealer .
i bought this product for my sister , it said 100 % human hair but it was not true it is like plastic or something similar very dissapointed .
its so convinient to have this combo in one bottle , i dont have to worry about mixing a great smelling realaxing and purifying experience
not worth the money , and there is no real color to speak of . i would not recommend wasting your money .
two purchases of this cream and i haven't noticed a different . will be getting laser surgery on my veins .
love these wipes . easy to carry along when you are not at home . easy to use and effective in removing dirt and excess oils from the skin .
ive'd used it a few times and it has a very nice look to it . it's very easy and elegant .
they look and feel cheaper in hand then they do online . they are still cute but not what i had expected .
my daughter told me our hairdresser recommended this to her and i tried it and can't believe the difference . would gladly recommend to anyone .
i have bought this before . that tells you a lot . it works well . seems to be safe . i just have to adapt to the price .
i really did like this shampoo and conditioner combo . i never felt like my hair was stripped with this product .
i love the tresemme's stuff . it is probably the cheapest thing you can find on the market , but it always leave your hair soft and smooth !
great price on these orange sticks and they are of excellent quality . i have been very happy with them and will order again .
this hair clip is small . the deep red color is very nice but the rhinestones don't do anything for it .
great product , i have noticed some change in my legs / buttocks , will be continuing with this cream .
i love this set . the price is agreeable and the product is brand new . i use them often and love the results .
this helps to protect my hands from heat while using a blow dryer and the curling iron . great product . dont hesitate to buy .
the lashes were too rigid despite all my manipulation and trimming the remain unusable too thick and super fake looking . the applicator and clip were a joke .
this is really a must have when using straighteners . i was surprised how easily i got used to not getting burned :)
this straightener is the best i have had . it made my hair so straight , silk and shinny . i really recommend . it's awesome ... perfect ...
tried this and even dousing different materials i found that it required way too much scrubbing and pulling on the eye area . back to estee lauder i guess :(
didn't do a thing to get rid of the circles . disappointed . i will not be ordering again . waste of money .
excellent cologne ... lasts all day ... smells great ... i get lots of compliments on this one . i'm putting this one in my favorite colognes to wear .
love this product . it does wonders for my face ! gives me a glow i haven't seen in years ! i am 59 and really recommend this product !
so soft and dense , great foundation brush . it blends out foundation very nicely and it gives an air brush finish !
these brushes are great . they are a good quality and the carrying case is a great thing to have . the price was a bonus !
exactly what i was looking for to hold up my long thick hair in a bun for church ! works great !
the blue will pass for black , which is excellent . and the white goes on pretty nicely . overall , i really like this pencil .
i swear its awesome , and to my surprise it comes with a lil stick to clear corrossions ... thats great ! ! ! love
this is a bit over bearing . i don't use the spray nozzle , just a few drops . i haven't noticed anything different .
this product was ruined the the night i got it . the product fell apart and didn't even keep by hair up .
im in my way to have the second bottle , this toner is awesome for your face & neck each of you girls should have itabsolutely recommend it .
i really love these brush guards ! it makes it so much easier to wash my brushes ! i highly recommend to everyone ! ! !
i use this daily and it is helping to clear up my acne . i like that the ingredient list is short and mostly natural also .
this base coat dries quickly , seems to keep the polish " stuck " on where it belongs , and doesn't have a horrible odor like some do .
love these for eyelash dying . use a clean one for moisturizing eyelashes with olive oil . keeps everything clean and sanitary
it feels nice going on the skin , but i didn't notice any difference from this to my usual under eye concealer . it definitely didn't erase my dark circles
exactly what i expected . simple , efficient & what more is there to say about opi expert touch removal wraps 250ct
they work great but you should make them in silk it would be easier on the hair . but it does the job . for so cheap thanks
this eyeliner has gorgeous black pigments and goes on very easy and smooth , but it runs very easy , you need a lighter for all day wear .
i wear this when i am home or for a quick trip out . if i'm longer , i use it after another ' matte ' foundation .
very pigmented creamy foundation , would recommend to those with really fair skin . i use it under my eyes to cover dark circles . love it !
it is an ok choice - there isn't any burning with this product , but i would buy it again . probably
pretty good pretty good ! this is old school drying top coat . it's a success above the rest of the new age dry fasts .
colors are beautiful and last all day ! ! it's nice to have lots of fun options like this when doing makeup for friends or even myself
its not about all the hoopla it receives just ok , but not fantastic fast growing
... they are nice but they so have a tendency to crack and break easily . but i do like the colors athey are vibrant and beautiful .
i wish these strips stuck to your nail better . it started to lift about an hour after i applied it =/
this is a nude type of color and it looks and feels amazing while wearing it ! it's just a great product and i love the color selection !
i knew the product was great but the price was even better . just research the joico product line and this will appear .
doesn't really style my hair while damp . gave it away to someone who could use it . first one came damaged but amazon was quick to replace .
these combs are great for the price ! they provide a wide variety of styling options . overall , i would definitely recommend them !
i love this smell , and the bottle is very cute . i think it is a great buy . i recommend it !
i like this product because i'm an older woman with dry skin and it helps remove the old cells to allow new skin cells to grow .
wonderful product . leave my face soooo smooth and creates a perfect base for foundation . this seller is top notch customer service . i highly recommend .
this lip gloss is the perfect nude color . i wear it all the time ! love it ! i will def buy it again .
it is a little harder to do than what i thoughtbut it is a great idea . it has a good size for a bigger bun
it looks good in here but once receive it is very dark , the light colors are still dark . i love it now that i got use to it
i purchased this product based on reviews . not impressed . won ; t buy again . it made my lashes stick together and smears .
my five year old and i love spending out sunday afternoons designing her nails . we use these tools for little hearts and of course polka dots .
this oil has softened both my fine lines and skin . i also love that it comes in a glass bottle and a dropper to control how much oil .
at first , i was afraid to use it because of needle points too sharp . i tried on my face after use it make my face circulation much better
haven't used this product enough to know results . so far the cream feels good on ones face , use it at night
gorgeous color and attractive love these colors so much that the color much seems clear and distinct ... this beautiful shadowsthank you
come on and off with ease but stay securely on while sanding , great for shaping , loved them nothing bad to say will buy again and would recommend !
it seems okay , have ; nt used it long enough to give a real verdict . i need to use it for awhile .
after lightening my dark brown hair and using this vampire red my hair is wonderfully red . i am very pleased with manic panic .
smelled good but expensive for a leave in hair conditioner . i another conditioner that works just as well at wal-mart .
who doesn't want bling on their nails ! these are just the size and they are a perfect addition to my arsenal of nail art supplies .
this product really gets into the pimples a reduce them after some hrs . strongly recomended , it is very strong and mild at the same time
ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly . just not as pictured at all so don't buy it . ok .
good face lotion . good price . as far as fade cream goes , i didn't notice a difference . i went through two bottles of it .
this color is a great spring color .. a lot of the clients at my school choose this color ! it goes on nice and smooth !
best stuff ever . creates a smooth and shiny blowout with great movement . highly recommend . try oribe's gentle shampoo , too ! amazing stuff .
this shampoo has made a good difference . i recommended for those with dry scalp . works fast as little as two applications .
wow this jet black professional rolling make up case really does look pro ! i think its at a great price
i only gave it a 4 bc it's a little pricey but it does last awhile and i have long hair .
this primer makes my eyeshadow and eyeliner pop . it allows for it to go on easily and lasts throughout the entire day / night .
my kid orders this and rally enjoys using it for styling . repeat user and tells me it works really great .
good for the club . got so many complements on my night out . especially from the ladies . use this but be careful from the ladies onslaught .
garbage . it does not get very hot & should be taken off the market . don't waste your time or money .
i've been buying this product for the last 2 years for my dehydrated skin , and i can say that it's ok nothing special .
i think the colors for foundation and concealers as nice warm colors for your skin tone . great price and very compact .
for people who know how use it for there nail it was not for me to use for someone else
please don't buy this . i threw it the second it came in the mail . don't waste your money . save it for better quality glitter eyeshadow .
i love this soap . i dries helps clear your skin and has a fresh scent . you skin feels tingly when you are done using .
bought this for my mom and has made all the difference in the world for her nails.they are so strong and no more peeling .
i was glad to find white white but it's a little thick . it works well enough though and it it hard to find true white
this foundation from maybelline is a little bit oily and i would like it to last more . but it's still good stuff .
use at home , or on the go , this is perfect for both needs ! would recommend to anyone who uses magnifier !
cheeky ! i always love my stuff ordered from cheeky ! great deals , great products .
you cannot go wrong with this product . you get a lot for your money . it will leave your hair soft , easy to detangle after each wash .
goes on smooth . will be using everyday , wish i would have started a product like this years ago . i will purchase again .
the colors are all very cool , my little sister loved it and the variety of colors , they were carefully packaged too
... this product goes on like silk and stays on ... it will not rub off and discolor dark garments ... it will keep you smooth ...
this ws okay i personally like the mint masks the queen helene makes alot better than this one .
this powder brush is huge and provides nice , even coverage . i really like how it works and the end result .
i love poshe products and this one works great . it goes on smoothly and dries very quickly , leaving your nails looking and feeling great .
purchased these for my three daughters ( tweens / teenager ) and they love using these to add sparkle to their nails for fun !
been using it for like 2 weeks now and i already see less black circles and little wrinkles are starting to go away
this is the first dry shampoo i try and it works great for me make my hair fresh and clean and soft very good i order two more bottles
i use these for highlights on greeting cards . these are rounded to fit a fingernail but cute on my owl heads ! :)
it gets 3 stars for the case which i'd pay a dollar for anyways , but there are not 3000 in there
works perfect for nail art projects and you can't beat the price . highly recommended over more expensive options - which i have tried and prefer this pencil .
this product didn't do much for me . it smelled nice , but i didn't notice much of a difference when using it .
i love these brushes so much ! i bought some and are in love ! i hope to buy more soon they dont shed !
was leary due to the price but it is an awsome product . works well , sturdy , doesnt leak . great item and an amazing price
there isn't much color payoff . it isn't very moisturizing and it looks sticky . the smell is ok but i got sick of it after a few applications .
i don't know if they are clarisonic original items or not but they work just as well . i love these brushes
i really like this turban ... goes with everything thanks :) will recommand this turban to anyone . just wish it came on the due date
this is the most unusual moisturizer i have ever tried . the texture is very light and it absorbs in almost instantly . my new favorite .
i liked this polish . it is a nice neutral shade that goes well with everything . and it wears well also .
exactly what i needed to complete my harmony gelish no chip manicure . arrived super fast and just what i needed !
i love this gentle tanner . one that you can use daily and not get those streaks or lines . good moisturizer as well .
i'm glad that i was able to add this to my collection of satin head ties . it doesn't slip off as long as you tie it securely .
finally was able to find this color . love it on my nails and is hard to find in stores . great buy
i really enjoy wearing this wig it is a lot of fun for a great price . i would like to purchase agin in the future .
this fragance is really delicious . it's girly , there's berries and something exotic in it . good for day and night , very versatile ... i recommend it .
i keep this in my desk at work . when my hair feels sweaty or oily , i can spray this and it does a nice volume job .
it was like 3 or maybe 4 different sizes like small medium and large but when laid out it didn't look to be 12 different sizes
these mascara tubes are great ! the are easy to fill if you use a medicine dropper or syringe , and work very well .
these will add a little flare to your nails when used , they are easy to apply , and come with beautiful colors .
i was using the mac eyebrow wax , but this one works just as well . you just need a jumbo sharpener . will buy this again and again !
i bought the biggest size of this curling just great but i want to say that works well with med_long hair as my hair .
came today ( shipped fast ) and it is as pictured . very pleased with this nude color . cant wait to do my nails tonight .
works good when it will actually come out of the dispenser . eh . but most of the time it doesn't . blah
its the king of bright red - like a fire engine red .. my favorite of the classic red nails . it's cnd so you get a nice application .
i use this every morning . people think that my 50 year old son is my husband . i guess that says it all ! lol
i buy these regularly . they are wonderful for getting in the corners of my eyes to remove smudged makeup , etc .
i absolutely love these they are so convient and my clients have love them . doesn ` t waste acetone and does not melt .
i love this . helps me to get the straightest line without making a mess . i love how it is easy to work with .
soft ... very soft . i will be using soon .. but have used 2 of the other brushes . and they work great .
got this and the price is great and i was so happy that it was what o was looking for got 12 of this and i will be ordering more
this is a great beauty tool , gives my skin a glowing complexion ~ use it with regenerist detoxifying pore scrub . i get more compliments then ever !
fantastic ! rollers go in twice as fast ! no more messing around with the wire clip any more fore me ! i love these things !
i love this toner . it is the only one i use for platinum blonde hair . however , one of the bottles arrived damaged .
i bought this looking for a darker red , almost maroon but it's really just red . beautiful red but not what i wanted
i purchased these to replace the ones that came with the sander . i haven't used these yet , but i like the fine for my nails .
i can not believe how different my skin feels . this is wonderful . do not hesitate ! i am only sorry i waited so long .
so cheap plastic like material did not even feel like hair . you should purchase the ones that are on a piece of thread than these .
i use sunflower oil in my skin moisturizing products mixed with shea butter and an essential oil for fragrance . light and easy .
our granddaughter loved this set for her special and detailed manicures she give herself and sisters . we were pleased with the purchase and the quality of the product .
this makes my hair even curlier , just love it i get spirals , just beautiful . it does not build up and rinses out easily .
these do stay in position somewhat better than fabric covered scuncis , but they slowly but surely inch their way back on my head .
i love the color , true to the gray . it last , to me , better the other brands . i've used several . highly recommend .
this color is almost like a rosy-brown . a little darker than what i was looking for . it's very pretty though !
very nice way to apply your foundation , makes it easy to spread your makeup evenly and lightly . i like i like ! !
this is the most wonderfully scented product . i just love the soft fragrance and would recommend it . glides on like velvet .
i love this curling iron i use it all the time on my clients it was worht the price and holds up really well .
actually use them for dish covers as well as shower caps . they work great when you can't find a lid for that bowl that you needed .
this is the same dosage as stores sell , but it costs far less . tablets are small enough to be comfortable to swallow .
fabulous product . it's worth every penny . i love it ! makes my hair feel like silk . o lyrics use when your hair is dry though .
i use this in conjunction with the eye serum--am loving the results , and it's a super value--most eye creams and serums cost considerably more .
i bought this for my 17 year old daughter . she smells wonderful , great price too , shipping was pretty fast . would recommend to other buyers .
right amount of perfume for the price . long-lasting , sweet like marshmallows and sugar with a tinge of spice . i love it !
i have medium to fine past the shoulder length strait hair , read all instructions , but my curls fell flat in half an hour .
it worked with my acne , but i really don't get much of zits . very rarely i would get it . it worked for my minor acne problems .
my manicurist was impressed how the product stayed on my nails . waiting to give the entire bottle a good try .
this is a great brush for contouring . buffs everything out very nicely . i use this or nars ita brush for same purpose
it's my favorate nail polish.very beautiful and elegent color.my friends said i'm pretty in that color xddon't miss opi's nail polish !
love it i use it for my nails i use it on my face it's my favorite thing to do
brushes took about 2 weeks to get here . still earlier than the estimated arrival date . they work great . i'm happy about my purchase .
my favorite mascara ! makes my lashes super long and full without clumps . will definitely be using for a very long time .
good gift for a woman . not expensize . received it quickly in the mail . nice color for a lipstick . would buy again
great nail polish , this and china glaze r the only polishes that go on my nails , yes , i am spoiled
one of my favorite buffs ever . i actually get compliments on it when i wear it !
if you want your man to smell great then you need to buy this spray . it smells so wonderful to me
smelled great and came in a very fashionable amount of time without doing express mail . gave it as a gift and the person loved it !
it's creamy and does a good job of lifting . it's the only brand of developer that i trust to deliver consistent results .
my lashes look no different and my skin is completely stained . i can't leave the house like this ! do not buy this item ! it's terrible !
it smells too strong you just need to put a little and does it , is you use it as a normal perfume you'll smell really really bad
pretty colors , good pigmentation , not as creamy as i would like but they do their job , nothing wow but what i expected
this nude sparkling color is too cute . is is simple and beautiful . one of my favorite night time colors on the nude side .
dove body wash in plum smells ravishing . this scent moisturizes well and makes taking a shower a true spa experience .
it does exactly what it says it does , the burning stings for a while but it really dries out the pimples .
this is the best nail glue i have used . it stays for days and the top does not get stuck to the bottle like others i have tried .
the lipsticks have different variety of shades ! they go on smooth and easy ! it doesn't smear ! a little goes a long way ! :)
i love the colors on this one . very bright and good detail . lasts about 2 weeks and love this better than nail polish .
works perfectly . i have no complaints . they are worth it for the price . they work well and fit comfortably into my hand .
this works , but if i stop using it my bacne comes back again =/ it smells great and if you keep using it , it actually will work !
this is my favorite top coat . fast drying , clear . i have used it for years and can't find anything i like better than this !
it looks nice but didn't really cover very well . i probably wouldn't buy it again . doesn't really look like the picture .
they work for their intended purpose and my clients like them . some double color and that good for me since they are the ones i use most .
this is a great product for damaged skin , from regardless the cause . a little goes a long ways , and happy to have found this .
this is a very good scent from axe . my boyfriend was happy with the product when i gave it to him .
took 3 weeks to get it but finally here . they work well as other nail super glue . good cheap but for 3 ..
this is a wonderful product ! great for scars , stretch marks etc . continue to buy this ! works to smoothen out stretch marks & minimizes scars .
this products is great and it just as described . i use them with my gel nails / gel nail polish and they do not leave any lint behind .
nice coverage , a soft matte look . too bad it made me break out . i really wish it worked out for me .
this iteam is a small clip but very pretty . i love wearing it . the clip holds a lot better than most
worth the cost , came on time . easy to use and definitely helps smooth out my hair . should last a long time .
this is a wonderful product ... select the one they manufacture that is necessary for your nail problem .. it works !
the product is very good ; unfortunately , the oval shape is user-unfriendly . it wears down unevenly and is a pain to apply .
basically , it's nothing special . it doesn't provide any special conditioning to my hair and i really don't see any difference after using it .
such a great brush gives my powder such creamy smooth application to my skin . i bought two one for me one for my mom . she loves it too
this shades are amazing , i really lovet it , stays all day , the quality and the colors are sooo beautiful
i got it for psoriasis . it has had no effect after 4 tries . and i felt like my scalp was sore after my last use of it .
i love it .. its great .. it matches my eyebrow color and its not to dark .. and i love that it have a eyebrow brush on it .
super easy to use ! just mix up some goo , slather it on and wrap your self in some plastic wrap !
loved this palette ! it came very quickly , in perfect condition and i was very satisfied with the colors ! happily grateful !
great for organizing my makeup and i have a lot of makeup . this doesnt even take up too much space
these bands are thin and don't break easily . around my wrist i can barely feel that it is there . the color assortment isn't bad ; neutral .
love this shea butter . i use it a moisturizer and to make other self-care products such as my homemade deodorant .
beautiful subtle sheer color with slight shimmer . great for french manicures or one coat over a soft pink in order the add that slight sparkle .
i like the l'oreal cleansing conditioner better than this one but i love this for shaving cream ! i will buy it again for that !
i love opi and their products . this oil makes the cuticle feel so soft and replenishes nicely . i will be using a lot more of this .
my girl likes it a lot , she uses it with this french manicure kit i bought her she loves it .
the colors are so cute and with the nail design stencil kit this would be the perfect gift for someone !
i wish it had exfoliating beads . my face just never felt clean afterwards ... i could often still see makeup residue on my face after washing .
use it for thyroid with lemongrass oil and myrrh . not sure if it is working or not . still trying it out
minha dermatologista me indicou esse hidratante , realmente ele é muito bom . minha pele é muito seca , mas com ele ficou muito hidratada e macia .
these r great .. not to long .. not to short .. just right .. fooled my husband and daughter ..
this is great witch hazel but honestly you can get the same product at the dollar store for a lot less $ $ . i wouldn't buy again .
there is not much to say about this . it does what it says and that's it . no different than the other brands though .
this is a very nice base coat , goes on smoothly and can be used with or without a nail polish ...
this cream worked better than i expected and helped with acne too . it's a very nice skin softener and helps remove dead skin .
i love aveeno anti-itch concentrated lotion ! i'm super allergic person . so i need somethingthat's non-allergic . this one seems to work . i love it , takako masuda
i cannot get enough of this body oil , i wish it came in a huge bottle i love love love this
this is a good product . it really seems to work . it straightens the hair nicely . the process is easy , as well .
glitter is just as expected . took a while to get it though . i haven't used it yet but i'm sure it's fine .
love the smell . if you know what xoxo smells like , i think they have a similar scent . great price too !
this hair dryer was a lifesaver on my recent trip to australia . i love the dual voltage and included diffuser . is very light & compact .
the idea to buy a set of 30 pieces is to have diferent designs , but some of the plates was repeated
i love these , from the great color to the strong material . great sizes . picked these over the most o n line and i'm glad i did .
always a good choice . this mascara is a bargain for its quality ! i have been using it for a while and have no complains at all !
i never want to use another brand of brushes again . since i started using sigma my make up compliments have sky rocketed ! this brand is worth every cent
i have had better lash glue . this one works nicely for strip lashes . you have to work fast or they won't last all day
this base coat is great and works well with the gel polish . it goes on nicely and dries fast under the uv lamp .
i bought these long time ago , and my daughters use these overnight . they work great especially when you need extra help with acne .
the color is very pretty it fit a lil to tight and it don't stretch much but i would buy it again for the price
great scent : light , natural , yummy . this works so well with my dry and frizz-prone hair . softens without being greasy or heavy . perfect .
not too bad , i guess its good for the price , but next time i will spend more on a better brush
my nails chipped and broke just as fast if not faster using this product . i even bought a china glaze color to go with it . no dice .
these items are way too sticky to use . also , polish gets under them very easily and i wasn't impressed . i wouldn't buy this item again .
this was great for the holidays . not easy to remove though , but there again most glitters aren't ! arrived on time .
love this . use it all the time . this was an excellent deal and i would recommend to anyone who needs extra moisture .
such a good line of products that my girlfriend tried & recommended to me . i bought it for myself & as a gift to another friend.very happy .
i have thin nails and this stuff makes them very strong . it repairs damaged nails amazingly . this is a must have .
i'm a big fan of ecotools brushes . i love how easy to use and control they are . really great value !
i dont really see the point in this product i didnt notice a difference when i aplied this on my face
i like it - i wish the others who claim to be 100 % m oil were really like this $ $ $ one .
always terrified this will be discontinued . i always get compliments when i wear it and love it so much ... it is the best .
quick shipping which i enjoy.plus the mirror is so cute defenitely something i like.made my eyebrow plucking and makeup application much easier .
pretty good straightener for the price . but i would not really recommend this , although it's okay , i would not buy this again .
it looks like hardened vasoline coming from the tube . it smells like perfumed vasoline . it is very thick and greasy .
the product provides great moisture . it makes my skin and hands feel super smooth and supple . i will purchase again .
very pretty and vintage looking , the color is a nice deep purple with a vintage silver . looks nice for any occasion
i bought this pure almond oil to mix with various essential oils . my current favorite is lemongrass essential oil . it moisturizes beautifully !
great product , love it , please don't discontinue it or try to improve . does the job for me now , very convenient to use and pack for travel
why would anyone go to a local pharmacy and spend 3 times as much for vaseline ... cheap and worth it !
as a sushi junky i had to purchase this bag . it is a great size , has a nice zipper , and cleans nicely too .
great product . love it . phloretin cf serum advanced formula + 1 fl oz / 30 ml . broad-range ... cosmetic skin solutions llc
the pain is oily , the 2nd coat runs ... steer away from this shade . wish i can return as after 3 tries , it still sucks
full coverage glitter polish in 2-3 coats . deep royal blue-leaning violet jelly , with blue and silver glitter . formula is great , typical for this brand .
a refreshing clean face wash that will do the trick . i has an unusual scent not bad but unusual leaves your skin feeling revived and cool
fragrances are personal but this one makes an excellent gift . you will definitely get compliments wearing this one . i highly recommend this product .
i've seen nail places use this so i decided to get one ( easier than using a q-tip ) . this really was a good buy !
best eyeliners made for edging eyelids . last long . go on smooth . great colors
this body wash was not very moisturizing , i would recommend it for normal skin . the scent is also very light .
finally found a good brow color that is not too dark . i mix it with a bit of black and red to make the perfect color for me .
overall for the price given its a nice little set of everything you need for personal manicure or pedicure . good little travel kit
to coin the expression once you go black ... lol ... this is a very captivating fragrance that is very distinctive . this will definitely remain one of my favs
sometimes i cannot find these in stores . i have used it for years . the gentle one is not hard on the skin .
vidal sassoon medium side combs , tortoise , 2 count . they may not be just for me . they did not work on my hair .
softens my greying hair , and works for my curly girls as a cowash too . definitely try it . you will not be disappointed .
this stuff works so much better than my expensive creams from the department store . glycerin & water mixture + jojoba oil is all you need for dry skin .
i really like this dove bar soap . it smells wonderful and my skin is soft . i love dove it is the best .
i bought this product about two weeks ago and i love it , it feels nice and soothing against my skin .
i love the color even though it wasn't exactly as seen on the website . it arrived within a week of my order ! great product .
love this eye pencil from benefit nothing quite like it however if your on a budget , it is too pricey .
i use this when it gets closer to time for a cut and color . seems to tame my semi-curly hair down , smooth the dry ends .
this brushes are soft , full , apply makeup and foundation smoothly and retain their bristles even after washing . for the price i am very satisfied .
the one i received was scented and i am mad about that . i have not used it much because of that .
used a month a no visual results , not sure if i'll purchase again . for the reasonable price i didn't expect expect a lot .
this product is really good . it smells good and makes your hair feel so soft and smooth . i love it
my husband has been using this for about 6 weeks so far no change as him or i can tell ..
the hair clip is so gorgeous i thought it was a brooch the coloring in so sharp and the item is a winner
omg i can go on and on about how great these are . i'm awesomely satisfied with these foils i use to create dramatic nail art designs
i didn't have high expectations for these considering the price but i wasn't happy to find zero complaints about them !
smells very nice although made me break out very badly on the shoulders . wont buy again . its a good moisturizer if you have dry skin .
yes it is dark , but it looks really pretty when the lights hit it . plus it cover really well with one or two coats .
i won't buy again because i found out it is tested on animals - something i wish i would have checked before i purchased .
a deep red with lots of red sparkles . i needed to apply 3 coats to get that deep red color . otherwise it's more of a fuchsia .
this works exactly as advertised . never use on bare nails . this has a really thick viscosity specially made for the konad plates .
this is a nice no wipe sealant for gels and acrylic but it gets heat spikes worse than any i have used before .
i've been using this for over 6 months now , i do notice a significant difference when i use it consistently .
i love this lipstick ... very opaque ... not drying on the lips ... love the packaging ... looking forward to purchasing more lime crime lip products in the future
the purpose cleansing bar is gentle to the skin . it doesn't dry out the skin and rinses very easily . i use it on face and body .
best foundation brush ever . blends beautifully ! this is one of my best makeup finds and i wouldn't give this brush away if you paid me !
love this product . just remember not to turn your hands or feet orange . it says see results within a week but i saw results the next day .
i use it even when i haven't worn make-up . it lasts a very long time and i highly recommend it .
great product and is exactly as described . great value for the money and nice selection of colors . wife wants more and will order again .
this makes color a little streaky going on so more coats may be necessary but it seems to keep polish on longer .
i not just if this is only for bare escentuals but i tried this with my powered and liquid foundation and both time it failed .
this smells good , feels good , works amazingly and above all its nivea ! ! love you guys ! ! will buy again and again ! !
there are a lot of colors and shapes to choose from . i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to add a little sparkle to their nails
awesome for nail art . love that there are a lot of different sized metal tips to create different designs and shapes .
my 1st mac purchase & it's amazing ! if u don't own saint germaine , ur missing out cause , it's a " must have " 4 ur collection !
i trhought this was a good product but would not be my first choice in deep conditioners . i am not sure thatr i would reorder it .
great product ! i use it in several things that i make at home . works really well in homemade foot cream .
the shampoo arrived yesterday and tried this morning . it was very nice and i think i will be glad i bought it .
the brushes are so good . the travel case is perfect if you want to carry them around . the quality of the brushes are amazing .
it's okay , doesn't look like how the picture describes but hey it works for it's purpose and that's all i need .
the color doesn't really show up unless your using a very , very dark nail polish . i will be posting pictures soon
it didn't work as well i thought it would after applying it on my oily face several times a day .
it is really help showing the true color of the eye shadow but for me it didnt stay long it fades in a weird way
realllyyy goood product ... love it ... awesome designs great way to do your nails at a short period of time . would recommend this to anyone .
these brushes are very nice . nothing fancy , and that is okay by me . i like the control i have with them and i have no complaints .
i wanted some colorful mascara , but the green was too green for me . it reminded me too much of my mom in the late 80 ' s .
love all the different sizes . very comfortable and easy to use only if you know how to glue individual lashes .
love the way these products make my skin feel and at a price that doesn't break the bank . i will reorder .
i like it but i need to find a product to go with to make the colors last longer what i have is not working with it
wonderful pigment and color pay off . i bought one for myself and one for 2 of my 4 nieces . amazing
for the price , these brushes are outstanding . i use them everyday for my eyeshadows - will purchase again if i need additional brushes .
its work . first i was sceptical , but i found this is works + i noticed that facial hair regrow much slowly
i bought 3 sets of it as its definitely worth the money buying it online than dept stores . i wont hesitate to buy more .
thank you so much for these they are great and stick ... not like the ones i nought at sally beauty supply 500 pc that didn't stick ...
this is perfect for summer ! it's a more bright version of peechy keen and it stands out better on my skin tone !
its a great sheer pink , multiple layers make it darker but i love it for french manicures or to leave nails natural
the design is very pretty . i haven't had any problems with it . surprisingly , it didn't take as long as i thought it would to receive .
i absolutely love this color . very true to picture color . like most nail polish it chips but nothing a top coat can't fix !
for the price , this is a pretty good palette . i've used it several times and the pigmentation is okay , and the colors blend well .
great price good purchase with all the stuff it comes with happy the dotting tools tips are different sizes .
sinse i have found this product i use nothing else from the shampoo to the conditioners this stuff is really nice
i love this product ! so convenient without the noise of a blow dryer . i can move around unlike being stationary under a bonnet dryer .
on porcelain skin , this blush is lovely and soft . nyx is comparable to mac cosmetics at a much better price . great value
just soaking my nails ( like after a shower ) and using hand lotion works just as well . save your money and do the old fashion way !
i have taken this diffuser traveling with me and it fits every hotel hair dryer i have tried . it will dry your curyl hair beautifully .
the colors are lovely , good variety of shimmer and matte , good hue saturation , and good long wear . i'm having a lot of fun with this .
just what i was looking for and great price . goes on smooth and light and not greasy . good product thanks
since the price was so low i assumed that they would be falling apart and shedding like crazy but these brushes are amazing and very soft .
my daughter really loved this brush she has long hair and this brush made it easy to brush out her wet hair .
feels great in my hair , not heavy or greasy , just shiny great smelling hair . really nice .
excellent product ! the other proactive products irritated my skin but this works well for spot treatments and also as a weekly mask if your skin is oily .
i love this . it's just what i wanted when i decided to buy a blowdryer . fast shipping , too . good buy .
love this stuff . would use it over and over again , and i do.takes the brassiness out of your hair .
for sucha price , it has everything a girl needs for a travel kiteasily packed and not worried of forgetting a thingnice colors to match all too
i used this conditioner for the first time on sunday evening . it softened my hair . i will continue using it for hair growth .
great deal on these ! so much fun for girls to play " nail salon " and they can keep the designs they created . love them !
i like this cleanser ! i love the way my face feels after i use this ! it also smells good , too .
this item is as described and is a quality product . i would buy again . slow shipping , but for the price , it is worth it .
great buy and budgetfriendly ! ! excellent product and convenient case when traveling along with an excellent variety of brushes . great for a gift .
i bought this an a boutique in seattle . love the smell . reminds me of hawaii . glad to have found it here .
it came sooner than i expected and it looks better on me than in the picture . i am so satisfied with this purchase . good job ! ! !
product was realy strong for my skin type ... sensitive . great sent but made my face feel realy tight and tingle which dried out my skin .
this product is a daily part of my skin care routine . i've used since product was first introduced . it's great for sensitive skin .
i love these ! they seem well-made for the price . the headband is fabric-covered , which keeps it from slipping out of place .
such a great price for this nail polish set . and at the same time , you are getting a great variety in colors to pick from .
my dermatologist recommended this . my husband and i both use his and we love it . it's the best sunscreen we've ever used .
received the item pretty quick . all different colors which is good . there's a lot of tape on each roll too
this is easy to apply and will work for you well if you follow directions completely . works well for everyone .
love this i feel organized and the inside is made with real leather . i love the ease of flipping through and viewing them ! ! !
i bought this to dress up my long thin fine hair when i put it up . works well and stays all day
i got this cream for the " problem area " i used it a couple days and my skin look much better . i highly recommend this cream !
i really like this mascara . it does a nice job of thickening my lashes . the price was great , and the shipping was fast . thank you .
i love this brand , they make amazing brushes and the price you cant beat ! ! try them , its worth it for you ! !
i mixed this into hair color and it did keep brass out . not completely but enough that i would say it helped alot . i'd buy again .
it is what it says it is . smells like roses , made of glycerin water . i use it to cut lotions .
standard shave gel . reduces razor burn , is great for sensitive skin , no ill effects as of yet ! great product . good price .
i bought this for my girlfriend last christmas and she loves the smell . beyonce really did a great job with this one .
these nails are better and it fits well on my nails and very easy to apply . i will maybe get these again .
the case is excellent . looks like its going to last a long time . it's my favorite - a must for me .
i bought these to use for my lower lashes and it works well without irritating my eyes . washes off with no problem , and doesn't feel sticky .
they work really good and they grave ur hair back perfect they are rrally nice and soft and they are good meterial
its not heavy or greasy mositure just the right amount.the smells are just amazing my fav is the sweet tea
light colors of pink shades.very smooth going on . wonderfully compact to travel well.recommend to those who like to reapply on the go .
i love this gentle cleanser especially for my sunburnt skin which may feel some stinging when washed with other soap .
ha is the bset skin care one can buy , it plumps up wrinkles , if you have any and assists moisutrizer to hold longer !
the color screams fall allure ! it is truly a fantastic color that gives your nails the right amount of pop for this time of year .
perfect lamp , excellent quality , this works perfect with shellac i am very happy , i use this one in my salon
literally came 2 days after ordering ! and it's totally true to it's color name . it matches me perfectly and has great coverage .
well , properly iam not happy with the product , but my girlfriend loves this iron , now it takes more time to get ready ! !
this comb provides a very tight tease . it's by far the best teasing comb i've ever used . great product and reasonably priced .
i purchased this goody heat waver but had to return it because i had purchased the miracurl by babyliss . ther is no comparison . i returned it .
the color is really pretty - and the packaging is equally beautiful . it goes on smoothly and lasts for an above-average amount of time .
this really does help prevent breakage by strengthening hair . the large size means you will have it for several months .
definitely worth the purchase . the only product that really leaves your hair shiny . you have to use a tiny amount or it will look greasy !
works well and is quickly drying . came swiftly and the price is certainly right ! will buy again ! will recomment . nice .
this shampoo and conditioner are quite pricey , but worth the $ $ spend . my hair feel soft and with volume . i absolutely love this product .
so i can't say whether or not it does the job . seems like it would have , and i have very thick hair ... even when it's short .
not displeased necessarily but stones were scattered in bag and all mixed up . pretty colors and seems easy to apply .
what a great color ! opi nail polish is always great . it goes on smoothly and dries quickly . this color is great for the 2013 season .
now i understand why companies add fragrance to oils . this smells awful but i'm seeing great changes in my skin tone :) 5 stars !
good stuff , works fine , doesnt irritate my eyes and really does its job well . i will buy again for sure .
the lancet could be much sharper and the extractor doesn't work . i wish i'd saved my money . so it goes .
i don't think this did anything at all . i got it to work on the blackheads on my nose . the container is cute , but unnecessarily large .
perhaps it's me , but this didn't work - in fact nothing at all happened . a huge waste of money in my opinion .
i brought this product before from healthy food store order on site because i could make to store . haven't used yet hope product works the same
although there is a strange metallic smell that comes from the iron , it gets super hot and makes my hair pin straight in no time .
a little pinky for my fall taste but looks great with glitter on top ! got so many compliments . great for a holiday or nye look .
i like this product . it cleans very gently . dont dry my skin and feels comfort . i think i will buy it again
the brushes are smooth especially the face brush , had a little falling out but after i washed them it was good , they came individually packed
it's a cute wig just sheds alot and i dont like that and it's pretty big on my head but i still can wear it
although i did receive this product for free , that does not mean that my review is biased . product does really work !
i love it . there are 5 different colors , black , blue , green , purple , charcoal , i think customers will like this .
it has a tingle to it and your face feels wonderful after you use it . it leaves your face soft and fresh and clean feeling . i like !
this is a very useful product i really enjoy it . it is a good size and the top cover is great to keep your monomer from evaporating .
this was a gift to a budding young make-up artist . evidently coastal scents is a great brand . this palette has some lovely colors .
nice gel . keeps hair in place for longer time adn gives the wet look . like the smell as well . recommended .
very fun way to make several designs my kids can spend hours painting there nails with different designs . love it !
this little tool is sharp and works great on most blackheads . be careful on softer more sensitive skin because the loop can damage skin
great stuff ... covergirl aquasmooth make-up , classic ivory 710procter & gamble ... moist not to thick not to thin goes on smoothly really like this .
came in a timely manner , overall a good buy . satisfied with my purchase . i use on a regular basis and it gets the job done .
i want to buy another one for my mom . my hair dry faster after i use it . and i really like the smell .
these are excellent for removing polish , just enough remover on each pad to last for three nails . would recommend this product to others .
great smell . leaves my skin super soft all day .. does wonders on my skin .. not a greasyfeel .. smooth milky .. just very soft
works to keep my hands soft from the winter chap . it doesn't hurt on my sensitive skin and the scent is so pretty
perfect consistency and has a really defined matte finish . have gotten compliments from doing interesting matte designs on my nails . highly recommend ! !
everyone who stamps needs to at least experience stamping with konad's black and white polish . fabulous . shows up on nails great .
works pretty good as long as i spray it only on my roots and not my whole head cuz it will make my hair dry and all knotie
been using for a few months and love these products . the shampoo lathers nicely for a product that is sulfate free .
feels and smells great . really moisturizes . i am not sure what more to say about this product except that it is a good value .
i use this for my son since he is 2 months old . this is very nice shampoo for sensitive skin
i have tried so many things and this is the only product that has actually worked . i ended up buying 3 of them !
this left my face luminous , smooth , & a natural youthful glow . the whole youthcode line is fabulous , & i will continue to use them faithfully .
this also came very quickly ! a month before expected date ! came in cheap wrap but does it's job so far no complaints
i always buy this product ! ! works for me and wouldn't be without it . don't hesitate to buy and the price is good .
i hate thinning hair . this works well and is inexpensive . ten more words are not needed and need 3 more .
they are so cute and the colors are great . very bright and look great in the nail . i use them for incapsulated nails
i loved my experience using the vitamin c serum . i love to find fabulous new natural & organic products and this one is one my top list .
love this bronzer ! i've had it for about a year now and there's still product left . very matte and blends great .
heat is high and adjustible . worked for me .. i have medium to thick hair
my sister love it she has no complaints about it what ever she use it for its good for her .
this item goes on smooth , it absorbs instantly , and it does a great job at moisturizing . it isn't greasy feeling at all .
did nit like this it just whit nail polish with glitter in it nothing special .. and cant return it .. so there it sits ..
i have received this product a couple times now on the autodelivery option . it's a very refreshing and soothing scent , and my husband even loves it .
makes my polish stay on longer & looks nice and shiney , i will be purchasing another bottle , as soon as this one , run out .
i wish they can improve the packaging to make it a little bit more elegant . other than that , the product is fantastic ..
i really am pleased with this product . it is loose powder so you don't need much but goes on nicely and helps cover the flaws in your skin .
love , love love them ! , feel like expensive mac or sigma brushes.great for the crease and blending . i will re-purchase again for sure !
this faded the brown spots on my hands almost immediately and it has slightly faded the ones on my face . i've reordered . i recommend this product .
cnd is amazing stuff . this is a shiny silver that lasts two plus weeks without chipping . one of my new fav's .
loved so much and so much cheaper then ulta or sephora . keep in mind that it is coming from out of the country .
this was $ 75 in a department store and i got it for about $ 25 . great deal ! thanks ever so much .
i love this color . my manicurist used it on me several times and i fell in love it . highly recommend .
i'm sure this would work great but i'm yet to use it since it didn't fit on my blow dryer .
very nice mousse for the price . holds as well as other more expensive brands that i have used and smells better . definately well worth the price .
small stars but pointy . i had to bend it for a proper fit but looks adorable . they are a great buy !
smells great - lasts long - goes on incredibly smooth . perfect lip stain ... but it's more like a lip balm with lasting color .
i really love this conditioner ! it really works well in the shower ! i use it with the leave in conditioner .
i had never seen a dual lip gloss . i gave it to my sister has a thank you gift , she thought it was moisturizing and cool looking
it comes with a scrubber on front of bottle . it cleans well and smells very fragrant . good price . will buy more in future .
use daily and love it ! i am a philosophy woman and will be for life , i love all your products !
i really like this brush . the paddle is wide enough for straightening . bristles are just right and bamboo makes it light and comfortable .
love the color ! easy application and color stays put . i'm interested in trying others colors that they offer . would order again .
this plate is definitely worth buying . it has really great designs and the images come out nice and crisp . nice diverse collection of geometric and feminine designs .
tu maquillaje de los ojos durara horas y horas y con un toque brilloso o de glitter ... perfecto para aquellas sombras con brillo o metalizado ! ! !
have used for about a week . i think its a good soap . don't really have anything to compare it to .
its a beautiful nude color , , , perfect to wear along a nude lipstick .. :) i will buy this lip pencil again .. thank you ..
light , sweet fragrance with all the creaminess that dove is known for . this is one of my favorites in the dove bar soap line .
i love this tool . it has a short side that is has an arc to it , it fits your nail bed well and is easy to use .
i love all of these polishes , they arrived the next day . my only issue is the scented nail polish remover pads don't really work .
i love this color with most of my other opi colors that i use it on . stays on for a long time too !
i like this product because it's light . it doesn't streak or clump lashes with a lot of color . it's a way more natural look . love it .
i expected much cheaper quality ( considering the price ) than what was delivered . these tools are heavy and of high quality . you'll be impressed , too .
love how this makes my hair feel healthier and soft without the extra weight ... i bought some as a gift also
i think this is one of my favorite colors . i submitted a photo of how it looks on my nails , and the formula is great !
these are great quality brushes with a fantastic variety , you even get a dotting tool ! im very pleased with this purchase . :)
the band was small and tight enough to fit an infants head . there is no way i could fit this around my head maybe as a bracelet ...
first of all their not ceramic , they're plastic . but they are okay . they'll be good for a less sophisticated design
i hate running out of this hair product - it works great . i keep buying it and the price is right too .
cook with , refreshen yourself and spray on your hair . mix butters like cocoa , shea and mango with it , for whipping action .
the picture makes this look like it's almost a silver color . it's really almost a forest green . pretty , but not what i had in mind .
also purchased this item as a gift , i will let you all know how that person liked it when they receive it .
it does its job perfectly . it preps your finger for the foundation coat to go on . it seems to work well
love opi gelcolor this is a darker color than it appears to be than shown solid no glitter dark blue
love it ! gives my lashes the big boost they need without looking clumpy . it also wears well throughout the day . it doesn't flake off or smudge .
teases my hair great without any damage . able to rat up the back but them smooth down the top , all with this brush . highly recommend !
this is great leave in curl boost and volumizer . we love this stuff . i will be buying more in the future .
this was a gift for my mother in law . after yelling at me asking if she looked that old she started them and has loved them
i us the am and pm cerave lotions . i think they work well together . they make your skin very soft .
perfect for to put on your body to help heal it it can be used for other things im sure to
great selection of colors , these don't chip , and the small brush makes it very easy to paint details ! ! love love love it ! !
this is a beautiful color on any skin tone ! ! i recommend this product . i my order in a couple of days .. with no problem :d
this is an okay nail block . definately have used better buffers . the price was nice
these are really cute but i though i was going to get the gold color also . didn't get it . but aside from that , they're really pretty
its not like what is described , its can't make hair look like what i want to . i don't like this product .
this shampoo is great . its superthick and leave your hair feeling clean and tingly . i do believe its helping to grow my hair .
perfect coral shade for the summer . color comes off " corally " and less " brick " ; which is exactly the color i am looking for !
i wear it under my make it burn my skin just throw all there product the moisturizer dry out in the bottle .
these are great tsa approved travel bottles . given the many types you can get a weeks worth of anything in them .
love this stuff awesome for my oily skin , leaves skin feeling so clean and fresh . i love how it makes my face look and feel youthful ! !
a little goes a long way . feels very silky on the skin . very good ingredients too . will continue to use it
i can't say that it actually gives you energy , but the smell is somewhat invigorating , and it does it's job as far as body washes go .
i use this in my homemade concoctions of various oils for face-moisturizer and hair after shampoo . light and just lovely .
this top coat hardens my nails , and keeps them nice and shiny ! works amazing of course with gelish nail polish !
avon skin products are the best ! i have used them for years ! ! this product is no exception ... it's great !
this was an accidental purchase . it has a really good scent to it . i gave it to my cousin . .
these bobby pins arrived a day late however they work good . they don't peel easily and they had a very very faint smell of plastic .
love this product . keeps my natural hair strong no breakage . this is my # 1 conditioner .
good product but im not to crazy about the scent . i haven't used to much yet works well when straightening hair
loved the fresh clean feeling . you really feel it going to work . my face feels instantly smoother . i will keep buying this product
they hold very well and last for around two weeks or more if your careful . over all it works great .
the buffer is not as substantial as it looks . the ends are sharp but the cushion does not cover the ends so take care not to jab yourself .
the c clamp came in handy when making my u part wig . the price was amazing and came faster than expected . worked great .
ordered about 2 weeks ago , got them today i am really excited to use them ! so many youtubers recommend them for nail art .
super nice finish for the price . i was thinking about other more expensive products but liked this price . i'm very happy .
every man must have this cologne ! it smell , so clean , fresh , i'm in love with this cologne , buy it ! you won't regret !
has a nice texture and feels good on skin . smells nice too . no miracles so far , but i am a patient person .
i am very pleased with all the elta md products . this is lightweight and non-greasy which is what i need for acne prone skin .
i just didn't see the results other reviewers saw---in fact i saw no change at all . it's just that simple .
salon science instant artificials really do strengthen fingernails . my nails were severely damaged and weakened but now they are strong . i recommend this product .
this hair product works beautifully and smells wonderful . the price was very good and it arrived quickly . i like it very much .
i really like this top coat but lately i have been double guessing myself . dries very fast but sometimes clumps on the sides .
this product works fairly well but if you leave it on too long it will burn . i don't think it's very " natural " .
q'lumiere organic day creme smells wonderful , feels wonderful , worth the money , leaves no tacky residue , good to wear under makeup .
looks weak , but is strong , i don't use it for blackheads , but for earwax removal , works great for that application
works great but very hard to take off . had to rub with lots of water and make up remover . other than that , its fine .
i really like this brush , it's excellent quality and very affordable . i will definitely be ordering another one , elf brushes are great !
have duplicates and they don't stick that great . i use them for doing nail art but they seem to peel up easy
i love this stuff and can't live without it . it is the best grey coverage i have ever used and i have used many .
i use this over my diy gel polish manicures and regular gels . it creates an awesome convenient top coat shine that is long lasting and tough to beat .
este producto es increible , te deja el cabello suave y sedoso . definitivamente la mejor compra que hecho en mucho tiempo .
my guy is adamantly against anything that has a scent to it but he actually doesn't mind this lotion ! trust me , that's a huge compliment !
go ahead and buy it ... looks good ... its also a very good option to mix it with other shades ... worth the money
the pads are a little drier than i had expected , but they do work well . it has helped my complexion . i use them every other day .
the product of good , however , it was a lot smaller than i expected . it will work though to dust nails .
i do not recommend this product ... the colors are very dull or too dark ... waste of money all in all in my opinion
beautiful colors and very pigmented . great product . small and easy to carry and can take this everywhere . just like the name go palette .
i loved this eyelashes they are super soft and they look super cute . definitely will buy again when i need more .
this is a nice product . the color was accurate . it covers well , is gentle on sensitive skin and goes on easily .
gelish products are the best , they apply smoothly and dry very quickly with my uv lamp . highly recommend this and all gelish products .
these foil stickers didnt even last a day . they wrinkled and look terrible not like the photo at all . i was extremely disappointed .
these nail art brushes are the right size and work great . all 3 have different sized tips and i would definitely recommend these brushes .
there are drugstore mascara's that work better then this that are cheaper in price . this is not worth the price
i used a few of the colors . they didn't last long . the polish starts to peel and chip the same day you put it on .
i prefer a real tan , but this is the next best thing ! smells great , dries quickly , color looks natural . i use this all winter !
if you are looking for a white polish that stays well then this would be a good buy . it works great for french tips and designs .
ladies , put on your big girl panties and use real lotion . seriously , your skin will thank you time and time again .
the polish stays on for a good 10days for me ! i love the set because you have everything you need !
too perfumey and its hard to feel clean when there is no lather . i wouldnot purchase this item again .
love these facial cleansing wipes . they are great on a hot day to refresh your face .
not exactly what i ordered some of the brushes that i wanted didn't come , but i still use them . they are great
i have very fine hair and nothing seems to work very well to add volume . this product is the bomb ! love it and am addicted !
this is a nice pack of concealers . the colors are natural and good size . i haven't used it yet but what i payed is worth it .
it does wonders in removing those stubborn blackheads and other unwanted blemishes . its totally worth the very few cents it costs .
the colors are okay but the gloss is too runny for me . it's probably okay for younger consumers who don't have to worry about feathering .
they don't work on my hair like the picture . i have tons of pieces that stick out . however it is very secure .
i could feel the tingle , but this did nothing for my skin . will stick to less expensive clay-based masks in future .
sooo cute ! a good selection of colors . i would certainly recommend these to anyone who likes to do decorate nails .
the bands offer a nice variety of bands to wear individually or in groups . i'm very pleased with the purchase .
i love jumbo braid hair . i have purchased it over and over again and will continue to repurchase in the future .
great toner for your facial regimen @ night . also use their eye makeup remover . highly recommend ! ! ! great for sensitive skin .
it went on fine and is nice and creamy but a little while after applying it ... it started burning my eyelids so i can't use it .
this is not black with an auburn color to it . it is red . my roots are now a dark but very obvious red .
i like that i can make a bub or go a different way and make a french roll with no trouble .
it's just okay , it doesn't work with some nail polishes like essie . i had to go back to my essie base instead of this .
highly recommend this soap . the price for two refill bottles was just a little more than a regular sized bottle .
this is the perfect travel size . this brand of oil is not greasy and absorbs easily into my skin quickly . it's a great carrier oil too .
i have short hair . i thought at first made hair really soft but can't use much at all too heavy of a conditioner for my thin hair
went by reviews and tried this . works good . not exactly the greatest smelling stuff , but it works and doesn't leave my skin dry .
so im not sure if there is 7400 in this set but they are beautiful and unlike some of the other reviews mine didnt come all mixed together .
my daughter loves these ! she thought the beads themselves were cute but she was especially impressed by the cute little containers they came in ! ! ha !
i got this brush cause i wanted a cheap teasing brush and this works like a charm ! i highly suggest this !
i bought this for contouring , shany makesgood products . i like the finish and its easy on the pocket book . product arrived fast .
smells wonderful , and leaves you feeling soft and clean . i have purchased this product , and the other variety's and each of them have been top notch .
these pedi-eggs work well but i do think they have changed the blades on them . they do not work as well as the ones that first came out .
i am blonde and grey without much shine ... this product makes my hair as pretty as a high-end shampoo commercial !
beautiful dark green with gold shimmer . long wearing with a glow about it . love , love love it . think wagon wheel only with shimmer
my hair feels light , silky and looks so shiny ! love this with the shampoo and keeps my color strong ! love !
it works awesome the drill does what i need it to . the different speeds are what i needed . plus the plug is long enough
came in right on time ! the application of this nailpolish is smooth and everything i wanted ! i love ittt !
i use this primer will all my mineral make-up . this primer helps my eye makeup last at the minimum twice as long .
item exactly as described . received early through the mail . i would recommend that you buy this product today . the brush is kinda too wide for me .
if you can get your hands on any of the village natural bath soap .. omg it is the best body soap out there .
my favorite product from acne.org it really helps to keep your skin clear and it is gentle on it . a must have !
the bottle is very original.and the scent is very nice i really like it and recommend to the people who like sweet smell
i love gelish products . this color was brighter than i had hoped . but it's still a very pretty red -
love it ! gives a smooth , completely natural , and matte looking finish !
these allow even an amateur like me seem pro . loved the price also . i can be very creative with these .
smells lovely , make sure if you use it on your body you use a carrier oil ... a little goes a long way
i like this product it fits my nails easily and good and flexable great and loving it two thums up .
love the product . continue to rave about it to everyone . i am almost stockpiling it as to make sure i never run out .
got this product as i was to have surgery and it was such a mess to use ... easier to get a friend to drive me to beauty salon
i have dry hair that sucks up moisture from any source . this product is great . i use a small dab after shampoo and before styling .
this moisturizer is wonderful ~ very creamy and not greasy ~ i really like the feel it leaves on my face
a nice variety of brushes for the price but they are not as easy to clean as i would have liked
good quality product and excelent price , very easy to useand works , you see the good results since the firts time , come on time too
this is a multipurpose product that gets the job done . the smell is nice and my husband enjoys having one product for all his needs .
my stylist uses this on my hair ( fine , jaw length and highlighted twice a year ) and it's a very nice shampoo .
great mineral makeup ! i have sensitive , combination oily skin and it works very well for me . would recommend if you are looking for light coverage
great products . dishes come out clean and with seventh generation products you can feel good about the products you use .
i love this stuff , i just wish it wasn't so expensive . makes your feet incredibly soft and smells very nice .
i tried a regular primer sample in a store and liked it , when i found out they made one for redness , i was hooked !
the serum absorbs quickly and leaves no residue . my skin is left softer and the price is good compared to other brands .
this was just what i was looking for and the price was great ! works great and cut my drying time believe it or not .
i have been using deva products for 13 years and love them . no harsh chemicals . gets my tangles out . smells good and cleanses scalp .
gets our family a deep clean but not overly drying to our skin - great for any age , i wont use another soap ! !
this was received exactly like advertised ... i used a few of the brushes and was pretty pleased with the results , , i certainly don't regret the purchase
balm with a fabulous natural blush . really like it . doesn't last long , have to reapply , but it's so pretty and looks so natural .
heats up quickly and leaves a smooth natural looking curl . i like that the cord swivels to follow you rather than having to work around it .
this product made my hair slick and flat . it felt dirty and dry . i've heard some good reviews but i guess this product just isn't for everyone .
i tested this on my three teen nephew boys and it seemed to work great . cleared up their faces well . i would recommend it .
i thought i was just buying a cheep retractable cord dryer ... it works better than all of my salon quality dryers ! so happy .
i'm used to the product , it really protect your skin and i like the finish on my skin , it makes that my blush last longer
this is a high quality product . love the color . great price . easy to use . bare minerals foundation is highly recommended !
this is my favorite cologne and the price offered here is the best i have found anywhere . i will continue to buy it here as i need it .
the color and sheen is nice , but the gloss itself goes on too thick for my tastes , and the smell is chalky and off putting .
this nail polish really seems like it had been watered down , as if they poured nail polish remover in it
wonderful scent , not too overpowering and easy to use pouch.love the simple human products . gentle on your hands also .
i was given a sample of this product and loved it . i have an oily complexion and this product helps keep it under control ,
this is the safest way i know of to get tan , now . tanning bed are out , and so is bathing in the sun .
this is a light moisturizer for all skin types . nothing fancy or super emollient but great for everyday light moisturizing .
this is so pretty , and well made ... but it is so darn heavy , that you have to have super thick hair to hold it up .
it goes on nicely , it's a rich black and goes on very well , unlike pencil eyeliner where you have to cake it on .
it works i'm so in love , the only downside is how do you properly get those hard angles done if your wrist won't bend that way
this is a good every day facial scrub that doesn't seem to cause any negative reactions to my skin . leaves my skin feeling really soft .
i completly love this palette ! ! use it almost every day . perfect for smokey eyes . it really is a must have .
i love all of my real techniques brushes .. if you are thinking about ordering some , stop thinking and just do it ! you won't regret it .
these little stickers are fun and cute and they look really look pretty on nails and they do stick and there are 10 beautiful colors
this product is absolutely wonderful . cleared my breakouts without being too harsh on my skin , and helped produce a fresh glow . will purchase again .
curly hair gal here its one of the best brushes but not the best brush its build well my hair still gets pulled out a lot
this was perfect to keep my plates safe and organized . fits multiple brands of plates . i would certainly recommend to others in the future .
i have really dry thick hair and i hate it ... this oil calms my hair down and puts a nice shine to it .
great seller . great product . i love this soap for my face ; it cleared up all all all all all my acne within 2 weeks .
i like this product texture its very smooth on lips but the color is nude so its like a transparent shine on lips but its too good .
without killing your skin . i'm a dry person who still gets pimples and this works great . even on the giant under the skin deep ones
really great skin cream . i bought it because of the tv commercials , and i'm happy that i did . i'll rebuy when my supply runs out .
works good for stamping . the bottle is smaller then expected for how much it costs but it works . i would buy again .
i order the containers because i was making homemade lip balm . the containers are smaller than what i expected , but the job got done .
this item is just as described . i really love it ! ! i would recommend this item to anyone ! thanks so much !
very nice quality . it goes on very smooth and stays on for a long time . i would recommend this product
this product is great to give or receive as a gift ... i would definitely recommend this product to friends and family members .. shany cosmetics is great cosmetics line
this stuff is amazing . it smells great , goes on nice and frothy and makes me feel extremely clean . i felt very manly after using it .
love this ! dries nails immediately.would recommend this to everyone who loves doing there nails and hate having to wait forever to dry !
these were a trill to work with , you can really makes some wonderful designs on yours are someone else's nails .
got my dotting pens after about 2 1/2 weeks , totally forgot about it so it's was a great surprise . they are true to the picture and sturdy .
did work of me don't buy it was a waste of time and money ! just go and get a brand with 2 % hydroquinone in .
it better than any brush , sponge or even hand / finger application of foundation and concealer . follow the directions closely to make it work its magic .
it works just fine for keeping up the falsies . this holds better than several other kinds of adhesive that i have tried .
softttti love this brush ! no fall out ( yet , and hopefully never ) makes a great blush brush and blends makeup well :)
adorable and bright colors . would order again when i run out . easy to apply with tweezers and stay on with glue .
anyone who wants a great detox footbath or who wants to leave your face feeling invigorating and new should try this . it is wonderful !
i really like this cancelear , because it . soros very well , never show the rinkles and hydrate my skin .
love this bb cream ... made my face feel so soft and it covers well ... easy to blend ... great to use alone or under foundation
i am a new make up artists and i freelanced and i have my own clientele . my clients love it and they even purchased it
first time ordering , even hearing , about fimo canes . received them after watching youtube tutorials . love the 3d affect they give when i do nails !
one of my favorites ! i like the color and though it's easy to take off when you eat , still good . doesn't dry my lips
i love this as i use a bioglycolic face lotion and it does a great job protecting your face from sun damage and doesn't have a strong odor .
didnt notice a difference in my hair . i used it on my face and i broke out because i'm mildly allergic to glycerin .
this is a nice hand cream that left my hands soft and a nice scent . my husband enjoys using it also , would buy again .
if yo uare getting this for removal - be aware it is very strong . go with a lesser version , it won't hurt as bad . very effective .
i am very happy with this stand . i used it for my nail polish but ended up ordering more for my other cosmetics .
have to get used to the different type of scent it has to grow on you and i had to spray a couple times to enjoy .
another great set of plates from this company . waiting on more sets to come out ! ! !
you can't beat this product for the price and the size of the bottle ! ! ! i sue it for my neck area .
i like doing my own nails at home and this is a great product to use ! the price was great as well !
it's not as easy to use as they make it look on tv.it didn't work for me it does not go smooth .
los diseños y la calidad de las placas son excelentes muy bonitas , ya los he probado y estoy muy contenta .
i like this cleanser my skin does look brighter . when you get to your late 40 ' s you need something to start brightening your skin .
theyre ok but i dont know how to put them on myself so theyre kind of useless right now . they are really pretty colors though .
love this serum , very effective ... a lil dry but it moisturize very well . actually is great for summer time because is not greasy at all .
to get enough glitter you must be careful you don't get too much polish . very small specks of multi colored glitter adds shine .
the power is not very high , which i was really hoping for . it's much less than that of the conair infiniti .
i love this hair dye . it's hard to find equivalent shades in american brands . will be repurchasing other shades to try in the future !
great product . got 2 weeks before expected delivery date . but missing a couple bows no more than 3 missing . i would use them again .
i've used few flat irons , but this one is so far the best . i highly recommend it .
love them , loved the price , love the quality and love the size ... i will order some more really soon ... and i got get on time !
this lotion is ok . i don't know how much it helps me tan , but it doesn't have the strong smell that most lotions do .
my answer to my hair prayer ! ! ! a must try .. along with the mist-er right , and deva curl ultra defining gel formerly deva care arc angel
i am a big fan of charlie . i like the others but this is the original . i myself like the original best but love revlon products
perfect day and night serum for your face - i wish it came in a bigger bottle ! great stuff for you face
the product is good .. i just have not learned to use it to well . i should read the directions a little better
; been using for a few years and love the results and smell ; great leave in conditionser espcially fo the summer
hii just loved all the colors ! they went with like every outfit of mine ! i had fun mixking colors ; the neon ones are my sisters favorite .
it works great if after a while ur nails are sticky at the end just put alcohol on ur nails and put them in again
i haven't used this products but i think i'm going to get the best of it is very nice i like it
the brush came apart a glue and it fine small bowl great for facials love the measuring spoons great for mixing just the right amount of facial creams
i'm a guy and i don't know why it feels that way while i'm shampooing . it also doesn't seem to thicken my hair at all either .
this was a good purchase . i get all the colors and have a variety to play around with . i like this product a lot .
the only complaint i have is i haven't found a way to make them last or stay on my nails however i think that's a problem on my part .
i love mary kay products ! it has a silky feel to it and it really moisturizes the skin throughout the day !
i didn't plan to purchase this color but my husband surprised me so i'm game .
this is our new swimming staple . we clean our hair with it and we clean our suits with it . it does a fantastic job .
this is a sweet but spicy amber , and has reasonable staying power . it's a nice size for my purse , and a smooth feeling while applying .
very roomy and spacious very good quality and holds everything comfortablly . i recommend this to everyone i know . very good as a gift
works good in my hair and it's not drying . it has a nice smell and it does't leave my hair flakey .
excellent on being a fast ship , quick dry , self leveling and a great shine . great value and it last for months !
i could tell no difference in this product and the rogaine i buy at the drug store . it is thicker so i like the rogaine better .
fantastic deal . can't beat the price . i shared with my daughter-in-law because there's so much . really good value for the price .
love the thicker consistency of this cream , to soften and soothe winter dry skin . and in my favorite fragrance too !
this is a muted green . i paired it with a sparkling green and it was nice . i have't tried it by itself though .
sorry , this did not have any note of vanilla at all . it is creamy , lathers well but the smell was very disappointing for me .
nice cream . heavy until it soaks in . but not greasy feeling . and it does leave your skin soft . so overall pretty happy with it .
nexxus youth renewal lifts hair at the roots , creating a fuller look . this product also seems to make blow drying faster .
this is a really nice soap and lathers up perfectly . great for both my face and for shaving my legs .
didnt like this foundation to pale and oily for my skin i wouldn't recommend this product especially if you have oily skin .
i dont like all the shapes but this was a great buy and i needed some more nail rhinestones . woop .
this product is very good , this is a wonderful experience online . i will buy this item again online . it's new . ~ ~ ~
i like the way they look an they r easy to do they r just right if u like nails long ...
really works well . its the best conditioner i ever used period . excellent smell too . i would more than one at a time .
this is awesome moisturizer , it feels icky or sticky at first but once it absorbs it leaves your skin super soft . i love it .
this is the best treatment for my nail . i just have to keep putting on every 2-3 days for the best results .
i like how it stays on your lips for hours .. it is quite refreshing to know that you dont need to keep on re-applying your lipstick every hour ..
this is a great product for thinning hair coverage . simple to use and i like the applicator that allows me to spray the product when parting my hair .
great product ! it really does work to help your hair from breaking off while blow drying !
don't bother with this product . hair looks shiny when first sprayed on - but the effect disappears as soon as the product dries and you step outside .
i received this in the mail today and tried it out . the bristles are a little to soft but other than that , it's a good brush .
the nautica blue for men is an excellent fragance at an excellent price , here in colombia where i live this costs much more !
this product literally is amazing ! ! it not only makes my hair soft and silky but also keeps it healthy looking ! ! ! love it ! !
this powder is wonderful . cuts shine instantly and is sheer , doesn't give you that ghostly white look ! doesn't dry out your skin either !
just to let you'll know , she really does love that applicator , it's a good idea and i'm glad you showed it to me . thank you ...
i love this hair dryer ! it is powerful and really does reduce drying time . the price i paid was less than retail and a great value .
i am a blond with unruly brows . i have used this brow mousse for several years , and it's the best for taming my brows without clumping them .
this was obviously purchased for my wife . she likes it and it does the job . just make sure you have a base before you start using it .
it made my hair feel super soft and hydrated . loved the towel and with all the extras it is an awesome deal .
hydrates the skin after cleansing-i have spent a lot more for some cleansers to do this . great price , great product
great set for diy masks ! although the brush is completely useless , everything else was wonderful
rinses out very easily yet very thick and rich in consistency . not too perfumy , a clean neutral smell . not toofemmy .
awesome dotting tools . as described and sent in a timely manner . great quality and pretty to look at . great for nail art
works great for dry skin . leaves a shimmer . helps stretch marks and other blemishes on the body disappear . i use it everyday .
bought this for my daughter so she could be a chesire cat for halloween . she likes the hard dye and it did wash out eventually .
hope it works well , i have read that this is good for skin . i will keep on using it as suggested
idk why it is in my reviews if i did not purchase this product that is so weird but ok
this is made from good quality steel , basic , fairly unbreakable . not much to it really.price was pretty good too .
the color shows up a little lighter than i thought but it is still nice . good quality product . f f
great face wash . nice little exfoliating factor too . i can get oily skin and it's sensitive and this is a great face wash for me .
i love this brush .. blends under eye concealer flawlessly .. very soft and dense bristles . a must have in girl makeup kit .. i love it .
wish i had these sooner . they work for so many different things .. would order these nail art tools a second time .
this is a good sharpener for the nyx jumbo pencils and as a regular eye pencil sharpener . good for the price
i was disappointed with the color as it was much closer to bronze than gold . i found that it chipped easily too .
these brushes are so soft . i often find myself reaching for them everyday . they are my go to brushes . i love them .
bought this for a gift , made a hit with my youngest son who is 45 years old .
this conditioner seems to stop working after a few uses . now it just seems to make my hair dull and not very moisturized .
this one is favorite cream for about a year now . my skin is hydrated throughout the day . i will purchase it again .
i love using this obagi product . i can really see the difference on my face . and i have been using it for less than a year now .
this is pretty much a professional tool with out the big prize ! works great on my nails & my friends love it also !
great stuff ! lasts a really long time and i made with quality ingredients . my all time favorite face wash . lots of product for the price .
i like the product because of its fragrance and its smoothness . i need it to take care of my sensitive skin .
they were just like the picture , vivid colors and just the right size not too big and in its container , not dissapointed !
this headband was cute but once i tryed to put i on it broke apart i think it's terrible quality .
love this product . good for the eye area , easy to use and plan on ordering more once i ran out . excellent service by the seller .
the nail forms worked great with powder acrylic . each time i used them my nail looked great and strong .
it's okay . it's not the best brush . maybe it just didn't work well with my choice in concealer . the foundation end is better .
very light , looks good as an undereye brightener . staying power not so great but its easy to chuck in your handbag to reapply .
i had purchased one prior and my daughter used it when she was visiting . she loves it . high adjustable heat and professional grade love it
this is literally the best stuff you can put on your face . i wonder why us brands haven't made a similar product because this stuff is amazing .
these are so much fun for using in your nail art creations , my daughter loves them ! so much fun for doing nails !
i didnt see no growth and its too many pills you have to take in one day and the kinda big which i didnt mind its just the quanity .
set of 5 nail files at introduction price ! ! ! premium manicure crystal ... cheeky ... these are great ordered several sets . super price as well .
first time using it and i like all roc products . its a great eye cream but im also using the roc deep wrinckle cream
well constructed with strong tines . i'm not sold on the infused plastic actually helping make hair softer , but even without that the pick is a decent buy .
i purchase this product when i think it will exfoliate my face from the acne spot but realy it did nothing
i really thought this powder would set my makeup up but instead it made my face look pretty cakey and i didn't like that .
nice soft color , stays on long with shine . , no smears on glasses or cups . i don't need lipliner with this lipstick it stays in place .
infact i just did my nails this color last night . i am obsessed w / gelish products thank you so much smiles
great highlighter . gives you a dewy look but you have to make sure that you are light handed because a little goes a long way .
hard to find . i always have got complements when i wear these colors and it has become hard to fine . glad i did .
although i received this product for free that does not mean that my review is biased . awesome product ! i would definitely recommend
i love the way my skin looks when i peel these off , it's a quick fix for puffiness . will reorder
i love this color . it is a very bright , neon florescent pink . stays in your hair pretty well . i would recommend .
this is very good mineral powder . i love the " water-base " feel on my face . it was a good price with fast shipping .
the colors are nice ! the size is good and it match with the descriptions of the product . good price for the ítem .
i especially like the dimethecone in this product . it really softens and fills the lines in my face . will buy again
excellent for the price . i bought these for practice and for my middle school art club who is learning nail art .
i bought this , works okay . i haven't tried too many eye primers . but nothing really works better than a white highlighter eye pen .
the yummiest soap i have ever used ! nice lather , pleasant scent and a good clean feeling afterwards ! i am totally hooked and will be ordering more
love these shadows the colors are awesome and easy to blend . i have a few of these and enjoy wearing them
this product is ok when you put it on it feel has if it does not have any moisturizer in it because my face was dry .
great value ! beautiful colors , so many different ones to choose from . a few are pretty similar but nonetheless awesome ! i'm happy with this purchase .
i have used this soap mainly over the winter months it isn't all that chocalaty but smells rich and makes leaves you skin moisturized and smooth .
a very effective conditioner that is pleasant to use . i've withheld a star only because of the price .
i got this for myself since i am a makeup artist and it came in handy . im so glad i found it and bought it .
1 lb is smaller than i expected , but well packaged , good quality . i used for baking and beauty products with good results .
very poor quality item . did not work at all as described . mirror was distorted and product was cheaply made plastic .
smells so good ! and it is a great product for my wild , dry , frizzed out hair . use it - love it !
i love other nioxin products , but this one is useless . the treatment system 2 really works . i like the garnier fructis fiber gum so much better .
i like it very much . it keep my skin smooth , and that's why i will keep buying it . i recommend .
a good pusher for that price ! need to be a lil carefull and maybe soak your cuticles in warm soap water first and then use the tool .
works good thought would be a little sharper really have to scrub hard for it to work but for the price it's not bad .
a little big and hard to use but good for applying eyeshadow on the lid . not so much for blending .
product is very nice . it cleans my pores and makes my skin feel smooth and look much healthier . its a must have .
my daughters love makeup ! ! and this is such a great gift for them without it being too pricey . thanks again shany ! !
these are good quality brushes at a good price . if you are looking for an eye makeup starter set , i'd go wtih these .
i have so many different pink polishes that were either too light or too dark but this one is absolutely perfect ! i'm going to buy two more bottles !
my daughter and her frenz had a blast with these colors . now i just need to find glow in the dark body paint
i haven't opened them or used them . i'm just basing my opinion on it being glue at a reasonable price .
if you are looking for something to handle just plain dry skin , this works , but even better it works well for itches and irritation .
this eyeshadow doesin't show up even if you put the base on with it but if you put it on without the base it does show up a little .
all great , i was happy with the item and what i paid for it . no regrets . i would recommend to others . 8
i really like this top coat except that it smells horrible ( but this is not a problem ) it gives great shine to your nails
i love this product . i've tried so many products , and this one removes all makeup without drying out my skin , especially the sensitive eye area !
i've never needed special face stuff until after 35 - - - i've had many compliments on my skin.having clear skin brings out a youthful appearance .
very good . the no . 1 separates lashes perfectly and number 2 gives volume without creating lumps . do not run and is long lasting
i bought this to match my dress for the us navy ball and it matched perfectly ! ! it goes on easy and wears well .
i like the color but it was kind of thick and clumpy . it dried well and looked good after and i would buy it again .
it is a little greasy . but it is a very good cream for dry skin like mine . i have been used several bottles and still love it .
my kids love this shampoo , and i like the value . it leaves their hair perfectly clean , and they love the smell and characters.would recommend .
i love this wand . it creates great curls and i like that i can lower the temperature to protect my hair .
i love this gel ! it has a light scent and it absorbs quickly after being applied . a little goes a long way .
very good conditioner - smells good . good price for the product . i used to use wen but it's so expensive .
this set is a great way to try many of these great smelling soaps - they are very small but they have lasted me a month each !
purchased these and the real techniques set for comparison , these are great brushes though a couple of them are rather large for the eye area in my opinion .
i have used this product off and on for a few years and don't really see a big improvement . just ok in my estimation .
i love this taupe-y pink shade . it is pretty unique , and i like it for most seasons . it's got good opacity and is easy to apply .
the order arrived on time , smells good ! the downside is that it is not impregnated or clothes on the skin either , looks like it's diluted ...
i recommend this hair dryer.had good reviews online.dries my hair well and fast , less frizz ( almost none actually ) . gives my hair a natural shine .
great conditioner with benefits . it makes the highlights just sparkle with the added benefit of softness . highly recommend this product .
this serum soaks right into your skin without leaving a tacky residue . i like to use it at night underneath my other lotions and potions .
this is very easy to use . i like the color smoke , and the eyeliner pen makes it so very easy to apply .
it has sylisic acid in it .. it's really hard on your skin . my skin was in horrible shape after i used this ..
this palette is absolutely gorgeous ! ! all the colors are very pigmented and very high quality ! ! very highly recommended.great for beginners through pro's ! !
i spend a lot of time in the sun so this product was a natural choice for me ! i would most definitely recommend !
i don't know , since i just started using this . but my skin has never felt so soft since i started using this .
great deal for what your paying.my sister couldnt been happier with the quality the colors had . would definetly buy from the gift shop again .
this is an orange color , not pink or red , in the sun its orange . it might make a good fall color .
smells like apricots , creamy lather , hair appears smoother but no more moisture than any other product . feels gentle and not harsh
i have gotten good compliments on this cologne . i am often asked by people i work with " what are you wearing ? it smells really good . "
this is one of my favorite gelish colors ! it is a beautiful dark red with glitter - just love it !
small inexpensive way to try perfumes . this was ok but i didn't love it . not too strong , just not what i was looking for
i personally feel that my oily , acne prone skin does much better with witch hazel toner . this one has a pleasant smell also :) .
really nice and its really helpful . it makes my hair in the correct way and looks nice and handsome . love it
the chi is a good product for all different type of hair , i will recommend this to anyone that's trying to grow there hair in a healthy way .
its a lot darker in person so this color is not for me . it is very creamy and glides on nicely , tho
it's a good perfume and texture . i like it.but when it's dicreased , i'm disappointed thatit's not easy to put out .
i bought this for a grab bag gift for christmas . hopefully , who ever picks it out of the grab bag will like it .
best pusher ever . the edge is narrow enough to push effectively but smooth enough that it doesn't gouge the nail .
very nice towelette . it cleans well , removing dirt and any trace of facial oil . the scent is very nice as well . i will buy again .
i love this mint mask it smells good and it dries out my acne and blemishes . i recommend this product
love these ! great selection of colors and i would certainly recommend these to anyone who likes to do nail art .
didn't see a major difference when using this on eczema . was hoping it would really work . would not buy again .
why did this get discontinued . it's super dark and glides on smoothly , then stays all day . what more do you want in an eyeliner ?
i like these cause you can make your plain nail look like you went and had them done , and it give you a chance to be crafty
love it ! and after the uv light , it's not sticky , doesn't need wiped with alcohol
this product works so well . im ago brazilian and i love the way this product makes my hair feel .
this was great the design possibilities are endless . the kids love it and it is easy to use . it was easy to order and came it quickly .
wonderful skin care product , have used it for ages and plan to continue . also very good price here and the seller is great to work with .
nice bright but not overpowering . nice color ( not weird ) . applies easily with a brush and blends into surrounding makeup . buy it .
these were the exact size i needed to do the sunset and palm tree manicure i wanted they are well made and the bristles are good quality . happy .
this was a pretty quick delivery . works great you dont have to worry about the polish spilling all over . great idea
one of the best cheap shampoo's out there . i love the smell and it makes my hair feel soft . would buy again for sure !
this stuff really does protect your hair from heat , and i will continue to use it . no greasy build up . just good stuff .
looooooved this color . it's just the greatest light periwinkle that you could ever hope to find ! ! this is a great buy .
i like this shampoo . it works great for thick hair and doesn't seem to leave a residue like so many others .
this really does what is says , i'm loving it . i'll definitely buy this product again in the future because for me it works
i really like this cuticle oil and it's packaged really well to travel with me in purse everywhere . i was pleasantly surprised by its nice smelling fragrance .
this seems to really moisturize my face well . i put it on under my makeup and have never had a problem . would buy this again .
i got a good quality of cocoa butter and don't have to use a lot of it for my hair and body butter mixes .
it's fine , even though rated with high marks i prefer oz natural's version better . not as good as oz naturals .
this hair clip is very light weight . it's not at all what i expected . i wouldn't recommend this one .
they were really thick and took some time to get used to but i loved them . all you had to do was looken them and they worked great .
i love finding new stamping plates to play with ! all worked great ! i got all 25 with no missing or repeated plates !
love how she displays the colors on real nails ! it helps with deciding on the color you would want to buy !
i use it for the red spots and acne on my face and it seems to help . it is cheap and works so i'm happy with the buy .
i really like this priduct . i would recommend it . many colors and choices to choose from . good for any occasion .
i like the rather sharp end of this cuticle pusher and the tool seems well made . this is the best such tool i've owned yet .
i like it , its not to big and not to small , has a strap for carrying and comes with a lock and key .
notice clear and fresh complexion after 1st use . i know i will use and recommend . will try facil scrub next n
not bad , it came within just 3 days after my order . the nails weren't all over the place . there were nicely input .
i am really satisfied with my purchase of these brushes . they work very well and are of great quality . great bang for your buck , .
my teenage daughter is very involved in theatre - ordered these for her stage make-up and was very happy with the quality !
love this color . it looks amazing in any light and i get a ton of compliments when i wear it .
love this face powder ! pores disappears and makes your skin look smoother and younger . apply over your make up !
i did not like this soap . it is very messy and does not work for me and neither for my daughter .
i use this product everyday . it cleans my face really well . i recommend to all woman and teens to help keep your face looking great .
not high quality but they work great . just cant figure out what is for what .
these clippers look good in the picture but they are hard to use because of the design . i kind of regret that i bought them .
flimsy and cheaply made . not at all happy . will go back to revlon or tweezerman . not worth spending the time or energy to return .
this is an absolutely perfect classic red color , and like all shellac products , super shiny , no chips and long lasting ... love !
love this very pink and peachy and stays on for hours and true to color , i wear this as a base and then top with revlon peach petal
very pretty wig and it does not look synthetic . would recommend , it was a little tight on my head and i have no hair ( twa ) .
i wear very black mascara and full coverage foundation . it removes everything easily and keeps my skin soft . i wished i had discovered that many years ago .
i was amazed at how tiny this was ! maybe it's my fault for not checking the dimensions & doing the math , but seriously it's small ..
the color is almost the same as visible online . it stays on great . i can't stop saying i love it .
i bought this as a gift for a teenage girl . the makeup brushes are soft and don't shed and the bag is a good size .
just started using this and i find the smell neutral more than masculine . it allows me to mildly tan and not burn . i like it .
this is more for carrot redheads not strawberry blondes like me . maybelline makes an eyebrow pencil for blondes that works better for redheads like me .
i wear these every time i do my nails - they make me worry less about the uv damage to my hands . they're great quality .
this train case is so adorable and is the perfect item for carrying all my makeup around ! and the color is just a big plus ! !
i love this bright pink-almost fluorescent under the right lights . looks great with every skin tone . goes on easy and looks great . arrived quickly .
it has a good smell but fades a bit . i liked it but after a while i didnt no i didnt regret buying it but it was just okay
this is my favorite color . it goes on evenly and 2 two coats for complete coverage . it's a very pale pink . just beautiful !
you cannot go wrong with sigma . these brushes are awesome . i love my sigma brushes . i will continue to buy these brushes always .
flawless look . i love this , it works just like the bare minerals product , but for a lot cheaper of a price .
does moisturize and smells decent but does not moisturize as well as i thought it would . . . .
these are worth every penny you spend you have so many sizes to choose from and you can work with them !
this is the perfect kit for any girl and for the perfect price ! there are so many different beautiful bright colors to choose from !
the shellac top and base coat were fresh and look great ! coupled with the uv dryer , i am very satisfied .
i really like this blend . it has a woody scent which is very grounding . i think the grounding scents are good for promoting harmony .
this product is amazing . i love how it curls my hair , but looks more like beach waves than curly sue.perfect for what i was looking for !
i gave this to my sister as part of her christmas present . she loved it & wanted to know where i got it .
i bought assuming it would be the same results as on tv and not even close . i will not buy again . what a waste of money ...
love the density of the brush and the design . haven't used it yet for liquid foundation , i actually use it for blush
i had this product . it did nothing at all . its serves no purpose . waste of two bucks
this product works better than most drug store-type shampoos , but i think i'm spoiled with alterna products . would definitely use if i had to do without alterna .
thank you for the viviscal - i have been using for 2 1/2 months and already see a difference in my hair . thanks again ! !
a truly beautiful color , and looks great with silver or white nail art . one of my favorite gelish colors so far .
very moisturizing body wash that smells great . this body wash feels good on your skin as well and lasts quite a while .
you can smell pear and fruity aroma . it doesn't last long . it is a good gift for your g . f , bottle is cute and girly .
i love using these with my gel polish . i can make fun polka dot designs and hearts . they are well worth the small amount i paid .
this sucked . even though it took off the fake lashed it took me 2hrs . and lost alotof my natural lashes . beware
these colors are perfect for fall and winter . colors go on easily with a brush with little to no fall out . they also blend easily .
it has very light colors . maybe it is good for someone who does not know how to wear make up .
works like the strongest stuff you can get at the store . seems like it is slightly less expensive online versus the store .
amazing colors and glitters . i cant believe the price for such a full set . i wish they had more sets .
this is a really great brush to buff in your foundation . it provides fuller coverage than a flat foundation brush but it's faster to use .
i rub this thing the wrong way and it gets a puncture . cheap and will not buy again . disappointed with this purchase .
i purchased this to wear over midnight caller and i love it ! i will try it over other colors as well .
best lip stick on planet earth . dries matte and lasts 8 + hrs . i've bought 3 now . i will never stop using this .
this stuff looks really cool with a nice base coat . i really thought it was cool to watch it dry and break apart .
love these satin rollers . gentle on hair . comfy to sleep in . very inexpensive . i recommend . buy it now . great investment , .
i like the variety of pearl sizes however it is a struggle to turn the wheel . besides that it's fine .
it does work.sadly i am terrible with my hair so it doesnt get much use . i wish there was a smaller size !
this is a really nice , clean face wash . don't get near your eyes . it leaves your skin feeling very revived and clean .
like omg here love it their a lot got them to day and happy with the striping i got thank you
i enjoyed this wig i wear it for about a month loved the little dash of color i would buy again
this product works for a few hours ; longer than others i have tried ... it works longer if you don't eat anything .
i am a regular user of philosophy products . can't go wrong with philosophy . it visibly adds a glow to your skin .
this is by far the best moroccon oil on the market . keeps my hair from being frizzy and also keeps it from damage .
love this ! ! i use this highligter everyday ! it is comprable to the mac highlighter at a much more affordable price !
perfect color , super cute , and good for any day time into night time transition look . fairly long lasting , and can't beat the price :-)
i've used it about 6 times and it seems to cleanse the face quite well . a little bit of a smell but that's okay ; it's not unbearable .
it's okay i bought this off of a youtube review lets just say not everyone has the same skin type
bought this primarily to clean make up brushes . since it takes a few applications i am not going to try it on my hair .
i got these n didnt realize that they were rubbery , i cant seem to get them to stay on my nails and i have tried just about everything .
this is a perfect gift for a teenager experimenting with makeup .. enough different shades of eyeshadow to play around with the create bright looks and neutrals ! !
this is not diluted and i use it almost always in a warmer mixed with chamomile , lemon and spearmint for a nice relaxing fresh scent
oh my , this is a beautiful color ! the opi products have yet to disappoint me . this is creamy , smooth and gorgeous !
this color really seems to mix with a lot of the pale summer colors without losing it's effect . it still stands out .
dries fast , good shine but shine doesn't seem to last long . it was ok .. i will continue to use it though .
great product as i have experienced with many different wen products try it you will like it like no other
these are subtle enough to wear on a daily basis whereas many others seem like they should only be worn on special occasions .
i like this eye cream but expensive . it is a very small quantity but i like it . i will probably buy it again .
i have larger than normal nail beds and they were fine , i think those with petite hands will find them too wide .
not exactly what i expected . however , it works ok . will keep it because it would cost more to send it back than to keep it .
great product but , be careful will cause cystic acne if hair is on face daily with the use of this product
cheap and the bristles aren't too scratchy ( they are a bit scratchy but that's good ) . i would purchase again at this price .
arm yourself with these and you're set to go . not expensive and an easy way to acquire a variety of buffers . useful .
it is a really pretty smell . i love it . i purchased one for my sister-in-law and one for myself.it ' s lovely
these work great for doing french manicures at the house . you just peel and stick , paint your nails and peel off . what's not to love .
my 23 year old bearded nephew loves this thing . it carries it with him to comb his beard and mustache .
the clear ones leave residue etc that is gross and looks kind of yellowed , i really need to up my game on getting this stuff off , though
stays in place , keeps first and second toe from overlapping and squeezing together , preventing pain and ingrown nails . i have bunions .
i use these for making small gifts for friends . a little essential oil and water , and you have a great mister of fragrance .
this jovan white musk is just like the muski remember from my early years . i wouldrecommend it to anyone who likes the musk scentit is light and pleasant .
a little strong for my likeing . really dried up my skin and lines appeared more visable . i will not re-purchase .
this is a fantastic product . dry's quickly & durable . as my others run out , this will replace all my other clear top coats .
this product is great , my son has light curls and it tangles a lot ... this product makes hair soft and brushing easy .
i love anastasia products , but this pencil did not glide on so easily . i much prefer her brow powders . would not purchase again .
i love the size of it - it feels so soft and it fits just right in my hand . i would definitely recommend !
very comfortable size for the purse . smooth & with pretty design . fits right into the hand . will buy it again .
how can something that is supposed to be so good for your body smell so foul . this product works but i just need to get over the smell .
mostly great ingredients . i use it weekly for co-washing and after cleansing my type 4 natural hair . i love it !
it's what i needed , but not quite what i wanted . it does the job and it was a good price .
i love the smell on my husband . it leaves his skin soft and smelling amazing for a very long time even when he sweats . happy customer
it's a good one . covers well , glittery look . i like it . i would re-buy this any day yeah . :)
awesome lotion for anyone that seems to turn orange like me . i have no problems with this lotion . very deep brown color . natural looking tan
the only problem i have with this is that if you twist too much liner out it breaks when you are applying it .
this product does nothing . im only 30 , with minor issues , and it did nothing for my lines . i do not recommend .
very tiny but pretty . probably wont order this again , but a great first timer starter or student would benefit . ;)
okay concealer but not enough product for the pricei use concealer everytime with makeup and this dryed out in about 1 week
i don't like the scent ! i learned my lesson never buy cheap stuff !
first i bought shampoo , than decided to buy conditioner . it has nice smell and doesn't leave my hair greasy . plus it's safe and affordable
these turned out to be my favorite so i bought another set . i use them a lot on my fondant cakes , etc .
i love this perfume , smells great and last for the entire day . this is my second bottle and i would buy it again
i bought this because i used to use it time ago and i always loved it . it is sweet and everyone likes it
it's ok . it's nice to pamper yourself a little and it feels great going on . but results - i'm not so sure .
the right color and the right company go hand in hand ... what a winner here . hope they never stop making it .
really i think will be different color as we see but it wasnt same pink color all of them ; 0
lubriderm is very good for very dry skin . it rubs on smooth and soothing to the skin . i am very happy with this product .
exactly what i was looking for title says it all they are cute , i would recommend this product without a doubt !
have not been very impressed . no results & i do use it daily .. have not found anything to there that really helps .
this concealer has a nice tan like color . it does give a pretty good coverage and doesn't feel heavy on the skin .
i buy all time they look good . buy them they look very nice.lot for money . look like your lash . nice buy
one of my favorite wigs ! it is very full and looks real ! truly a great wig for your money !
this thing did nothing for me . cheaply constructed and did not solve the problem i wanted it to solve . won't buy this again .
finally i have found a solution to decades of itchy , flaky scalp . this conditioner along with the primrose and lavender shampoo . magnificent .
easily the best eyeshadow on earth , lol . it is the exact color you see on your screen and it is so beautiful !
great price , and they work nice . they are a little hard to clean , but i would order them again if needed .
i love these , and i was very surprised at the amount . these have given me so many styling patterns ! ! they are great ! !
when will i get this item is really want it , this is a very long waiting period to wait to get something from onlne
love how affordable these are , they are good quality and great if you costume a lot . they are thick and far from natural
essie polishes never disappoint . nice tan / nude shade . beautiful ! looks really good on lighter skin tones but still just as good on darker skin tones .
i have been using this product since it first hit the shelves several years ago , it works and it smells great .
flimsy and cheap certainly not what i expected i had had this brush sent to me free when ordering skincare facial kits from skincare company's ..
i love it especially the vanilla in it.this is very sexy and strong too but not too strong .
learning how to use them . they do make a good dot with nail polish . can also make kind of a line
this three part system is great . again , i was able to alleviate my chronic dry skin with this system . i'll purchase it again .
i have tried many olay products over the years , and they never disappoint me . right now this is the only tinted moisturizer i use .
just what i needed to do all the cool new nail designs . seem to be made well and easily cleaned up .
good idea ... but they are too tight . they cut off my circulation . i use them on my daughter . . .
it is a nice moisturizer and it works really well to give you a light tan that looks natural . i'm not a big fan of the smell though .
i have really bad scars on my face that are purplish brown . this covers exceptionally well , very thick and solid .
i wanted a tan cream for the month i bought at a tanning salon . i liked this product very much . it helped me get tan .
color is bright and pretty , but does not last 10 hours . i have had to reapply during my work day .
certainly helps when shading around the crease area . i'm in love with all the sigma brushes , very durable and reliable .
exfoliates and leaves skin smooth .. very reasonably priced on this site . good quality body wash and the container is very large .
these are cute jewelry , especially considering the price.way better than any bubble gum stuff.they really look like hello kitty.that darn cat , i love her so .
beautiful colors easy to use and no more that 2 coversand is ready for use good quality item , come on time
love this product ! my hair smells and feels great . does not make your hair greasy or feel weird . will repurchase again !
this is the best dry shampoo i've tried . if you are a brunette , they also have a brunette version that doesn't turn your hair white .
these work great for when you are just starting and getting a feel for the product , have family nail nights now .
this item arrived broken and didnt suit my complexion . i am african . i hear other people with my complexion say they like it .
as any toner is , its smells really strong but this one was able to help strip the color from my hair to make it white in no time .
it is as expected . it is easy to use and it last for a while if you use it correctly . i like it okay .
i have not stop using this set since i got them . they are firm , not cheap and exactly what i needed .
i purchased this to create different styles with my hair . they fit nice and don't fall out too much like other ones i have used in the past .
great product ! came in sealed package . very fast shipping . will order more .
arrived quickly and is a gorgeous shade ! perfect for summer ! definitely going to wear this out more in summer ! love it
i like these items , and the price was excellent . i use these regularly in my profession . an excellent low end product .
this is my first flat iron and i'm happy with it . heats up quickly and has a very long cord .
the second day i seen a difference in my skin .. i actually it works on another part of the body .. great product i recommend
this did not work for me very much so i gave up on tne cream . it my work for another person .
i've been using this face was for years and it was the only one that has ever worked for me consistently .
i have not had any peeling but i can feel my face tighten up so it must be working ... maybe i'll try 80 next time
this is the only product you need , all others are crap . this refining mask works overnight , unlike the other products .
this shade was too dark for me so it isn't the product that sucks just i stupidly got the wrong shade ! i love maybelline .
i've ordered from plantlife several times . and always they send you a free sample of something , they're super fast and everything is wonderful .
i purchase this as a xmas gift and i know she will enjoy using it as she has in the past .
these brushes tend to poke at my skin and irritate it . they aren't as soft and there's always hair falling out from the brush head .
this is a great travel mirror and it collapses to a fairly flat package . i can't think of anything i would change .
does what it's supposed to do and has a curved handle so that helps get everything . bristles are still enough but not too stiff for me .
this is just what i need for tired , puffy eyes . it feels so soothing and cool . love it , and will purchase again !
this eyeliner doesn't smear ! it is waterproof too . it is easy to apply ... it has a nice fine tip . no complaints .
the quality is good , but i was disappointed as the color was orangy rather than pinkish which i didn't like and will not use .
love the case the brushes came in , it arrived on time , was packaged in bubble wrap , all d brushes was there , exactly wht i saw online
yegaron en buen condision , , lo q no me gusto fue q el q corta unas no salio buen se le sale el alambre .
my favorite " flavor " . this moisturizes like no other ! great smell too .
i love this brush it feels great in my hair its really hard and i love that if only i dont keep loosing it :(
i also love this pen almay products is good . so try this pen i been putting this on my face about 2 years now it is great
so many designs to chose from ! easy to use and do ! nice collection to add to my collection of plates
sticky residue ; it's really not good for wood.try the seventh generation wood cleaner - 10x better and it smells nice too .
provides fair amount of coverage , doesn't leave a white rings , blends nicely . won't cover up all blemishes , but adequate for under-eye concealer .
purchased two bottles for christmas . they were a hit and for the price , it was well worth it . could not have been happier with this purchase .
if you are a white girl like me it is just too puffy . i straightened it with a flat iron and i love it
i just started using it and i can already see a difference around my eyes . keep it in the fridge to make it extra refreshing .
i love this mascara ! it doesn't clump and doesn't flake . you don't get the weird five huge eyelashes thing . it's fantastic !
easy to do a updo when your short on time . i dont know how i lived without one ! ! love it !
i have only been using it for a short time , but it does leave my face feeling very soft . i do use it with a moisturizer also
i absolutely love my brushes ! they're exactly as described and they definitely do exactly what i need them to do !
best musk on the market . soft and romantic , not overbearing . my favorite fragrance .
the brushes are not as small as i'd expect them to be , therefore they don't allow very accurate lines to be made which was a dissappointment
my eyes are sensitive and tear easily . i love this cream , it softened my lines and keeps the tender eye-area very soft and bright .
i was really hoping that this product would work for me . unfortunately this product did not do anything at all for me .
will buy another color good price it keep your lip nice smoothbuy it good deal pretty color last long time
i love the smell of this brush cleaner and i think it cleans my brushes nicely . the price was decent as well .
this product doesn't necessarily always work , in my opinion , but it is a lot of fun to apply and use .
these were to thick for my taste even with top coat they seem to catch on things . very pretty though .
i found the moroccanoil restorative hair mastk much too oily for my hair , plus there was a smell that i found none too pleasing .
these are perfect for what i wanted them for , nail clean up ! the tips aren't soft which makes that even easier .
i didn't really like it ... :/ it didn't meet my expectations . it just felt too rough on my scalp and hair . ended up giving it away .
sigma brushes are very easy to use . excellent high quality . this brush is great for contour the areas of the cheeks .
i use this product in combination with avoplex replenishing oil ( by opi ) and work great after ten days my nails feel strong and grow fastergood product
this was a order for my daughter she really loved it . she will be back to purchase more of this product .
i love the packaging is very cute and smell good but does not last long but it's great truth i have not anything bad about the
i use this brush with slightly damp or dry hair . it's extremely gentle and causes far less breakage than than the tangle teaser .
i like this sometimes opposed to rosewood sticks cause of the rounded edge , it's more delicate and pushes gentler . it's also durable but wipe dry or may rust
i am so in love with this brush it's very soft but get the product very welland i recommend to try it ...
my daughter has used these once and thinks they are pretty neat . i bought them for her and i to share .
i love the way this mascara goes on and looks , but it is not smear , sweat or waterproof . don't cry or you'll have raccoon eyes !
i have been using it from past seven days and i have no complains so far and it is good on me .
sent back - didn't do a thing for me . i wanted to like it but , wishing for results & getting them no .
i found out this is not a all natural ingredients item.so i couldn't use t because i have vowed to only use all natural ingredients items
the dryer works well . all settings are correct . i love the retractable cord . it is a bit heavy which is better than flimsy
these are heavy and thick and sturdy and 10 different sizes in nice plastic holder , wasn't expecting much since paid so low of a price but these are great
this maybelline new york instant age rewind radiant firming makeup really rewinds your age , but you need a primer with it anyway .
my hair is so smooth afterwards i will buy this product again although i am not so sure it does my highlights any good
i think i have used all but one of these . every color matches my coloring and goes on smoothly and stays on well .
i love this exfoliator ! i have tried other exfoliators including the electric models and non have been as good as the pediquick .
enough said . you don't use a product that you can only buy via mail-order for 25 years if you don't love it .
not as deep as a fire engine red but a gorgeous color , no blue or orange . my favorite red . and i love red .
not a bad price just dont care for the product its not for me i think if this is what you my like i would say try it
this just didn't look very natural on me no matter how i applied it . i will try other colors , but copacabana was a dud for me .
i recevied my order very early i love the brush i do thank-you so much i'm glad i found all size of brush i need . god bless you
i love this product . the eyeshadows are very pigmented and pretty which i love ! i will defiantly repurchase this product !
i like the way my face feels after i apply it . i will probably will be ordering some in the near future cause i'm out of it .
very nice for hairs and gives a saloon like feeling , a must buy for frizzy hairs . very light nice fragrance .
this product was as expected . fast shipping , great price . it did go thick after one month . but overall it worked for me .
opi is the best . love the unique color . great for spring and summer . it looks especially good on the toes .
love this stuff ! in my forties and was looking for powder that won't cake up or sit in wrinkles . feels like silk and stays on well .
this is not waterproof but it does go on smoothly and is good for about an hour or two . cant complain i only paid 99cents .
lasts long , doesn't dry out my face . the smell isn't overwhelming and it clears up my skin ! good face wash .
they are good brushes i just had to glue the brush back onto a few of the handles ive only tried them once but they seem good
i thought this product was larger then they appeared . this are small pencils . i thought they were alot larger
these are pretty cool to do something different with your nail designs . they are pretty easy to use too . a lot of colors to use .
got this for my ten year old daughter and i sometimes steal it . works great on her very wavy red hair .
i bought this to put a few random things in it and keep things organized.it isn't too big or too small and the zipper isn't flimsy.great purchase .
i got this for my mom , the color in person is a tiny bit more pinkish / purplish than pictured but still a beautiful shade .
this stuff is fantastic - it's so nourishing , smells great and leave hair silky smooth and fully conditioned . a little goes a long way !
would recommend to anyone ! perfect studs for any design ! perfect size and great shine ! a must have for nail enthusiasts !
warmed up my fading hair color and kind of blended everything together . the only downfall is it covered up my highlights : /
bought this instead of pureology and did not like at all ! i tried it after reading another review on here snd was greatly disappointed ! went back to pureology
good deal for both base and top coats . opi gel polish is easy to apply and have a great color available too .
it great for the price , it leaves no traces of dirt and an nice clean tingly skin . also good for your pores
perfectly white and long lasting polish . i was able to wear it for a week and a half with no sign of wear and i type all day .
great product works great will continue to purchase it and refer it to others .. i love all nyx products
not a big deal but when i opened it one of the bulbs was broken . easy for me to go buy a new bulb but a little disappointed .
lovely neutral pink color and works well with my skin tone ( brown ) and should work well with all skin tones . feels great and moisturizes my lips .
this cologne is pretty good ima make sure before i finish this bottle ill get another one the smell is amazing
it globs up very quickly and i have only used it twice and it needed to be thrown out . not happy .
really works great ! i use it in combination with my prescription medication and it keeps my face oil free and blemish free !
i love this fall / winter color . a very deep purpley-blue and not the same as the bobbing for baubles color . looks great on all skin tones .
like it real good too i've used a couple or so bottles for my summer tanning product and it smell good
my husband uses this product daily and loves it . he usually gets it from the salon and pays at least $ 5 more .
oh boy , i made a mistake buying this item . it is so drying that i could only try it once . it arrived quickly--no complaint there .
it's okay but i could have just went to hobby lobby and found a straight needle for more than half the cost
the colors are so pigmented . great quality . will purchase again.got so many complements when i wear.last all day . no reapplying
i found these to work well they dont shed and the handles are a good sizethey work really well for nail art
grest pigment , works even better with a eyeshadow primer.only downside is the packaging , some shadows were broken :( but great product overall !
can always count on pantene pro-v to make a good product . this one delivers a nice shampoo experience and my hair is easy to manage .
found it for good price . glad to have purchased , now it's more easy to remove gelish nail polish . the smell is not annoying
there is a nice selection of sizes and these are quite comfortable to sleep on . they work great . i highly recommend them
i have sensitive skin . this lotion calms down itchy dry skin very well . i always keep it on my counter and use it all over my skin .
i have 6-7 " long african-american hair and this comb goes through my hair sooo easily and the handle is the right length .
i think this product is probley old . it comes out a very dark shade of orange . not usable at all ...
product was smaller then i expected but was definitely as described . very bright and colorful love all the options . arrived perfectly .
one squirt works for my blow dry and i think it's definitely working and it was a good buy compared to retail .
perfect for nails or decorations in scrapbooks or phones cases ! will order more when i need them . easy to cut . cute designs
simply doesn't work . it's somewhat useful for keeping brow hairs in place , but doesn't actually accelerate the growth of your eyebrows or eyelashes .
it's ok . i didnt notice any difference in my fine lines around my eyes .
i have used this avon product for years and i love it . it's smooth and creamy and glides on . i would recommend it .
at first i thought it would look too white and powdery , but this blends right in with my skin tone .
bought these as extras and they work great . nice and small case so it doesn't take up a lot of space .
this makes my hair super soft . a little goes a long way and this has a nice natural scent to it .
it looks a buffer and works like a buffer ! and you get three of them for a very cheap price !
product absorbs easily but don't find it very hydrating for " older " skin . has a nice texture and no scent which is good .
i love how dead sea has made my face glow and shine . i look and feel brand new ! amazing product and price !
this smell ! love it . i had this 9 years ago and it is just as i remembered . stays a long time and pretty packaging .
i got these to clip fakies ... and they work great ... makes it easier to shape nails and get them the perfect length .
great value here . can't go wrong with the price or quantity . it'll last me a few years at least . will buy again .
i like this dry shampoo it keeps my hair less oily so i don't have to wash it every day .
this product is amazing and 100 natural . i will definitely purchase again . it brightened my dark spots and definitely gave my skin a wonderful glow .
i even use alpha hydros foaming face wash to remove my mascara at night . it cleans my face without being harsh .
i love this palette . the shadows are so pigmented and smooth . it goes great with shany brushes . i use it every day .
didn't look as good as the ole ' ' hair donut ' does . you can feel the wire , they're just v cheap throwaway type things .
i've always loved miss jessie's products . the products are very good but a little too expensive . a good product.if you don't mind paying the price ..
i love this timeless smell.still smells the same as it always has the formula has not changed and it is always affordable .
it's my 2nd time buying this base . perfect to use alone and as base . really useful and i'll keep buying it .
the one sunscreen that doesn't make me look like i had been tipped in titanium dioxide . thank u
works very well for prepping and finishing gel nails . i used with my gelish products and am really satisfied with the lerformance
after 2 applications its a perfect coat but it does get sticky if air gets to it for too long .
i bought this product as a gift for my mother this past mother's day and she swears that she is seeing results .
she loved the vibrant colors and especially the glitter . it came with a nice velvet pouch and made a great gift .
i love this set from cheeky ! again very satisfied with the images . very well etched . i enjoy using them on my nails every time !
a true fushia which is really hard to find . very nice formular coverage is good and the color is wow !
! i received the rhinestones ... and immediately i noticed that some of the stones where outside the container . also the stones are very tiny .
price was great and the mascara was good and new did have a weird smell goes on dutifully and beautifully
with 2 coats this is a nice light lavender . i haven't tried 3 coats . like always gelish stays on . love it .
it works good for me . it does kind of have a weird smell . i was delightfully surprised when i saw it came with eyeliner .
this color is in and if you are looking for that blue box color this is definitely it . goes on smooth comes off easy and doesn't stain cutilces .
the nail tape does what it's supposed to do , and it arrived quickly . who could ask for more ? not this lady !
great moisturizer for around the eyes ... not sure about the lifting though . can't recommend for that , although it may work for others .
just as the picture shows . pleased . ! ! ! some of the brushes were bent and some needed to be re-glued but for the price can't complain .
great price ( better than at the salon ) and the best shampoo i've ever used ! i'll never use another one .
i love this stuff for highlighting my face when doing makeup ! i just seem to go through it really fast and it's not super cheap :(
this is my favorite eye makeup ! it is easy to apply and makes the best eyebrows for me as mine are thinning .
i love this eye roller . it's soothing , moisturizing and aids in minimizing fine lines . i would recommend this product to a friend .
does not cover well , does not last long , cakes up by the end of the day . way to expensive based on performance .
after reading the reviews i thought i could tolerate the smell but it really bothered me . it wasn't as easy to spray as i thought .
there are other clear mascaras that work . this was too watery , causing it to not hold lashes as well as other brands . would not purchase again .
these are a great price and work so well especially to take off glitter polish you really have to soak your nails like this .
i bought this specifically to carry in my small sling purse . it works wonderfully with my thick heavy hair . very very pleased with this purchase .
i bought this spa sonic skin care system - 7 piece kit and i have used it . it works very well for me . thanks !
this lotion is amazing . it is super moisturizing to the skin and smells wonderful . it makes my legs feel like silk
nice look , long lasting and i do love it , i use it in my new shop , and my customers really like it !
bought this for me but color was too light so my daughter got it and she loves the coverage and stay power
highly recommended . smells great and is a good bargain . it looks like it will last me a long time . thanks
i used this one been a while . is do what does the job . is cheaper . better than buy some expensive one at the mall
definitely a huge time saver and makes nail polish extra shiny . there is a reason it's a cult favorite . love ! will recommend and repurchase !
love it ! ! beats waiting in long lines at the mall . i would definately order again . the price is right on !
i love this deep conditioner its amazing and the price was great i would recomend this deep conditioner it works really good .
this one is still out for making a actual recommendation . not as good as i thought it would have been .
really makes eyes look open and refreshed ... like you are well rested , even if you are not . would certainly buy again .
pretty good but not the amazing solution it is purported to be - works about 60 % of the time or a bit less .
i brought this not know how it would work ? but after trying it , am please to say it works very good . :)
i have nothing good to say about medline , even if the product is high quality . don't bother ordering this item .
have to careful how much you use or your hair looks greasy . use sparingly ! ! still love wen . best " shampoo " ever .
this was a replacement to my old one . i use it three times a week and he does an amazing job !
this light is the real thing and works very well to give your manicure that salon finish look . very easy to assemble
this chi only lasted about 6 months . it did get hot enough to straighten my coarse hair . i wish it lasted longer .
heats up enough to burn your hand , not to style your hair . i wanted beach waves and elegant curls . got none.just frizzy mess .
love the color , it's a pretty pink that will stay on through dinner . i don't have to worry about reapplying , and i love the price .
works well , protect my hair form the heat.will purchase again in store . s ea ar arew gr gra fe
this was my first dove body wash purchase ever . i've been very pleased with the product and plan to buy again .
this is my wife's favorite perfume , and it is one of the few , that doesn't bother my nose , and drive my sinus's to headache
i really liked this product . very versatile . many colors and very cute size . i would recommend this product for all your beauty and accessories bedazzling needs.lol
it's expensive , but it is the best . it leaves my skin feeling wonderful after every shower . can't wait to try the lotion next .
these hair ties are durable and does not break that easily . and it really does not hurt or pull out my hair
the roses are grate when i tried them they were awesome but are a little big and pops out when ur in a crowd because it is to amazing
i use it everyday ! it has every single brush that i would ever use ! and its a good quality too !
i probably have to give it another week or so to see if it is really working . does make my skin soft
this brush is reasonably priced and it makes the foundation go on evenly and smoothly . thinking of buying more for the different types of foundation i own .
works very very well . smells funky , very thick , but dark enough to notice what areas i missed etc . would recommend !
keeps my aging skin feeling moisturized , smooth , and radiant all day . has caused no problems for my very sensitive skin . quality and price is excellent .
compared to rogaine you get the same product for the same effects at half the price . its an awesome purchase
best brush to put foundation on , this and the beauty blender are the best foundation application tools . in loveeee with it .
it is useable , but the strength isn't as effective as i think . i would recommend for minimal use i would reorder
this product works well , but i can find other similar less expensive products that will do the same work on my hair .
there is nothing better that you can say about a product except that it works and does what you need it to .
this product is really nice . it is really good for keeping your hair shiny and straight for a longer period of time .
good price , not amazing quality , but not poor quality . would buy again . :) . . . . . . . .
i like this one because you can move the speed up and down . the down downfall is the cord is a bit short .
it ... is a spray bottle . and it sprays liquids . so uh some how i need to write more about this product . done !
you will love this polish already gave myself manicare and its so natural looking just love it thank you sooo much
works greatand a lot of amounti love italso good pricei wanna buy next time toogreat
no more mess , put your wigs on the top and everything looks perfect , if you don't want used soda bottom anymore
the product is amazing it made my hair feel and smell saloon did . and its still holding its moister this is a must have and i highly recomend it
not as colorful as it looks . the shatter wasn't too great . no one liked it on me . wasn't as nice as i expected .
i liked this but wanted to use both the night and day cream of the revitalift . i feel they work well together .
this is any item that could really dress up a look in an easy way . it's sturdy but flexible . very charming design .
these are good but if you bought rhinestones before buying this youll get the same colors there will only be one different color !
it is easy to apply to lashes . not too sticky but enough to hold for the evening . it does not irritate my eyes .
this color was very mint green when you get it and chips but has a very nice color and texture when you put it on .
cute fimo flowers.arrived on time and were nicely packed . have to keep pushing the edges until they stop lifting . which is not a problem .
there is a special about this product . it is just a long makeup q-tip that's all . it's just ok nothing special
this was nothing special , for a natural soap you would expect more , and it was a disappointment , face soaps from the store are definitely better .
just as good as clear . only use this if you use black eyeliner . it avoids having to put the eyeliner over the glue .
this brush is so perfect for tiny details around your eyes . it has become one of my favorites and i am considering purchasing another one .
=d love this producti have sensitive skin and it moisturizes my skin well without breakouts or irritating my skin
they are soft and don't stretch out of shape . nice modern colors and better price than rite aide store who is overpriced on most things
if you have had any treatments or not this is a good product for skin care . does not cause my sensitive skin any problems
so cheap , use it once or twice and its ready for the trash , probably ok to keep in purse fdoe a 1 time nail emergency
they didnt tell you these things stick and peal off the nail polish when your trying to complete the look .
this is the best face wash ever ! i've swapped to others and end up coming right back . this works , stick to it !
it laste a long time and i use it for my afro texture hair . it was great it created alot of new growth when use properly .
this gives me a nice nude lip . i love the packaging and the brand . i would purchase more in the future .
this is a great oil . it tames frizz & makes your hair shiny . you only need just a drop . i am very pleased with this product .
i love these brushes . i've had no problems with them shedding as mentioned and the only smell it had ws from the bag .
to be honest after adding this into my hair regimen i haven't really noticed a difference . i've been using for 2 weeks with no results :/
high quality . smells great . works well as carrier oil . highly recommend this product . love this stuff . i use it on a daily basis ! !
i was soo looking forward to this liner and when it came i discovered that it was all dried up and old . i had to return it .
yes ... no miracle worker of course but yes , this de-puff your eyes big time . i definitely recommend and would purchase again .
best quality spray tan and best deal ! you will not find a quality deal like this anywhere else , im in love ! ! !
cute little bows looks good on fingers wish they were smaller . wish they could be a tad smaller on the nail .
my skin does seem to have improved . my wrinkles are less noticable , especially around my lips . oderless and absorbes quickly .
always good price overthere and love the design of it for body lotion . great texture and nice smell . nothing wrong
use these to groom the dogs . great for precision work . very sharp and decent size . well balanced . much nicer than i thought .
this is my third or fourth anatasia tinted brown gel caramel tube i have used . i love it . gives my sparse brows a thicker , natural look .
i got it as a gift . i haven't heard any complaints but this brand is pretty good and i haven't head any complaints yet
great cologne one of the best been around for a minute one of my top 10 colognes at least give it a try you won't be let down
these are simple to adjust to your size and very easy to wear . i would definitely recommend this item . thank you & i will buy again .
i use tis inside and out , of my body . silky smooth oils that mixes well with anything else . i recommend it .
this heats up super fast ; i love that it has an auto-off feature . use it every morning ; great price too .
i like this product . price is little high . shipping and packing was good . a decent product . easy to use and give nice and clean look .
i rated the product five stars because it's a great product , for an awesome price . the dotted pens are great .
this product is awesome .. i bought a few and none did what this product does , so pigmented that don't need much !
they're super soft and smaller than what's expected . i like them a lot and i'm planing to buy another real techniques brushes .
sunscreen and moisturizer in one ! goes on well , covers well and does not have an overpowering smell , which is nice .
product doesn't come off unless washed out unlike a similar product that is sold for less on this website . a bit pricey for the size .
i have used this product twice now ; it leaves my hair feeling soft and clean . i would recommend this product .
this is a very good product . it works as it is suppose to continue much to say about it except it does what it's suppose to do
this item was as described arrived on time it's a big bottle and it works great and was very worth the price would buy again !
my daughter and i both use this serum . for us it works nicely with the " eb5 anti-aging facial cream . our skin is soft and smooth .
this product didn't work for me made my skin more oily and also broke out . i wouldn't recommend it . save your money
stays on a little bit longer than regular pencil , but the tube doesn't last as long . i will buy it again .
it's truly a beautiful purple . looks great on hands and feet . goes on smooths . needless to say i get so many compliments .
the price was right and the quality is good . this is a nice addition to my finger nail decorating bag of tricks .
did not like it at all , made my hair very sticky even though i sparingly used . will not buy again
this is my second order so you know i must love it ! i mixed mine with a little morracan oil before applying to my hair .
i ordered it last night , but i can't wait until they get here ! ! ! i'll make another review soon after i get them :)
love this bb cream it goes on smooth and stays on well . i also use the powder and its great together ! shipping was fast .
good sized mirror , good and simple colors for beginners , the lip gloss works great and all of the colors are not to dark
i have been nexxus products for years and highly recommend them for beautiful hair . leaves hair soft , shiny and manageable .
leaves your hair soft and smelling good . it does not do miracle as some of the reviews say , but it's a good product !
love this product ! thick but not too thick and has a nice coconut scent that lasts all day !
it has a slight clump but it does extend the lashes and it glides on very smoothly , it also moisturizers the lashes and it comes off easily too .
best exfoliating cloths ! it works really well to wash your back because they are long . i always have these in stock .
seems to be a really well elaborated product , keeps skin at well state without any yet seen side effect or some hard to put / remove topic
this made my face skin feel great . didn't really help with spots or clearing but would buy again . arrive don time
anew has my business forever . my skin has improved so much . i will always use this product . and have told others about it
i use is 2 times daily i think it helps smooth . i recommend . try it . i like it . good investment .
i have never experienced imediate results , as i did with this styling creme . i am telling all of my friends about this product .
i use this for my scalp and braids and love it ! it keeps my braids looking nice and smooth and keeps my scalp from feeling dry .
this color is great as a base for the french manicure and also to be worn alone . the color is a pale pink and it has no shimmer .
i love these dotting tools to do different size dots and more when i am doing free hand designs on nails . it really works great .
best buy ever would order some more soon . the shippment was just in time i've used them all the time
this shampoo really cleans my hair . makes my hair feel clean but not dried out . it leaves my hair smelling so wonderful
the results from this were not what had been expected . skin was smoother but did not see any improvement in the removal of blackheads . would not recommend .
these are good quality for the price and i like to toss these guys every two weeks so this is a good option .
this is a rich opaque silver . beautiful under dark crackles , also makes classy , high shine french tips over black polish . i love it !
im impresed with this product . the curls stayed for a whole week and it smells good . definitely recommend this product
the dotting tools have been great nail tools i have been able to design my nails many different ways with these .
super sharp , and the dial to adjust the tightness is a huge plus . great for cutting hair and a really good price too .
although the colour is nice , it seems that i need to use a lot to get the coverage i like . not a flaky as some shadows .
love white shoulders , its an old scent that never goes out of style . the bath powder is very nice also .
it gives a nice shear coat which works good for a job you have that will not allow bright colors
it was a duplicate order i use it all of the timei recommend it highly i have used for many years
too moisturizing for my hair ! made it more frizzy . i like the original better .
i love all of the colors in this palette and was happy to add this to my collection . i need to start using this palette soon .
you do need a primer because it lasts really well with the primer , and the colour payoff is decent . the matte sometimes need layering .
this came a bit twisted and crumpled i had to weigh it down with a book for a couple of days to get the decoration to work .
very nice product glides on the skin very nicely .. great part of skin care regimen .. very moisturizing non greasy .. great product luv it
love this brow wiz ! color is amazing and love how fine the tip is gives you complete control to be natural or a little daring
sober , classic and great for the mature man today , you can use it as an everyday fragrance , combined with everything from sporting occasions to elegant occasions .
mannequin looks great and is of good quality but the hair is not ethnic . i would say it's more along the lines of indian or asian hair .
i been using this product weekly and so far so good , i am seeing improvement . iam using this product with roc night time repair works great ! !
i'm a witch hazel advocate ! i use it for everything , and i love the rose smell !
it is not only sturdy , but it withstands heat well . it serves its purpose good . i recommend this product to anyone .
roc deep wrinkle serum seems to reduce the look of wrinkles and makes skin soft and younger looking . i like this product .
so easy to put on lotion with this . i use this kind of lotion when i am in a rush .
love the lotion . i will wait until baby is at least 6 months to start using . smell is great just taking precautions for allergy reasons .
very thick and difficult to apply . then after you spent several minutes rubbing it in it was very greasey and i didn't care for it .
works well for camouflage of mild imperfections , i use it daily i think you will be please with it and the price is very good
definitely worth the money . small and difficult to work with . but tons of stones for the money , so worth the price .
this bundle is great and offers awesome variety . the price is super . these have provided good results , quality is good , and easy to maintain .
im really not a big fan of these . if the were a little shorter i think this would help ? they are a little difficult to use .
makes my skin smoother and helps with slight cellulite . would recommend to anyone . i use it twice a week and works for me
did a great job putting on the blush . very easy to use . applies just the right amount and easy to clean . glad i purchased it .
love this nail polish . looks great over nail polish or on its own . lately i've been using this polish to do a gradient effect on my nails .
doesn't hold hair like it should , something is wrong with design . very disappointed - bought two thinking it would work great .
this stuff is great . so happy . my skin is smooth and so much clearer and younger looking . well worth the purchase !
this is the perfect size jars for making my home made shea butter cream for winter dry skin and hair mositurizer .
the guys in the family say that it works well and makes their skin smoother . i guess we'll order more .
lovely smell and works great ! i am so sensitive to smells and this product is really my favorite aveeno product .
this is the first red lipstick that i've enjoyed using - it's very smooth , and makes your lips look great !
my love.always buy spring , when the winter want to freshen the face . elastic skin on the face , light , looks healthy.recommend that all women over 30 .
i bought five for my bridesmaid's they loved them . warning they are bigger than you think but overall these are gorgeous and a affordable price !
i had to wear 2 coats of black nail polish then apply this color on top.my neighbor loved the color and asked me about it . :-)
zoya makes the best polishes . i love the way it looked but it was scratchy and it just didn't work for me . very pretty color though .
save your money just buy rapid wrinkle cream from neutragena for 14.00 $ . i personally went to neurium and love it .
i have tried many different brands , as well as scents , and this is by far the best i have found . my entire family loves it !
after a week of having my husband use this , his skin has fewer blemishes and looks less oily , but not dry . good product , clean smell !
this is a pretty glitter polish . i like to apply one coat of this over 2 coats of pink smoothies . very sparkly !
my husband is using for his dark curly hair replacing burt's bees products . he loves it because it washes his hair well .
if you keep shaking them , they will last for over a year ! some of the polishes clump sooner than the rest .
one of my favorite perfumes for work and play ! a sweet , girly fragrance that i always get compliments when wearing !
i wanted to use it with my shelac products . don't do it ! . haven't tried it with regular nail polish yet .
these came quickly , we're so easy to put up , and hold all of my nail polishes ! i actually bought more nail polish to fill them up
this was really too thick for my skin and left a shiny film on my face , just wrong for me though , not a bad product .
great defrizzer , really smoothes my hair and keeps it defrizzed even with humidity , looking good and smooth despite the weather . highly recommended .
it ok but i like wig head better it good to dry wig thought do i think you should but one to dry your wigs and a few wig head
not sure . if what i get , is what is what is pictured , i will be extremely happy and will change rrating to reflect this .
i bought the true match super blendable compact makeup in classic ivory and it's the perfect shade and it gives great coverage .
using it for quite a while now ... no problems at all ... does not break out my skin like other toners do
didn't have any issues with it , and it smells better than i thought it would . very nice product ! ! definately will be using it again .
works well and my grandaughter thinks it is the best . i have not found an eyeliner that was this easy to apply .
not only does this primer keep my eyeshadow and liner on longer , but it also covers up imperfections on my eyelids .
this was a christmas gift for my sister and she absolutely loved it . it works amazing and the curls are just perfect .
my sister has been looking for this and can not find it in the stores and she loves to use this everyday
this is a gerat on the go tool just make sure you have some battry if you dont have eletricity lol great though .
i love the aphogee line because it never lets you down an you will always see great results if you use the products correctly .
this products is amazing , commands all the impurities to come out , and definitely brightens your skin . and evens it out .
this gives off a really nice scent . if you have allergies though beware , its kinda fruity / flowery but i would recommend this .
this lipstick goes on so smoothly . and it last until you take it off . may need a touch up after eating but that's it .
fantastic colour ! i did have to chase the delivery but overall i was very happy , i would recommend it to anyone
this is the most amazing bronzer ever ! its not too heavy and gives a nice little glow to my face
got this for a friend and hope she likes it as much as i did when i saw it online .
i love this thing ! u can actually see the dead skin residue leaving your face . if u have oily skin this is a must
i always buy olay soap , since it is moisturizing and has a great scent ! reasonable price compared to store prices .
it wasn't a bad product but i didn't see any results from it . it is really heavy and greasy . i prefer skinceuticals emollient cream .
great large size . exactly as described . i use these for nail art and everyone just loves them . price was great too .
lov love these plates . they are packaged well . they are not sharpe like some plates . they all hav very nice design . shipped fast .
make sure to clean your skin well , and leave on 10 minutes , then rinse . this is my 3rd jar . will keep buying .
very nicely packaged . 10 different colors as described in description . come in individual packages so they don't stick together . would recommend
this is by far the best cleanser i have ever used - does not dry out my skin or leave a greasy film on it
almost hate to give a good review in case this product sells out . definitely going to order a spare . best hair tool ever for my particular hair .
it seems to work well my skin feels tighter when i use it but the order is strong in odor .
very nice gel . it's easy to work with him . recommended for beginners and those who are very long in this business . perfect .
i have struggled with kp all my life and this is the first product that i have found that works !
it's cheap price and very pretty , i love it , i will order more soon . my client they will like it too . thanks !
right away you could tell this is an excellent brush . sturdy and soft but not too soft . no shedding . it does its job .
i really like l'oreal's collagen products but this one is really good . has a very delicate fragrance goes on smoothly and really absorbs into skin well .
wonderful . light smell . a great deal for the size . i am allergic to sulfates so i am always hunting for a good deal !
i think this one is lacking good low notes and a little feminine . you better be wise and careful to pull this one off .
this lash style was just ok for me . my eyes are rather on the small side , so these were a but overpowering .
i love , love , love this . this has helped my eye shadow stay on all day . it didn't crease or disappear through out the day
a bit over powering stron not sweet like it shoud be , i certainly was very disapointed with this product , considering the quality of all the other essences
had 3 of her brushes for about a month now ... turns out , they are the only ones i reach for now !
if you love make up this is a good buy because you could do so many thing with it . works as eye shadow too
the stickers are pretty but some of them are to big for my nail but either way they will look super nice on .
these nail strips are super awesome and so easy to use , i love them and would recommend anyone to get them
works good .. happy with this purchase i would buy this again . i shop on amazon for everything and think they are great !
it is so big and compact and the top half is removable i love the print and hope they can make a smaller one love ! ! !
this items is as described and is a good medium size . it's great to use when mixing foundations . would recommend .
i have horrible skin but this soap in conjunction with a pore brush from sephora works wonders.its much better than the expensive washes i used to get .
my head band broke the same day i received . very disappointing , but you get what you pay for .
nice but gooey . it acts like it's melting . easy enough to apply and it stays on . but the gooey nature is i appealing .
i use these primarily for my dog but also for my face . great way to keep my hands clean and combat oily skin .
not a problem at all with mine . use it almost weekly for my gel nails . great price for this product .
i really like these wipes . just enough texture to clean without being rough . gave a package to my friend and she loves also .
perfect before nail polish and after to protect the nail polish , good product , i am pleased and happy , thank you
i love this product . i use it as a last layer over my gel polishes to add extra shine and protection over my gelish polished nails .
this is such a beautiful color . it can be worn any time of year and it goes amazingly with any skin tone .
you only need a small amount of this to keep your frizzy hairs from attempting to escape . it smells and works wonderfully .
very good product will use this from now on and i will purchase again . will also recommend this to others
i was so excited to see that my favorite hair product company stated making a frizz control spray - it's sure to work fantastic !
as others noted this product does what it says and last a really long time ! happy to see products that allows for versatility in nail care .
bought it as a gift , but she didn't ask me to burn it or return it , so it must be okay .
i really like this colour ! the quality of this product is also superb . will definitely be buying more in different colours !
i bought this because it had the hinged clips . they are more secure than the other style . the velvet finish keeps them from slipping .
great night time moisturizer ! i would mix a this with their serum and the next morning my skin would look and feel great !
it is absolutely the best product for head to toe moisturizing . i have been using it for a long time .
a great buy . will definitely order again.use it with an exfoliating brush and my skin feels like butter ! use it on my face and body
absolutely addictive . it is affordable and i always have men smelling on me . women always ask what it is . i love it .
the product came in five days with its original packaging and its the only lip balm that actually makes my lips soft ! a + + +
arrived much sooner than anticipated arrival date . they are so much prettier than the ones at the local craft stores ! worth it !
great amount of both silver and gold studs.they are small enough that they don't take upall of your nail space .
it's only good for one use . you cannot use it again and it's just a waste of money . don't bother .
very very dark plum color , which can pass off for a dark browni was hoping for something more purple than brown , but i like it
have used this product numerous times and have no complaint , have also recommended to various family and friends for use .
i clicked three just to get in a write a review . but i did not use this since i was unhappy with the other products .
i am totally in love with this stuff ! it makes my lips the perfect shade of kissable plum.without leaving my lips dry and rough
i love the color because it is exactly like tiffany's ! china glaze has great color options and the paint stays on your nails for a long time ! :)
the only thing i wish was different is the size of the two largest brushes because they're just too big for my eyes .
i bought this because of the reviews and once i tried it i was upset .. it did not harden and was white not clear
it makes my hair more manageable . it soft and i can detangle with ease . i would buyt this product again .
this was recommended on dr . oz for eye care . and it works great . softens crows feet . i noticed a difference in 2 weeks .
perfect compact size . hate those other bulky packaging . color is spot on ! i'm dark haired and i use this lighter shade for more natural effect
the fragrance is amazing ! very pleasant smelling handwash in my closet . it's cheap and really good , will definitely buy again !
gorgeous christmas red color , applies even , wears well ! gelish makes a consistent product and i will enjoy this color for many holidays !
great product , this brand is awesome , a must have , great for tanners / fake tanners , color looks great not orange , i would recommend this
best eye brow pencil ... avon glimmersticks eye brow blonde ... great color and i have used these for years moist not dry and i love these .
these are perfect to make lines or dots . and i love how there are different sizes so you have a wide range of design that you can do
i love this product the fragrance is beautiful , and i am so glad i purchase it . i definately will purchase it again
i love it ! ! and since its metal i can widen it so that i can pick up lashes , i love it ! !
recommended by my dermatologist . like it and use it . very light and creamy . does not last all day like some but is nice to use often .
smells nice and the conditioning was ok . i thought the vanilla and sweet orange version did a better job at conditioning my hair .
ok it took actually more than one min as advised to work but after five min it did and a good job indeed
i love this eyeliner . it lasts a long time , and it has a smudger on the other end . i won't use any other eyeliner but this .
little brushes for the price . i am using 2 for my paint in ceramics class and one for eye liner ... will order more for sure .
does what an undereye concealer should so without cluming or drying out the skin . i will never use anything else .
for what you pay for the brushes are great . it just took forever for it to come . i'll add some pictures.ordered oct 1 - received nov 2
this lil pallette is so cute it's got bright sassy color and very bold it might be small but it goes along way
these clippers are great . they do a really great job . i do my own acrylic nails at home and these trim the tips perfectly .
the color is very pretty . it stays on a very long time , it is a very good lipstick and i highly recommend it
yay ! ! ! i love the cute designs on these plates :) and they are big enough to fit my larger middle fingers and thumb nails !
my fav lotion , i won't ever change unless they stop selling it , hope they don't stop selling it , great great
fast delivery and product as described . i have not used these yet , but upon inspection they look just as i thought they would .
the brush set it cool and nicce , they work greatt on acrylic nails , and the best is that they dont cost a lot
some of my plates seemed to have been mishandled and with scratches , but other than that the plates stamp fine .
i bought these for my mother and they are just the right size for her . she likes them a lot and is using them regularly .
went through all of this for friggin 60 days ... absolutely nothing ! ! ! most these great reviews must be shills / fakes ...
i don't like this .. when you put this on your hair line to cover gray you can see it . it looks thick and fake .. like charcoal
these beads are so cute ! perfect for my nail art designs . haven't used them yet but so far , no complaints (:
this product is the best self tanner i ever used and i used a lot of them a lot . with out the dought is number 1
my favorite hair product for right now . been stocking up on this product . great product for a very reasonable price .
this worked great for my skin ! it's super easy to use and didn't irritate my skin at all . i noticed a difference quickly !
safe and natural way to tan . works great under bare minerals and not to heavy . no streaks and added sunblock .
the smell of it is so fruity , and it smells like apple and the mix of other fruits . like it .
i use this for volume , and their lengthening right after for longer looking lases . very very waterproof . will buy again .
very happy upon receiving my order . all 12 were there ( 6 gold and 6 silver ) it is definitely worth the money
they look great i got them for my daughter and myself . they were at a great price . we love them . i plan to buy more .
nice array of colors . a little sticky on the eye . not a long lasting liner so it is okay like a dollar store item .
overall i was happy with them ( great color , goes on easy and dries fast ) but they do chip easily and the green turned my nail yellow
you can get so creative with this stamp plate . everyone loves all my nail art designs . if you like hello kitty the stamp is great .
as soon as i stop using this shampoo , my scalp starts feeling itchy ... that's why i always end up going back .
i absolutely love these art designs , and they are so easy to use ! i love doing my own nails and trying out different beautiful designs .
this is a necessity at our house ! i use it on burns and cuts . it really promotes faster healing .
but if you slant them on your thumb you will be the envy of all girls everywhere . nothing is more feminine than these bowties . adorable and lovely .
good price , good quality , beautiful colors , and nyx has one of the best liners , even better than high end ones
this is a very flattering red shade on my olive complection . it is not too deep or dark but dark enough show up ! absolutely love it !
cant get it to work for me at all . only bought it because it was cheap and didnt want to spend my money .
i really like this comb . i recieved it very fast . can't wait to used it . i would recommend this product to others
the lids on these won't stay closed and lets out the stench of acrylic liquid everywhere . i wouldn't recommend buying this item .
a lot of money , sray on , wipe off , can't get near your eyes , much better toners available for the price . wen't back to skinceuticals .
my brows have never looked better . as good as the brow bar to go and way less expensive ! i love the little wax stuff
i love the color combination and the contrast it provides . this product makes my eyes look brighter without looking " made-up " .
guess i've too fine and little hair for the pin to hold . love the color but was of no use to me . donated it away .
grandaughter in college loves it . she has long blonde hair and i send this and the shampoo often to help her out
this is a great product for what you pay for i'm so happy with my purches ! ! ! very cute i would recommend this
i love these nail tips so much ! they are long and beautiful . it saves time having to shape regular tips .
over other face toners i think this is one of the besti have cleaned my face everyday for 3 years already
i used this in conjunction with the kanechom brazilian treatment and my hair was so soft and easy to detangle . i love this stuff .
i bought this for my daughter ! she is only 8 but i am a hairdresser and she is always very excited about hair :)
i was disappointed with this product . not only did it not do anything to improve my skin but it actually seemed to dry out my skin .
i really really am very impressed by the quality of this shea butter and will be purchasing more .
it smells so good when you spray it on , but it doesn't last long . i won't buy it again . that's ehy i gave it two stars .
very good night product . most of all my beauty products come from amazon . i search out the best products and reviews .
the product comes in a variety . the initial use is good . the product is holding , but its dismantling ... might have have to use the next .
i wear my hair natural i used this product when i need to blow dry my hair . i keep my hair silky
i think this is my new favorite gelish shade . there is so many sparkles and it goes on very smooth .
i can't believe how inexpensive these are ! you get so many rolls for such a low price ! haven't found a better deal .
this is a really pretty purple . it is a deep rich purple and goes on smoothly . more coats needed to get that deep purple but is beautiful
great for my relaxed hair , i use it every few washes not just when i relax my hair . leaves my hair softer and feeling healthier .
i just received these and there beautiful but i have not yet used them so give me a little time .
this stuff works best when you mix it with other indoor lotions such as designer skin bombshell tanning lotion 100xx . it reallly gives you great color .
color was horrible . went on cakey and accentuated lines . may be good at covering but at what expense ? ? accentuated lines .
when i bought this i thought it was expensive but i love this product . it was totally worth the money in the end .
item as described with almost no reject gems and quick shipping . i recommend to anyone if you are satisfied with the price b
if you like these things , this set has good selection . i found them very hard to use and easy to scratch , though .
i love argan oil . i use it on my hair and my cuticles and skin . it is not at all greasy .
i was looking for brushes and read and watched a lot of reviews i am very happy with these brushes just make sure you wash them first .
i really like this grey - i actually thought it was black because of the name when i bought it , but it's a really good shade .
this oil is just lovely . it is only 5 % blend , but the aroma is stronger than you would think . i love it !
these are onlly average as towelettes but the real negative is that they don't have a proper closure as so many of the other brands have .
i use this product when i want to relax because it smells great but i won't buy it again because it is too mild for my liking .
40 awesome colors in this palette . some are more pigmented than others . comes with an array of matte , shimmery and satin colors .
as a professional nail technician this product is a must have customers love them and it adds variety and style to you client nails.you should buy a few .
wanted a good sulfate free shampoo and conditioner . this smells gross like chemicals .
there are a lot of pearls in this wheel and you can't beat the price anywhere believe me i have searched everywhere locally !
love this product and can't beat the price , for sure . i'll be ordering this again in the near future , as well as other things .
these plates really come in handy when doing nail art . all different designs that give a number of choices to choose from .
i bought this for my mom who is in her 60 ' s and is experimenting on nail art designs . she really liked it .
the best lotion you can buy and very good for you skin and won't break you out ! love it very much !
this is big container , excellent quality , really takes the toxins out of pores . great product , thanks !
i really like the intensive therapy ii . the foundation ii is an ok product but i was really mostly interested in the other which works really well .
love the brush it is so easy to use and the look that you get is great ... you won't go wrong if you buy this brush
very nice . super sparkly . a lot better quality than i had thought or hoped for . will be ordering again . thanks
thank you for your nice nail art silver moon rhinestone pack of 1200 . it is very nice . have a nice day ! ! !
love these brushes ! they are soft and cute :) when i clean them after using them they work even better it seems but overall a great buy !
heavier and clumsy to use , but the ion as well as defusier does work well with short hair ... well made and sturdy .
love this product . i use as a everyday conditioner.my hair is soooo soft and smooth . totally recommend it . and the price is awesome
this may be the best cream you've ever used , but for me it isn't emollient enough just so so on results keeping my hands hydrated due to eczema .
mine was smelling very bad - i wonder if it should be like that or it is just old - now happy -
works from the inside out . great for my complexion . i give it 5 stars . thank you so very much . yea !
its a bit liquidy going on , but boy does it live up to its job . i haven't had my makeup disappear on me like it usually does .
i was just to strong for his skin i read so many good reviews before i bought it and no good for my son
this is a very smooth lipstick and i really like it but its very creamy so beware . i think this buyer is very good .
super helpfule i love the 2 sizes and flexibility of this product just wish my cats didnt love eating them as much as i like using them
the wet brush is a great product for your hair , it actually detangle your hair , and i love the colors
this has been the greatest product ever ! it is going to save my hair from splitting and i'll be able to grow it out now !
this set is beautiful . an endless array of choices and excellent quality ! ! def recommend everyone purchase this and have fun with your polish ! !
well worth the price . well constructed and stiff bristles that work very good for a nice scrub a dub dub
the size are really nice i love it the are easy to put and looks beautiful i recommend it ! !
nothing fancy but it does the job . i would recommend to a friend and buy again if need be in the future !
irreplaceable . such and exquisite , elegant , dainty scent . you can wear it day and night . i can't get enough of it .
this really works well . it reminds me of a product from 50 years ago for the same purpose . looking forward to showering with it .
the clip is hard to open and close . it doesn't hold much hair back either but it is very pretty .
this is a perfect blush . it lasts forever . it is a great , great , great color . either the name scares you or entices you .
cleans well like most pantene shampoos but this smooth version leaves a film on the hair which makes it hard to brush and blow dry .
i use to love this product before they changed it and the container . please make it the way it was . please ! o_o
i like it alot ... i carry in my purse ... i put real natural hydrosol in and love having it close by ... i should buy few more
these are nice exfoliating gloves . they work well though after time they do stretch out . i like these better than the bath sponges .
they look pretty on nails and they dont get in the way , wich is nice if you are a busy women lol
nails are flexible and do not break easy like some artificial nails do . i would definitely buy this item again .
this is a great product to buy , it is extremely affordable , and it is really easy to work with . awesome !
it is much more cheaper than another brand of hair oil , and with lower price , it still does a amazing job .
it is definitely sheer :) if you want a more pinky looking manicure then this is the wrong pink . this color is very natural looking . love it :)
for the price , i am totally satisfied . i am mixing this with other hair & body care to give them the magical difference that last all day .
these are so cute and very detailed . i love them i have used them on nails and cell phone covers .
very soft and very black . it only takes one application for this makeup to last all day . i'll probably never use pencils again .
i like the fresh scent of this body wash . it feels refreshing and smells good . you don't have to put too much body lotion after using this .
my sissy loves these , i bought them for her & she loves them , she was happy that i bought these for her .
i love , love , love , my hair extensions they are great and are so easy to put on . i would order from here again for sure .
this application works great it really helps me to apply my false lashes . i am so glad i ordered this item .
this product smelled like mackerel to me . not sure why . but i didn't like the smell . not sure how it did otherwise .
fun color ... not too bright but still has a nice pop to it . one of my favorite go to summer colors .
i have extremely bad asthma and recurring bouts of valley fever . i like these masks rather than those that go around your head .
it does help strengthen your nails and be creative by yourself or be pampered and have then done , either way it's a must have
just started using and can't wait to see the results ! i like that it is not sticky and is easy to use .
painful even when gentle this process of damaging the skin so it heals faster is not for everyone can do more bad then good be aware
the smell of this is incredible . it took a little while to get used to . i bought it to try all the products before i bought them .
i have a sensitive skin and this product is fantastic no scent not greasy i use it year around . very light
it arrived fast and in the color i wanted , pink , i like use it when i blow dry my hair and sometimes i carry it in my purse
what ever seller i got this from i love it works well on my skin and covers dark circles will buy again but a bigger pallette
this works great but is kind of heavy on the toxins / chemicals . but for very dry feet it really helps a lot
the rose water really smells very good and also good on skin when mised with multhana mutti and it was suitable for my skin too .
a little small to hold all my hair but overall they do a good job . 30 count shower caps . thank you .
i love this item . so many friends have ordered it too based on my raves ! ! ! lots of steps but worth it .
love the color and love that this is a cream shadow . love all the maybelline color tattoos would deffinatly recommend it .
this may work for some but not for me so i am still searching . for a moisturizer that will work for my skin .
got this colour to do my mother's nails , the colour shown here is true to what it looks like on .
this is the only cleanser i use on my body and face , as it does not dry out or irritate my skin .
i have long , fine hair with no body . i always thought " thickening " was a marketing gimmick but this actually makes a big difference !
i really like this cocoa butter . love the smell and once melted , it rubs in well . the small jar last a long time .
this soap came quickly but it was all dried out and it just breaks apart when you try to use it . i would not recommend it to anyone
i love the red color . wigs are not as cool as i thought they were but it's still pretty nice .
i haven't used it yet but i'm excited that it doesn't have a horrible smell to it . i'll probably update it when i use it for my wedding !
title said it all . two coats of this stuff and i don't have to touch my nails all week . the color is awesome too .
i have thin , long , dry hair . i expected more out of this but it didn't do anything a regular shampoo / conditioner cant do .
these are pretty good but not as good as my rimmel primer but it's a great price for all three
i have a shany eye shadow kit and the colors are very pigmented , just check out youtube tutorials mostly everyone uses shany kits !
love color and texture feels great and isnt over dry since its a matte love love will get all of these ..
this dries so fast and leaves a nice shines coat . by far the best top coat i've ever used . love it !
i use this for eyebrow shaping and hold . works great and is inexpensive . i'm not a huge cg fan but this product is quite nice .
love this stuff ! . i'm amazed on how well this cleans my brushes and it was fast and easy ! i will buy this again
after using this product my skin breaks out . it's just too irritating to my skin even on the most gentle setting .
yes , the bottles are super small , but alot of hearts fit in that tiny bottle . i got a variety of hearts , glitter and caviar .
works beautifully ! makes my skin all over nice and soft ! i love the face pad the most ! my skin looks and feels wonderful !
good quaility for the price . fits tight and helps my wig to stay on and in place / i would buy for this seller again .
great brush , totally gets the tanges out of my dry hair . will only use this brush from now on , fast shipping
still mad at myself for wasting my hard earn money on this eye cream . i used this cream for almost a year and it did absolutely nothing .
i love this color ! this lipstick shines and looks great on lips . i would definitely recommend this product and i would buy it again .
this product gave me skin allergy , i started to develop a lot of pimples on my fave so i had to discontinue to use this cream .
this is definitly one of the best nail care brand e v e r big time yes for sure ! !
great value , great product . i buy ivory when i don't feel like spending the money for dove . it smells great !
love fake bake bronzer is very nice color easy to wear and wears well to bought for agift and she loved it
love this stuff . i can go swimming or workout with worrying about my eyebrows washing off .
yes this works .. but i wasn't too impressed to use long term.but it does its job and works to keep those eyebrows on .
i love every one of these brushes and i have almost all of them ! they clean up great and are so easy to use !
this product is not a great concealer , if you do have a bad dark circles it'll not hide it very well
beautiful color ! price is perfect , sally sells the mini for the same price which i think it's crazy ! shipping is super fast ( 1-2 days )
lovely conditioner ! left my curly hair nice and soft . definitely recommend it , even for people with tight curly locks like mine .
i think it is a really good product . makes the skin naturally tan . no orange problem on the hands . recommend
amazing brushes , i bought them for my teenage daughter and was so impressed i ordered another set for myself . great buy .
don't care for this product . it has no lather to it . and the smell is awful . everyone said it smelled so good , it doesn't ! !
not that i'm an avid consumer of nail clippers , but these have surpassed my expectations for the price . i am happy with this product and would recommend .
this stuff is so drying it is pathetic . they should discontinue it on this site also !
works great for under the eyes , sides of nose and pretty much anywhere else you want to use it . you really can't go wrong with sigma brushes .
i got this for my sister , it's a good product and it is a bronze , not too sticky ! pretty good for the price
seriously $ 2 - $ 3 and works better than shampoos that cost 100x ' s that .
i have very dry skin and this did nothing for me as far as hydration . it broke my face out and made me sneeze !
makes my skin feel smooth . not greasy . my skin glows after using this product . i recommend . a very good price as compared to spas .
nice box , would like more nail polish cubes . the drawer space is nice , bit i would have liked there to be more compartments .
it is the best . i give it five stars ... if i could give it more , i would . lasts all day . love it ! ro
this polish is really green . it looks a lot like army green . it does need two coats , but it have beautiful shine .
this is the perfect amount of glitter with two coats . not too dense and not too sparse . i would recommend this to glitter lovers .
not really sure how to use these but so far so good with applying my liquid foundation . just takes time
please don't buy they can't even bend these are pure garabage don't waste your money buy something better hell no
i love it . this is my favorite creme . going to buy day line with spf . read the reviews for far they are good .
love this hot pink color ! the consistency of the polish is normal and has held up over time . the perfect color for summer
this started out ok then it just made my hair heavy feeling . i went back to suave professionals used this as a body wash works great
this stand was as described and works well for the price . the delivery took forever but it was worth the wait . very useful item .
it is a good product . but it isnt a miracle . i think it is too expensive . they should make sample sizes too .
this is soothing , has a nice aroma leaves a nice , soft feel to the skin . i recommend it .
glides on to the lips well.great pigmentation and colour.long lasting as it stains slightly.recommend this colour . does not need a lipstick under it .
i really like this product , and i am considering purchasing it again . in my case , the contents were only enough for 2 weeks .
very good product . works great and it smells great also . i've already recommended this product to my family and friends .
i received these very fast but i have tried them 3 times and all 3 times in less then two days the tape was already peeling and coming up .
these toe nail clippers work very well . they cut the nail quickly without having to use a lot of pressure .
this is a great hair product that works well and smells lovely . the price was right and it arrived quickly .
the product is nice , it comes in three bars . it has a nice smell . that's all i can think of now .
works great on roots between color . i order this product all the time . i love it ! ! ! it comes really fast in the mail too .
worst light everwasted 3 hours and my nails werent even dry thenit also burns your hand , its ridiculous
i got it yesterday and i got to use it for my nails . i love it i did all type of design .
i love putting on finishing powder but this product has to much sparkle i feel like im weaing glitter jenna r .
i love all the colors in this palette - coastal scents has very good products ! i am going to be buying more .
it works , and its very easy to put on & doesn't damage the clothes when taken off . i'm very happy in how quickly it arrived
i use it all the time to dye my hair extensions or my own hair ( worked even on black hair )
i love the color and love the brand . china glaze never lets me down ! i love this nailpolish and it looks great !
i mix this with my moisturizer after i tone and apply retinol . it has made my skin look great . recommend !
love my brushes , they seem to shed some but with the price you cant beat this set , would highly recommend
these are beautiful makeup brushes . i recommend them without hesitation . they are well made and the bristles donot fall out .
this smells pretty good . chicks dig it . but as for regrowing my hair , i'm really not seeing a lot of action . maybe meditation will help .
$ o cute ! my daughter slices them & uses them for her clay creations . they are super small ! great 4 price !
creamy texture and goes on skin beautifully ! i love this product ! and i think it's improving my skin.would buy again !
you really do need this if you want to extend the life of your brushes and keep them from getting splayed .
i love to do design work on my kids nails . these tools have allowed me to retain my creative side !
this was an excellent value when i ordered first time but have not found it since then but i love this soap ! ! !
it does protect from getting mascara on my eyelida but it came broken from the brushes but still works good
the color is extremely light , barely pink . like a creamy color . it might not be what you expect , but is overall beautiful .
i've never used hair extensions , and these did not come with any directions so i was unsure how to use them
omg these are so awesome.great quality no fallout bristles , great for beginners and professional makeup artist . i will recommend these to anyone .
this facial serum works wonders ! it is totally helping my skin stay clear ! i haven't had any break outs . incredible ! !
i use this daily . i try to match my purses to my clothes , so this makes mornings a lot easier when switching out .
nice bottle . the pick up tube on this is nicer that other bottles i looked at . very happy with the spray on this one too .
this stuff smells so good . my husband comments every time i use it . works well too .
i gave this to my daughter and she says it works great on her hair . she is over 18 .
very pretty & lot's of different shapes . is kind of thick but still okay if you are going to stack other smaller ones on top of it .
i absolutely love this ! i recommend this to everyone amazing for highlight or concealing ! :) i might just buy another :d
my boyfriend has a anti-dandruff problem for a long time , and he has already tried one time , and it seems working .
this liquid liner is the best liner for a smokey eye . it will give your that sexy kitten eye look .
this clip is beautiful , shines so pretty & has a good weight to it . i love the way this looks & would order again in the future .
my daughter loves this stuff . i buy her various scents of village naturals brand and she says it all smells great and feels like a spa visit .
excellent pencil only thing the postage was too expensive . i found this pretty easy to use and i liked the auburn color
my wife & i both like this shampoo very much and give it an excellent rating . you cannot go wrong with it
great for the price , absolutely no complaints except that usually when removing wig , it slips off , other than that , it fits snug .
these are really crappy . i didnt expect much because they were so cheap but they arent worth the money . put the couple bucks toward better quality brushes
although the product worked in toning gold out of the hair , the color was slightly off more on the ashy side .
this product is great ! love how easily it goes on and comes off ! they really couldn't make it much easier
this is the best bush you can get for the price . it feels like a $ 30 brush . love using it .
i love this perfume . it's my go to perfume . and everyone i come in contact with loves how it smells on me .
it's alcohol free and 100 % vegan . it holds my hair like shellac . what more do i need in a hairspray ?
i bought this because i wanted to start doing my gel nails at home , arrived on time and works great !
blends well and it quite soft . definitely would recommend for anyone wanting a new foundation brush or maybe bb cream
i really like this product . works really well on my fine curly hair . i've been using it for a while .
this is the best eye makeup-remover pads and using this for many years . very gentle and soft just love it .
but i've used it as soak in the tub and wow it made me sweat like crazy , good detox especially when sick .
i've used it for years . it's the best kept secret for truly deep cleaning your skin even if you used once a month .
white powder for the face can be scary but this stuff is amazing . i loved the awake glow it gives me .
i have very course hair and this really helps smooth it out . it has a nice foam and i'm very happy that its sulfate free .
this little device is awesome at cleaning my face . my skin feels so much softer and refreshed after using it .
this is a great top coat for gel polish , truly prevent cracks and chipping , highly recommend gelish products . a + + + product .
this is great , im keep buying this , since i loose them veryday , but quality is just great , it doesnt pulls the hair at all .
very good presentation of this perfume , its fragrance denotes quality and presence , its good smell love for lovers of good
i hate these . they were a waste of money , they didn't really work well - i should've never thought of buying these
i try others to save a few bucks but they never compare ! this is great to set your makeup and to hydrate !
i used it and it looks very nice and classy and very easy to use . try it today ! great buy !
dont last long and very fragile . peels quickly . i like the options of all sides on it but this one is cheap nonetheless .
love it , need to use more frequently to see full effects . i have nice skin and it will seems to make my skin glow
it was new in the box . it serves its purpose . i use it constantly . i'm very pleased , i thought the price was too high though
i love to line my eyes with this liner lol . ^ _ ~ they look sparkly and it's just so lovely . ^ _ ^
i buy this brand because it's cheap and for the size of the container . love the smooth tangled free hair after using this in the shower .
good for making designs on top of dark nail polish . white on top of purple and maybe white on pink if it'll show up .
for some reason i just went ahead and bought this not reading nothing about it and figured this is self tanning lotion :( ) i like the smell :( )
very tight . i dont even have a very large head and i could not wear it because it hurt so much .
this is an excellent sunscreen.1.they don't test on animals 2.it melts into one's skin without leaving a clown face look .
i will buy it again . this stuff works . i have horrible hands and this stuff didn't disappoint me . i love it and will buy again
this is a really pretty pearlized white . i like it a lot . looks great with glitter or glitter polish on top , too .
i love it ... this product smells very good i used the oil and i have heard great things about the shampoo and conditioner so decided to use ..
who doesn't love having multiple choices when it comes to fun nail designs . very fast shipping and extremely happy with all the plates .
i absolutely love this lotion , its not greasy , has no smell at all and it feels just great on my skin . definetly worth it !
very good , effective , i love this product's function , i need this , i use this product everyday , i like it very much
very smalleven smaller that i thoughtit works good on the surface but it doens't work inside that goodwhen you apply it dries the outside quick
i use mist of roc skin care products the facial smoother is wonderful most of mine products are subscribe & save
i got the exact color shown in the picture . i was a bit worried i would get something else , but my wife is happy with this foundation :)
this is a very nice cleanser . it's light and creamy and rinses very well . my skin feels very soft after using it . not harsh at all .
perfect levi cosplay wig ! ! ! needs some trimming of course but it's been holding up really well ! !
this brush cleaner works great ! it get all of the hair and gunk out of my hair brushes really easily .
gorgeous color . not as pink as the picture . an awesome summer red . this will be your go to color all summer long !
easy to use and lasts at least a couple of years . this is my second one and i use it all the time . easy to handle too .
i was looking for new blending brushes and came across this kit . love the feel and texture of these brushes and their pricetag !
it is good . my skin is really sensitive but this one is really good . also it almost doesn't have a smell .
this brush is only good for wet hair . when i used it on my slightly damp hair the static and hair flew up ! going in the goodwill box
love , love essie products . they are of high quality and go on smoothly while drying quickly . so many great colors to choose from .
i'm a dark skinned black lady and this color is perfect for french manicure for my complexion . i love it !
started using this on my hands and elbows . soaks right in and i can tell the difference already . my skin feel so much better .
nice selection of images included . i haven't tried them all but the ones i've used transfer nicely . good quality plates
came in a timely matter . i love using my dotting tools . they come in handy for many designs . yes i love this purchase .
really love this plate because of the musical notes and piano keys . i love music and this is a great nail expression plate .
i'm very happy with this tanner . the mitt that's included makes the application easy . natural looking tan too . arrived on time .
an okay pleasant cream , does nothing special for my skin.packaging and pricing are good enough though.greetz from marja
the macadamia oil deep repair mask is great for hair conditioning . most importantly , it smells fantastic . this is my yearly item .
my hair is so dry and i put a couple of drops of oil in my shampoo and my hair is so soft
i like these spin pins very much and the seem to be holding their shape very well with continual use .
this is so cool , it really gives your polish this new look , really does make your polish matte . its a really amazing effect
this night treatment is the best i've tried so far . however , wished that it has been designed in a bigger size .
i like these tools but the cuticle nipper after a few aplications doesnt work that well anymore it is hard to cut a cuticle
i wasn't that impressed with this product , the serum , mask are the best products i used in this line .. probably would not buy again
this red is comparable to axxium's candy apple color . it's got a dark pink tint to it . hope this helps :)
i have rosacea and this does help . i have acne with my rosacea and this doesn't help but it does not cause acne either .
i love love love real techniques brushes . i love how soft they are and how well i am able to work with them
too thick , smells bad . it is hard to apply and it cakes on your skin . it is a natural product though
perfect bursh , i m using this bursh to my foundation very smoth and nice . i love this bursh . this bursh give m full cover
smells good , doesn't lather well , isn't particularly moisturizing . i get better results using st ives oatmeal body wash and that is considerably cheaper .
i really like this and had it on my subscription but now they have taken it off of the subscription list so that made me sad !
container is large and well designed . smooth pump action brings alcohol to the surface better than several similar products.shipment was quick and well packaged .
totally a waste of $ $ fell off as soon as i put them on . get better fitting shoes since these will not hold loose straps up .
i don't need to use facewash anymore . this product is an essential . i'm giving out to all my female friends this year .
i've been wanting to start doing my friends / family , the smell is kept to a minimum . love it
didnt find it easy to use . will not recommend to buy .. i preffer the doughnut .. chipped as described , affordable , looks durable ,
i get stopped on the streets ... literally stopped ... and asked what fragrance im wearing . its such an alluring scent ! !
i have use several foundations and mosses . but this foundation makes my skin look greasy . i don't really like it . it doesn't cover much .
nothing more than to say that this is the best dry shampoo that i tried . i am attempting to not wash my hair everyday and this helps tremendously .
i have bleached hair and it does a great job keeping the frizziness and dryness away this is the 3rd bottle i have bought !
i love this makeup , and they have discontinued the shade . i was so happy to find it on amazon ! it is priced right .
bowl is smaller than expected but it serves it's purpose . brush is also not as firm as i was hoping for . took forever to arrive though :( .
i love this nail lacquer it dries quickly and has a brilliant shine which i just love . the black color is very rich looking .
i don't notice any great difference in my hair using this product . it seems just seems kind of norma / regular . nothing special , won't buy again .
i absolutely love this toner ! helps with clearing up my acne to a considerable level ! also love how it smells of fresh cucumbers !
i have long thick eyelashes and this is one of the best for volume but not the best for length but its not bad :)
this easy flow primer is great . a little really does go a long way because you do not need to use much
the liner looked great with a lighter lip gloss or lip stain color . nyx never disappoints when it comes to lip liners . , lipgloss or lipsticks
the texture is not rough and scratchy . i is heaven sent to be retractable to help it stay clean from dirt . i love it .
thanks ! these little brushes are great for brows , lashes , and blending . even for touching up roots ! thanks so much !
works great to get to the hard to reach areas . good length so you don't have to be a contortionist to use .
arrived fast well packaged . love aussie , great for dry hair . have used this for a long time and still love it . the pump is nice .
i love the smell of this . it is isn't too heavy for thin hair , doesn't weight hair down and doesn't dry hair out .
great for natural hair and to use as a ingredient for body lotion . will order again . thank you ! ! ! !
i love these polishes ! they are beautiful and the holographic is amazing ! great color and shine and works great for water marble !
wow lots of sticks , great graffics , so many uses , didnt expect that many for that great of price . one order is enough for over a year
absorb into pores immediately then make the pores more obvious . i'll stick with clarins for better result but they are pricey though
it does a good job removing the fine lines , wrinkles & is also a nice moisturiser , its not sticky & gets absorbed well in the skin
perfect for what i needed . i purchase this for hair cream mix . i really wish it had a smell to it but , it really didn't matter .
this product is amazing , and also has a low score on ewg . it immediately detangled my hair , and smells great . great product and safe !
not sure what i benefited from this product - i do not know what this product did for my hair , so i would not purchase again
it was just as it stated . loved the colors and how they sparkled in the light . it when twitch every outfit i wore .
i've never been disappointed with shany's eyeshadow . i love this palette because i can do the two looks i use the most - neutral and smoky .
it does what it says . cleans your brushes and keeps them looking like new . you also don't need that much shampoo so use it sparingly .
great price for 8 bottles , i use very little in making homemade facial and body serums . i highly recommend this product .
this product is amazing . it gives you a glow all the day . i used two times since i got it and i love it .
my daughter has blackheads on her nose which bother her and with this product and regular use , they are greately reduced .
because of this product i got my nail polish mojo back , no more smears and fast on the go drying time
it has lots of fun shapes and designs . shipping was a bit of a wait but it was well worth it .
i'm going to keep this as a dry body brush instead of a shower brush , due to the softness of the bristles .
great for all types of skin ! i purchased for myself then bought another for my daughter . she loves it too !
exactly as advertised . wonderful , no clumps . my daughter loves it and she tries all kinds of make-up . will buy again .
i use a lot of burt's bees products .. they never irritate me and always do an excellent job of moisutizing . extremely happy with the whole line .
great colors applies easy and smooth lasts all day and has easy direction to do different things and designs to your eyes .
this item is very pretty the product came undamaged and fast . gems are small and perfect for nails . love them
i can clean my toddler's ears with these and not worry that i'm going too far in . a god send .
broke in a week . doesn't have enough needles to do ya good anyway . boo hoo . off to buy a better one .
this hair pin is quite lovely with a unique antigued look , very sturdy , and i'm anxious to wear it on that perfect special occasion .
i love these ! they are so nice to take camping and take off your make up . ive told my friends about these and they love them too .
i think the quality was a bit shabby ; however , it's usable . i'd get a shot glass before i bought this again though .
so good , wish it came in larger size ! my signature scent for sure ! perfect amount of patchouli and a little sweet !
i want it this color so bad , order it , got it and it looks stunning . i absouletly love it :)
very good , does have a like smell to it unlike the others but it's still does a great job ! !
this the second time i bought it . i love the smell , and my skin feel soft and smooth next morning .
i bought it for the highlighter but i really like the liner , both go on smooth but have a subtle and flattering effect .
i loved the compact container that i can take with me anywhere . i will use it often and i am very pleased .
this is an " ok " conditioner . nothing spectacular but just decent . this is better than the shampoo though . i like paul mitchell products much better !
this product really did nothing for me . i didn't notice a thing . i'm in my late 30 ' s and have combination skin .
great stuff for dulling highlights . i use it 2x week and it never turns me purple ( i've had that happen ) or drys me out .
this product makes the skin feel extremely soft . i use it after cleansing my face and i tried this in place of a moisterizer .
the caps serve there purpose . very thin . i would not lay my head down on anything while wearing this cap .
the rhinestones are very shiny giving the art a nice look , ( i have bought some and they have been dull ) . they make a pretty good purchase
i need more than one pad to remove makeup from one eye , but i like them , cause it's comfy to take them to trips for just in case
i love this milk bath , it smells great and is relaxing to soak in the bath tub with . great buy
they fit the nail amazingly ! and they are so cute ! i love these fimo sweets so much ! just like the picture ! thank you
i brought this becuase was cheaper.it work good . i just dont like the smell but it work good , but dont dry fast .
i like how gentle this feels and that it doesn't leave me skin feeling too dry . the smell is nice . not too perfumey .
make sure to condition them before prior use because they do have an odd smell . work great and shed very little
i haven't noticed any improvement in my skin yet . this lotion absorbs quickly . it does have a weird smell to it though .
i bought this product based on the rave reviews . it is definitely a good product that does what it claims , and smells like its name .
great price and great quality . i've been using them for a few weeks now to section my hair when blow drying and they grip the hair very nicely .
left my hair feeling like it had a residue on it also it smelled funny . it is not wen and shouldn't even be compared to it
pond's dry skin cream is the best . in my family we have been using ponds for generations and our skin looks wonderful ! ! wouldn't use anything else .
i looooovvveee this makeup palette it is a good size when i received it was not messy or anything thanks
i haven't been using it long enough to really tell the results . my hair broke off from a perm and thenstress so hoping this really works fast .
lots of tiny needles . roller is a bit squeaky . i'm not religious on using it daily because it can be painful .
i usually do neutral colors , but wanted something fun . this color is fun ! 3 thin coats and you're good to go !
works really well , and leaves my hair softuse it to keep the gold out , good product does the job well
they have been a great benefit to me . they are soft and easy to sleep in . thank you for making them in the usa ! !
my hair looks wonderful ! my skin is soft , this is a great item . must have for anyone wants soft skin and shiney hair !
everything was so small . and the brushes suck.they are so small.it was just a waste of money to be honest .
very very strong scent - even inside packaging . it sticks to your hands after handling the bottle . i had to send it back .
i love the color of this lipgloss - not to overwhelming . plus it stays on for a long time , and does not have a bad taste .
my girlfriend loves all colors for her hair and she likes to mix them sometime she was very happy with the result
i love these ! ! ! i only use 2 everytime i do my hair and the two rubberband survive until i need to do my hair again .
wouldnt give it any stars ! it sheds like crazy ! :( waste of money . thats all i can say . dont buy it
this is a very good product but you need to use a lot of it to work . i will recommend this product .
perfect for on the go . every woman needs this in their bag . it is a must have . shany has wounderful great quality products .
i think the longer your hair is the better this will look on you but i like it enough to use it several times a month .
well .. as much as i love nivea ! this is too little product and really . not what i expected . but i guess it helps .
these were great brushes for the price . you have a size for every need . well worth it . i did not expect such quality .
just the perfect size and the colors are great to use under your eyes or under your eyebrow will order them again .
ever since i bought the blow dryer and wand i just had to try the hair strainer and guess what im in love
i love the texture of it , it isn't super hard and makes it easy to make a great looking bun .
this color is just as named-hot pink . a great color for summer . it arrived on time & in great condition .
i was excited to try this . good product but not the best i have tried . clinique's moisture surge is superior to this .
true match is extremely easy to use . it's easy to handle , glides on nicely and conceals very well . love it . definitely would recommend .
love it , i love this blow dryer really amazing . don't listen to the bad reviews listen to me and get this blow dryer .
it is too hard and not that ' gummy ' so the nail polish gets stuck ... ugh ... i was hoping it would work better ...
i have long hair so the wave wasn't big enough for what i wanted . i ended up buying another one . with larger barrel
i can only say good things about this product it works wonderful it set up very nice , love that it has mineral
i have used this product on several occasions now and i have not noticed any more attention than usual ... not sure if it's working .
this is simply the best shampoo ever ! great clean without a dulling build up , always leaves my hair manageable & looking great !
i love this product ! i is creamy and potent so that it truly helps your hands heal when they are dry and cracked .
this makes an excellent cleansing mask for hair , face and skin . it tingles , it cleanses and leaves hair and skin soft and clean .
great product , i use this when i put on my pink plastic wrap an my waste trimmer to get fit .
this is the third one i bought , i love it and so does my girls for mine keeps disapearing when they leave . works great
i like this product used a couple of times i just got to get the hang of doing my cat eye look but it's coming along great
light weight , non damaging and the perfect blow out brush . i will never use any other brush again , this is perfect !
i like them very much have noting to say their very cute :) buy them ! ! ! i love them have nice colors nothing eles said xd
youth says it all , probably for younger people because for mature skin it does nothing . total waste of money ! alot of hype for nothing .
it's absolutely everything i hoped for and more plain and simple . but it smells like bad bubble gum though . enjoy !
for a well priced dry shampoo , suave moroccan infusion works it's magic . i have come to depend on it's great scent and volumizing results .
i laughed when i saw it because it was so big . it works , its a little tricky at first and the pain is tolerable .
it's fun and a sassy ! pink sparkle is hard to find , so i was glad to be able to find this online ! i would definitely recommend .
looks great . the color matches great to my bathroom and design is pretty . all my brands of nail polish fit in the rack with ease .
i ordered these to use on cards and scrap booking . they are very beautiful colors and i can't wait to experiment with them .
this is the best possible oil you can use for your nails ! love it ! i've been using it for years
i bought it for my sister and she loves it , it works really well under makeup and is not oily at all
shellac is the best nail polish . so wonderful to have 2 plus weeks of no chips and worry free nails . love all of the shellac colors .
really takes out all the brass in my light blonde hair in between salon visits . this is a must have for blondes !
i like he designs and molds but they are a tad bit too small . cute designs but i will learn to use them at a better pace .
great for fast holiday nail art ! images can also be used for craft items as well as nails . slower drying polishes work better for me .
perfect for shading . i'm fairly pale , but i use this for my most extreme shadows ( cheekbones , nose , under jaw ) and it's amazing .
if you need a dandruff shampoo i would recommend this over any of the others . it works much better than the other brands i have used .
this cleansing wash is used on my face as an alternative or in conjunction with the cleansing bar . it takes a little longer to rinse off .
great for curling your hair and managing it . love it . it is comfortable to sleep in and your head won't be sore in the morning .
great packaging , very cute and followed theme all the way thru . good eyeshadow colors and very pigmented . having a good time trying all the color combinations .
i have had a lot of fun with these tools . i use them for egg painting , nail polish design and other craft products .
agadir argan oil daily moisturizing shampoo / conditioner . i really love this stuff . makes your hair soft , smooth , and smell sooo good .
i use this product faithfully and it does make a difference . it is an outstanding product that helps your face feel tighter and smoother .
this lotion is a classic and is always a great choice . i love palmer's lotion , especially on the dry , brutal winters .
pleasant happy girly scent . would be suitable for young and younger ones or fun scent for light wear . pretty package too .
i like this product . it's not a wonder-worker but it does help to fill in lines and i do notice fuller lips after i put it on .
this is a terrific concealer brush . i use it every day . it is just the right weight and stiffness . great .
this item , although may be good for some skin types , makes my sensitive ? skin burn like the dickens . do not like .
great soap . i love the smell of the soap . this item isnt harsh but very creamy that can be used daily .
man this is so highly fragranced that my allergies went through the roof . watery eyes and deep dark circles ! they need to make it fragrance free !
three years later and i'm still not done with this bottle . great product that lasts a long time !
love this product . has a slight tingle and for myself has really perked up tired skin ! on my second bottle . recommend !
a very good and nourishing for pre - shampooing , leaves the hair soft and smooth ! once a week it will keep your hair in excellent condition !
these weren't natural looking at all . i have no idea why they were labeled as natural when they look like drag queen lashes .
did my own nails with a uv light to set them . french style manicure . they looked professional with the clear gel coat and my translucent pink gel .
not to impressed and is oily and breaks out my face . i have normal skin but this is not for me .
i bought this cologne without knowing it but i don't regret at all cause i loved it ! and for it's price it's a great value !
this is my 3rd of 4th time buying this . it works pretty well ; and of course i will purchase again .
i love the results gained by using this , but i feel they could lighten up or just omit some of the ingredients that are questionable .
this is an amazing sponge ! it doubles in size under water and lays product down so nicely and smoothly . totally recommend this set !
i do like the eye lash conditioning gel . it seems to work fine and lashes do seem to be longer .
i thought that these colors would be really dark due to them being metallic , but they are a really nice medium high gloss color .
i first bought this years ago but reakly started using it recently and even though they have new products , i will stay with the original
i can't draw on my own face . but this product application is simple and easy . take your time . also it lasted for 5 hours .
it moisturizes , but it break so easily until i had to throw it away . a total waste of money .
i was looking to replace a brush i am currently using and love . the bristles on this brush are too soft for my needs but thank you .
got for daughter , she puts on too thick and it peels right off , drats . not a great color for more mature gel polish users .
ponds caring classic extra rich dry skin cream is great . it works well on sensitive skin and i highly recommend it .
l'oreal nail polish has never let me down and this color is amazing . very bright and looks great on all skin tones .
this stuff works magic ! brings volume to my lashes like never before , will totally be purchasing more in the future !
a fine product with a great sun protection . but , its a bit heavy on the skin and prolonged application can eventually lead to a bit oily skin .
my daughter and i both have one of these straighteners . we really love them and they are excellent value for what we paid on amazon .
the neeedle part of this tool is too dull ! i needs to be alot sharper , because as it is , it damages the skin
this is a refreshing morning body wash , that feels great , doesn't dry my skin and smells so good , helps to start my morning out right !
does what it needs to do and travels well . the compact has held up well in my bag and is great for quick touch-ups .
i like the block and how easy it is to handle , but the grit was a little rough for buffing . overall good product .
i was under the impression the colors were matte not as frosted . colors are neutral however and can be used for daytime or nightime .
dr . teal's scented epsom salt is amazing . it smells so good and it's the perfect thing after a long day .
they look ok , but they can't hold my hair for long . they fall off easily . and i have curly hair ! ! !
made my eyelashes super long and thin . i was looking for more volume , my mom happened to like it . i suppose it's hit or miss .
red hair is hard to keep up . this helps . i can't find it in stores anymore . thank goodness i could find it on line .
i love natural instincts but it appears they are going through some changes . i'm stocking up on my favorite colors !
this was a very unpleasant outcome for me > stopped using it and they went away > doing isometrics now with good results >
i have used this once or twice and i can already see the diffrence in my nail growth and no more yellowing when i paint my nails .
i'm going to have to return this dryer for much more expensive opi led dryer because the thermal spa just will not cure the opi gel polish .
sadly i could not take these pills , the heart burn out weighed any benefit i may have gotten from them .
i would purchase again , the color is good and it covers nicely , it doesn't leave a " cakey " feeling on your face .
bought this as a requested gift for a friend . did not like the smell myself . its very manly if you as me
i can see a difference on my face from using this product for a short while now . i'll continue to use it daily .
very affordable and easy to travel with . i will be buying many more in the future ! very happy with almay items .
i'm not impressed with this smoothing cream . i can't see any difference at all when i use this . i won't be buying it again .
after using the eye lash serumt , this product did not lengthen my lashes and could not tell that it helped them at all .
great color , i love the smoothness when you apply it . long lasting and very affordable . i would buy it again .
bought this as a gift for my niece and she loves it . i would highly recommend it for anyone who's looking for a cheap price !
i love the smell , the only drawback is that it dissapates way too fast ! ! the bottle itself is exquisitely designed !
there is a set of lashes for almost every occasion from day at the office to clubbin . love all of them . will def buy again
i love these products because they truly work well on hair that has undergone a salon keratin care process .
i got this to go with my collection of dermorganic products . i love the way it holds and it does not have a harsh odor
i have found that this mousse is superior to the salon brands at a fraction of the cost . it really lives up to its promises !
this is my going out mascara but i have long and thick eyelashes its perfect for people with not a volume but long eyelashes
this smells like candy and i love the packaging . all of this line smells like candy.make sure to use correctly and not on face because its hot bronzer .
i wore this the next day and i have gotten so many compliments .. thanks so much you guys are awesome
this is a great facewash . it is very gentle and leaves my face feelings very clean , but not too dry .
love it . it cleans my skin better than anything else i have used . my skin actually looks cleaner . good product .
not the color that i thought it would be but still love the coverage ; what can i say it's opi .
one of the better mascaras i have tried . i have reordered this mascara several times and plan to continue to do so .
when my hair is weak this conditioner has my hairs back and becomes my hairs back bone ... love the smell it's smells like a tropical island ...
although i did receive this product for free , that does not mean that my review is biased . girlfriend loves this moisturizer .
im a nail student and this product was just the perfect choice for i was looking for my class and its so affordable
i bought two today on a bogo 1/2 price sale at ulta . i've also seen it for sale at rite aid & cvs .
this concealer pallette is perferct . very creamy , and smoothe.doesn ' t crease , and provides maximum coverage . i would definately recommend this pallette .
very happy with product and seller , recommended this item to all of my friends . used with cnd shellac , better than the salon in my opinion .
i was not impressed with this product . kinda of dries out your hair and makes it look dull . i would not purchase again
nice product and it is soft on the lips . does not feel like a lacquer that some long lasting lip products do .
love this product . it goes a long way too ! i sometimes even clean my body with it for the moisture it provides . great stuff ! ! !
love , love this wig . i received lots of compliments the first time . i will be ordering another one soon.una
this lipgloss smell so good and the price is great i love shany products because they are cheap and good quality
this product is great for mixing with other oils however be sure of how you store it so that it doesn't get rancid .
i was disappointed becuase they are really tiny . i guess i should have read the details.gave them to my grand neice to play with .
a must for the bare mineral user - - it smooth out the foundation and blush . good product . i love it .
got 2 opi nail polishes . it stays one single day . american quality sux sux sux sux sux . dont waste your money . european rules .
she still has hair . i will consider this purchase a success.on a side note , subscribe and save it great , especially for daily products like this .
i love this color and would recommend it to all nail polish freaks ... like me ! ! ! give it a try girls
i don't see an effect when i use it , although my skin feels softer but it doesn't look any different to me .
these are honestly the best makeup sponges i have ever used ! when wet , they do not soak up the makeup so they make your makeup last longer !
i just love this serum . i use it at night and my skin just soaks it in . in the morning my skin a very soft .
great conditioner , it makes your hair super soft and thick . it detangles my hair pretty easy and makes it shine , absolutely recommend this conditioner .
these are great slices , even and very thin . the colors are very vibrant and the designs are intricate and very cute .
i bought these thinking the elastic was more stretchable due to my daughter having a lot of hair but it is not .
smelled wrong . looks wrong . would not put on my face ! ! i had to throw out . this was a wast of money !
this is probably the best mascara i've used for volumizing . it really sticks to its claims . i definitely recommend it . it's da bomb ! :d
i love all the colors it works for me ! the price is okay anybody can afford to have this ... even for collection must have !
honestly , i thought they containers would be bigger but i am happy with the purchase . these will make some really cute nail art designs .
my wife loves it . first i thought she was crazy wanting this from adidas .. i got it for her and she was right smells great on her ..
i love the results i've been getting since using this product . this makes my skin look so smooth and healthy . great coverage and sun protection also .
great brand and a great product . smells minty and manly but it releaves my itchy scalp and my fiancé even loved it .
even tho i didn't go to school to learn how to do acrylic nails i must say , this powder is pretty good .
bought this from my derma salon , and found it here at a better price , just cant live without this product
this product is so good for aging skin , fine line , and wrinkles . it isn't greasy or oily , has no odor .
it is a lighter pink with a shimmer . i put 2 coats on for a fuller coverage . but love the color !
this stuff is the best mascara i have ever used ! it doesn't clump and it is really dark which i love !
not sure what i expected , but vitamin c serum really does work and this product was by far the best price i found .
this water dries my skin . it smells sour and not so much of rose too . i loved the pretty bottle but this isn't for me .
i like using this . i don't use it frequently but i do think it helps . my skin feels great afterward .
nothing special , doesn't blend . made me look like a ghost . will not buy again . gave away to goodwill . 2 more words .
i would only use this under the eyes or on blueish blemishes and in very small amounts , as it is very yellow-pigmented .
love these little guys . i mostly use them for contouring and blending but if i need to take some brushes on a trip these are my go to
smell good , but doesn't amazed me . i really has to get used to the smelling
this tool works wonderfully , it does just what it should . the tip used to get the unwanted skin off works like a charm !
the taste is pretty bad , but it works ! the syrup tastes like medicine . the results are wonderful . hair & nails are strong & shiny .
best curly 3b hair products ! not sticky , no flaking , and curly girl safe ! fragrance diminished once dry . great product line
nice color , nice feel to them , i own a beauty school and these work well for what we need them to do .
i got 3 bottles of clear . about 4 of them are separated . thats not so great . but overall , good price for a good product
love this mascara . it lengthens my lashes and doesn't clump them together . my favorite mascara that i've tried so far !
same as the picture ... im satisfied with it and worth it ... holds everything nicely . truly does hold up to 25 brushes and more ... love it :)
might be faster drying , but faster is not always better or heathier . i love the chi pro flat iron and blow dry your hair with a thermal protectanct
very light non-greasy cream , that drastically helped smooth old acne scars and discoloration . this is truly an affordable product that has high quality ingredients and amazing results .
i received all the combs . my hair is thick and when i comb my natural hair i feel the comb bending , but they've not yet broken .
i like metallic polishes for easy application and coverage.this is dark midnight blue with deep greenish finish.perfect cool look .
love love love this brush . it washes very well , maintains its shape and i just love it . so happy to have it in my collection .
so i do too . she likes the smell , and she is very happy with the cleanliness after using this shampoo .
followed the instructions , no results ! in the end i had to soak my nails in acetone because to remove my gelish non-chip polish ...
extremely excited about my new brushes.the quality is amazing.absolutely no shedding . beautiful carting case as well .. lovely very happy with this set
it straightens well at a low temp . 2nd on i have purchased . found it a lot cheaper at marshals though
i cant believe your prices , you have the best frangrances money can buy and i am glad that i found your ad .
i was given this product as a gift . it smells good , lasts for a long time , and it's very gentle .
this product is too expensive for this amount of money there should be more than 60 vitamins . and the results should be faster than 3 to 6 months .
they came on time and were as advertised . i got them for a girlfriend so what can i say . she says she likes them .
this is a really sparkly holographic nail polish . really liked the consistency coverage was good with two coats . so if you can find it great
this smells so good ! the price was amazing and my dad , husband , myself , and my mom all think that it smells amazing !
this was a great wig cap for the price . i wish it had arrived a little faster but i would definitely buy again !
for something of this price range , the smell lasts . but the smell is not i am crazy about . wont buy it again ...
makes my skin smooth . i use it with the brush cleaner and makes a great combo . olay products never disappoint me .
we just love the tan towels ! ! ! been using them for years , however , just wish they weren't so expensive : )
i looked at this color in probably 6 different website examples . it came and it looks more orange then anything else . not what i wanted .
anything from opi is better than good ! there's nothing bad i can say about this nail polish or any opi polish !
this is the only hair spray i like / use . i bought it from here because it's cheaper than in a salon .
nice tools and very affordable , i was a bit nervous to purchase these after i had read the reviews but to my surprise they were great !
they work great but really small ! how much product do u need at one time . wish it was a little bigger .
this has a natural , light hold with a light pleasant scent . i love the touch ability but for short hair i need more hold .
mild vanilla smell , heavy moisure without feeling greasy . overall very good ! i can see this working great on feet as well .
like most oil free lotions of this type , this does not absorb quickly , but it does a good job and has a pleasant smell .
eh . i've used it twice and haven't seen much difference in my skin . i think the sake and red wine masks are way better .
while this might be helping some , i'm still looking for something that will hold my curls all day without a lot of hairspray .
great deal for the set ! have been using with my other cnd products for over two months now and have no complaints .
great product , gets the setting job done . i have noticed less creasing when using this product . i will 100 % repurchase and recommend this to people .
these work very well and the cloth doesn't get clogged up when removing polish . they are great for travel as no spillage is possible .
my mom swears by this product . she is over eighty years old yet people think she is still in her sixties . i guess that's a good testimonial .
today is the first time i used this . i could see my skin glow with night cream . we will see /
i love every shade and these are great ! they last a long time and you will literally have every color you need . must have for the price !
this is a really , really hard brush of super stiff bristles . this feels like murder on my back . i won't be using it again .
the nautica voyager has a great scent . this is now my go to cologne . i will be ordering more soon .
my daughter's friends use this for their own hair and now that she tried it she doesn't want anything else .
smells divine , leaves hair silky , soft and luscious . great product ! can even use for lotion on dry legs / feet , i'm serious !
deep red with a tiny amount of sparkle . needs 2 coats to avoid looking streaky . for this polish you need a uv lamp to cure the polish .
it does what it says and is perfect for ponytails . i use it at my salon , i'm a hairdresser.and it makes flipping ponytails easier
this product works as expected when constantly turned on but the timer quit working after only a couple of uses .
this product works very well , especially when paired with the matching body wash . it is not overly strong in fragrance .
i love them especially because nail salons charge so much to put them on i just bring my own when i go
they have so many colors to choose from and they're so easy to place on your nails . makes the hardest designs easier .
this stuff does work , but needs to be combined with multiple scrubs and constant moisturising .
grosss it is the worst most un realistic weave s * * * ever its so ghetto and ratchet and ew its horse hair
these are super easy to use ! great price and quality considering the retail stores charge much more for a smaller quantity .
i feel like a received another expired redkin product from an iffy vendor . didn't really work . very disappointed .
just starting using it , it feels nice on the lashes ! i will have to give it a couple of days to review it !
very nice well made alot of sizes to choose from in the package fast delivery.love the colors and have many uses for them with all my crafting besides
loved these brushes . so stylish and cute . arrived earlier than expected . does both jobs great . i loved the colors . happy with my purchase
these are great to have if you like to do your own or someone else's nails . my grown daughter wants a set now .
it helps restore moisture to the eye area and i love pro x products . a little goes a long way .
use it at night . moist and creamy seems to give extra boost to my skin routine . good value and price .
i like this brand i like how many brushes come for the price . i like them very much … people enjoy :)
nice and quiet , retractable cord ... it is super powerful too ... very pleased with this item and i highly recommend it to others .
although this sounds like a great concept it has too much going on . it broke after one week of use because the plastic just could not handle me .
this concealer is one of the best ive added to my kit ! ! easy to apply , blend , and does not crease
this is easily the best glitter polish out of the muppets collection . it's a great sparkly pink and only takes two coats to make it look nice .
close to mint candy apple but much more green . i say it would be close to mermaid tears by opi
fabulous ! ! ! the case is very nice , and the colors what i needed . this will last a long time ! ! !
almay have good products , and i used it for everyday as a makeup remover and was very satisfied with this product .
while i prefer seche vite top coat , the opi seems to work just fine . the base coat is great and i've never had any problems .
i bought this for my husband for christmas and i love the way it smells on him . it's not overpowering it's a clean light fresh scent .
great pigment and both are matte ... takes a lil building for the gold color ... which is easy considering very lil fall out .
the smell is not good . the texture is not creamy and goes on with more difficulty.it does sort of tighten but nothing great . it is just okay !
works fantastic ! i purchased this on december 21 came in december 23 , works great , i have head 6-10 blackheads for years finally got rid of em .
love , love , love this mirror ! now i can really see to get my mascara on perfectly ! excellent in every way .
it lasted less than 3 months .. lameeeeeeeee it did wonders while it worked.do not buy this item . i don't recommend it .
i absolutely love this iron it makes my hair so pretty ! ! use small sections and run your fingers through when done and spray ! so cute !
really cute but dosnt stay put as well as it claims to . they are thin and adorable , probably better for short hair not long hair .
use it whenever i want to smooth out my crazy curly hair while blowdrying . helps keep my hair soft and shiny .
i haven't used and even so i don't think i'm an expert to judge the quality of these brushes . so i gave a 5 .
such a fun and great color , love it ! makes the perfect tiffany box nail art ! great coverage wonderful product :)
a bit larger than what i expected / needed but great for applying powder to eyebrows .
i thought it would smell different then what it did . when i put it on it reminds me of flowers and old peeps . not the smell for me
i like this product and use it quite a bit in the blends i make
eh . haven't been seeing much spot ( only one ) reduction , but like the texture and will continue to use . pleasant on skin .
the hair in my brows has never grown in the same ( upward and out ) direction . this holds every hair perfectly in place .
have used in the past , has worked well , also there have been no skin break outs.very disappointed that i could not order the sun screen with zinc oxide
this product works great for glycolic peels . instead of using a cotton ball ( that is recommended ) , i thought the brush provides more even distrubution .
these are super soft brushes ! the case is a great idea but probably not something i will find myself utilizing much .
i love it ! as soon as i got it i had to try it out ! it makes curling my hair a breeeeezzzzeee !
i bought this to thin out my other seche vite fast drying top coat as it tends to thicken easily . it worked great .
this material is cheap and flimsy the clip falls out rather easily from the color hair strand . i guess you get what you paid for .
i got this thinking it's a glue , yes i should have read the reviews it's not a good and it didn't even give me a temporary .
great spiral curling iron , reasonably priced , easy to use . this curling iron has lots of features . i would recommend this item .
i haven't used it yet but i really love the design and the quality is good . perfect for any occasion .
i have been using this to help regrow some hair thinning that another supplement caused . it has worked very well in that regard .
this was super easy to put up , doesn't fog , and also has stayed up for months now . it does exactly what you expect .
now i love gelish so don't get it twisted ! ! this is just more sheer than i thought it would be , but still pretty .
it's ok . sometimes i find the scent not to my liking . whether it helps me sleep is a question mark .
my husband and son love this body wash ... they always smell clean , without smelling perfume-y . i have it on auto-delivery ... we never run out !
but applicator tip broke within a few months . still decently-priced and covers acne so i would buy it again . cheap .
i was intimidated by my kinky hair but i brought this brush and will be buying a few more . great ! !
the product arrived on time and i like to use them but the stars would not stay in my nails and bend easily
the packaging was great but i took forever to receive at least 3 weeks and the brushes are very soft , not good for nail art at all .
i love them on my nailt and my phone cases great complements on both i will be ordering again soon
i love this john frieda product . it absorbs into the hair very well . improves the health and condition of my hair overnight .
ok nail polish i did not like the way it dried but if out a little shiny top coat on it that can help
very good powder no yellow so far , easy to use and looks great . also have pink that looks great on .
i am very surprised to read all of these positive reviews of this product . i think it is very very poor and lacking quality.won ' t buy agin .
the picture shows that this is a shade of brown . the color is more of a grayish-beige cream color . very nice neutral color !
i can't remember but i think this mirror broke the second week i had it . the plastic around the mirror is weak and cheap . look somewhere else .
a co-worker brought in some items that didn't match her skin tone ... she gave them to me , i tried them and the rest is history !
very good product , it came on time and it really lengthens the lashes . i have had it for a while so i really like this product .
i did not like this at all . looks great in the bottle . but it goes on very flat looking . i was very disappointed .
this makes my skin feel very moist even in the dry rooms of winter . i use it with the vitamin c serum .
this product did not work a advertised . used it or a month with no changes in under eye puffiness .
works like most smoothing serums except has a better smell .. keeps hair feeling extremely soft .. i will definitely purchase again .
i got them on time and they are really cute but they come in different sizes and i just got 17
i cant complain , its lotion . i have had this bottle for what seems forever . great for everyday lotion that will last awhile
needed something close to the maybelline shadow tattoo .. not even close very chalky didnt really like .. i'll keep it may come in handy
i found out about this on youtube natural hair community , and purchased it i like this product and it smells good !
i wrote a haiku poem about the dove shave gel product : large , masculine cansmooth , refreshing gel insidehappy customer
it matches my leopard print luggage ! it fits all of my make up brushes in it ! i love it ! will buy another one !
quality is good couldn't find it in store so got it in online and quality is also good and feels very soft .
i've tried lots of different kinds of dry shampoo . this is the one that works the best . so happy i found it !
does not really emphasize the eyeshadow , but it definitely helps it stay longer and feel fresher when you use it .
this is a lightweight product and it goes well under makeup . leaves you skin looking supple . the eucerin productsare great .
this was for my kidsit works over night and we were happy with itthey use this one and of and seems to work well
does everything it says it does i do put my bare minerals over the foundation but i love how my face looks good stufff ! ! !
good for the price and i like tha long handle on them so it is easy to work with them !
i got it as a present and my wife couldn't have been more happy with it . i also think it looks great .
they are so cute they look just like in the picture will definitely buy again when i need more thankz ... ! it was fast shipping too ..
but that's it . it works the same as any facial wash . it doesnt feel like it deep cleans the make up and gets everything off .
love this for my hair - recommended by my hairstylist and i couldn't find locally . was very happy to find on amazon .
i just got them and i love them they came earlier than expected but i dont mind im actually very happy :]
great product for anyone with a scalp issue . the mint in this shampoo is awesome and it makes the har completely clean . love nioxin .
i got this to ' set ' my liquid makeup , but this just doesn't work . it cakes up quickly and it doesn't set my face at all
great skin food at a terrific price . beats the high-line competition by a mile . it's a staple in my daily regimen and i'm a licensed esthetician .
awesome product it tightens my faceexcellent customer servicei appreciate all theyve done for me when i lost my packagea must buy
i love this product but it can be purchased in stores as well . i have sensitive skin and this works great .
the lotion makes my hands feel good . after i wash my hands , i half to reapply . has a nice scent .
this serum is not sticky very silky and melts in skin . nourishes my skin over night and i wake up with fine pores . love !
just buy it . you'll thank me later . i could not be happier . i wish there was a purse size ! thumbs up
after exfoliating this serum really keeps my skin soft and replenishes the skin baby soft . it goes on oily but soaks in quickly to a soft skin feel .
this does seem to be blurring my discolorations on my face . as with anything it needs time . does not irritate my sensitive skin .
easy to use , great colors and containers works well for storage use . love doing different color nails , so this works really well .
i expected more shiny holo effect , but it only came out as a shimmery gold-red . it's still pretty though . it did ship quickly enough too .
i use this with my other dermorganic products and love it . it makes my hair shiny and smooth . i love their products
it really brings out your eye lashes and makes them look fuller and stronger . i use this almost every day !
its a product i was trying to find for quite sometime . works great and results are visible in like a week .
love this comb , perfect sidekick when ironing your hair . makes it all easier and of course no more burnt fingers ! love it
whay it is okaythe lasting for itnot that muchand the color you have to scratch to see the colorany waythank u
love this sunscreen . smells great too . very nice to go on and not slimy or oily . i've been using this no problems for about 2 years .
this bursh is excellent , i'm a mua and use this one for foundation . also my girls learning how to apply makeup use them and definitely love it !
easy on and off good for beginners and those who have hand issues when they are shaky and less likely to be steady on designs
i bout these to clean under nails and i also use them to scrub my veggies and clean a lot of other stuff .
i love using or adding glycerine to increase the moisture in my hair conditioners or lotions , adds thickness to the lotion and conditioners
the only thing that helps it besides prescription shampoos . really a blessing . helped stop my breakage issues.thank you so much :)
hubby loves these and ordered the 2nd pair . one pair inside the house , one pair outside the house . affordable and good quality . highly recommended .
i am very satisfied with this product . it is an easy application and creamy . it is also at a reasonable price .
buy it ! you will love these products . i just got mine and its amazinggg ! worth it and you get the free cream which is awesome
it's so small and cute . i thought it would take up a lot of space , but was pleasantly surprised . great to display my high end lipsticks
leaves an odd feeling on my hair . like an odd squeaky clean feeling but yet heavy . smell was ok and falls in line with garnier scents .
it smells so good . i wear it for perfume & i know it also has health benefits . i believe it's suppose to balance the body .
just make sure you comb out the section of hair first . other than that it made my hair lay hunny
i must be doing something wrong i cannot get this to work i bought the right polish and still cant get it yto work
i don't like the way the product goes on ( sticky ) and hard to apply with very little coverage . waste of money .
i absolutely love these lipsticks ! they are super pigmented and have a nice scent . there are also alot of dupes for mac lipsticks
best blush i've ever found ! they don't sell the healthy glow in stores anymore so nice to know i can stock up here !
the picture is very deceiving . the bottle is small . not what the picture looks like . the product works good . so i can't complain
comes as shown , in perfect condition . comes with 2 of each 10 different colors , no repeats . seems easy , yet i'd appreciate an instructions booklet .
great brush ! i love that it has a soft and a hard side . now , all i need is more hair .
smells good , gets you clean , and doesn't make my skin itchy or tight . doesn't actually sparkle ( thank goodness ) , in case you're worried about that
i recommended this product to all my friends , it's awesome i really like it . my friend keep asking me to use them .
good and really fast drying polish . on the thin side of polishes , applies easily and does't get that thick over time .
i love this make up it is nice and light and has a beautiful color and glow that it adds to my cheeks
now this conditioner you spray and leave in i put this around my edges and now my hair is growing back
i am not sure in 100 % it really works for reducing acnes , but it is perfect to calm down skin stimulation after using microneedle on my face .
good optics . wish it came in a nicer finish , surprisingly hard to ind a decent makeup mirror . would purchase it again .
i ordered this and was so excited about getting it . when i opened the box it was beautiful , exactly what i wanted
this was a great price and great lotion . it is very mosturizing and helps with the fine lines . i will buy it again .
this really is a great bonding agent i used on artificial nails and the stayed intact for two to three weeks and the nails did not budge .
this is ok for occasional use , but too much work for daily use . for that i shower prefer a brush
smell really nice . but after using it , my fine hair is so soft , i just can't do anything with it .
right amount of coverage ! not too much , but if you need more you can just apply some more !
i have purchased this moisturizer several times . it is light with a fresh clean scent . i will continue to buy this product .
what you pay is what you get . 2pcs of thin wig cap . just ok , nothing really bad to say . i actually like it .
i do makeup for our local theatre and this is perfect for all the different skin colors we have in our company ! arrived quickly and in perfect condition !
i really like this product . it works really well . it smells very good . the price is awesome . i will continue to use this product .
a great gift , i loved walking into the kitchen and smelling it on my aunt , she is usually very hard to buy for but she loved this .
i love all opi polish . it is a very pretty color and goes on smooth . it lasts well too , especially with a topcoat .
absolutelly the best shampoo ever . i think you barely need conditioner , it is very rich and light at the same time . love it !
i like the lotion but the container does not allow for dispensing all of the product inside . i ran out way to fast .
i've had others , and this one exceeds expectations . perfect for relaxing and no need to worry about suction not working . it is very , very comfortable .
love these ... use them all the time . got extra to go with the dotters and will add nail polish and remover for christmas gifs !
i like this product because it is very absorbent and dries very quickly . also gives me a radiant complexion . i would recommend .
its great bottle of acetone . its great for soak off gel polish . i would recommend it to anyone who uses gel polish
this liner just ok to me . doesn't glide smooth enough . i want a smoother softer application . giving to my 20 year old
the bottle opens like flask . it smells sweet and has a little bit of vanilla undertone . a little goes a long way and doesn't fade .
does not work at all ! and the pore tightening pack causes me break outs !
the plastic was nice and flexible , but they were just a little too wide . they looked a little odd on me .
i received this new product that was open , the safety seal was broken , and half of the jar was used . never again !
i had one of these decades ago and am pleased to have one again . for stubborn blackheads , this seki blackhead remover gets the job done .
the foot file did not help with calluses or dry skin at all . i followed the instruction but noticed no improvement in my feet .
it is gentle on the skin , but have not used it long enough.good after a glycolic peel also .
i feel great with product my skin feels so younger this product works miracles i'm very happy with this and i will purchase it again thanks
not oily and doesn't clog my pores . applies very sheer and doen't make my face shiny . a moisturizer should probably be used to prevent dryness
it's a little bit dry after i used this masque . guess better not use it too often . 1 time per week will be fine .
i like the contents of this eyeliner however i find the container top-heavy so it's always falling over in my cabinet .
only product i use for my eyebrows in blonde color of course have tried others and go back to these every time thanks
they look perfect . i love them . very good color combination . good quality material and it looks very fancy on my hair .
this item works good when trying to remove an old full set . works just as good as what they use in the nail shop
my skin glows after using this product . has a wonderful smell . my skin feels geat afterwards . will definitely continue to use . awsome for the price !
havent used them yet , but they look fun & pretty . i hardly use much make-up but learning estitition work .
the best fade soap ever and it really fades my dark acne marks . my acne marks are almost gone for good .
i use this twice a day around and under my eyes ; it's just fantastic stuff . i'd be lost without it .
if you looking for a soft look this is perfect for highlighting your face or to use as your cheek color very very pretty !
my husband likes nautica for men and he is pleased with this product . if he is happy , then i am happy !
yet another fine product by l'oreal ; this company really works well for me . i would recommend this cleanser to anyone .
cnd is the only way to go when it comes to shellac polish . i've tried other brands , but they outshine the competition ( pun intended ! )
saves me time in between coloring . covers well and looks natural . easy to apply . highly recommend it this is my fourth order for this product .
i just barely got this in the mail and it's super neat and cute . it's easy to use and prevents messes around the eye area when applying makeup .
this brush is awesome . it is super soft . would definitely recommend . can't believe it was so inexpensive . it's a great dupe for the sigma version .
this eye cream is ultra rich , very luxurious - fine lines & wrinkles are gone ! i love this eye cream & would buy it again !
even though it was under $ 3 it is very difficult to use and the instructions are in a foreign language . i would definitely bot recommend this item .
i used this with another oil for my itchy scalp , i used it with my conditioner . works wonders , did the job .
it's odd as you expect lather but it does make my hair soft . you use quite a lot but it is a big bottle ,
the picture is too small to identify that they're shaped foil decals and not crystal decals . not a bad product
came really fast in good packageingi personally love itso far it works on any polishgreat if you love the matte look
haven't had the product long to rate it . right now i'm neutral . hard to say something when you haven't had a chance to try it .
this stayes on my wife's head with no problem night after night . it is the best head wrap she owns and will use this over anyother one .
keeps hair in place and has a good feel to it it is not heavy on your hair like some sprays .
i'm very pale , and this is a nice colour for me . it's easy to use , and the brush that comes with it isn't too shabby .
i needed a clear carryall for work and this is just the ticket , also can be used for traveling because of the clarity
i use this pencil every day.keeps ur eye shadows in place all day.need 2 order another one b4 i run out.makes bright shadows show op better on dark skin tones
i waited for them for so long and honestly dint recieve 300 piece is more like 50 but otherthan that i like them.you get wt you payfor :(
omg ! pigment is wonderful . im a makeup artist on i one of each palette in my kit . some colors a little chalky but great buy
this is one of the best highlughters ever .. im totally in love with this product .. it will be in my top 10 list
i use this combined with the deep wrinkle serum and i have noticed a big great difference in my forehead lines and nose to mouth lines would recommend .
sorry to say i am disappointed . the product does not flow onto the lashes . multiple attempts needed to get the look of having mascara on .
i like this product . feels good going on and no mess . how much it has helped ... not sure . would purchase from seller again
i don't like how this color looks in reality . it is not as pictured despite a few coats . not a good buy
this lotion definitely stings , but it's worth it . it bumped up my tan color to a new level of darkness . i love it .
great for a natural facial glow without the damaging effects of the tanning booth , i will definitely be ordering more !
this cream is great ! it leaves your skin so soft and smooth ! it smells nice as well with out being over powering !
i love these make up remover wipes ! they dont break me out ! ! love the smell ! ! my favorite ! highly recommend aaaa + + +
normally i love rose but find this a little overpowering . a little goes a long way & last all day .
this product has a lot of fake reviews so dont be fooled , check out the people who are writing the reviews , such a shame
these are okay but they are hard to clean they work really well though i love them though i reccomend them
oh ... this hair feels good , looks good , fits good ... the only thing is that the front is longer than the pic ... i dont mind !
doesn't firm , but tans well with little odor now . overall , i'm satisfied .
use on my face instead of lotion . works wonders on my dry skin . great product . my skin tone has evened out and my skin is so soft
love these i can do any design . i love how each one is a different size . i would recommend this to anyone because it's easy to use
i didnt like it is very low quality product and the price is not good for such product like that .
worth the value that you pay for it ... it a little hard to pump and if stored on its side it leaks
bad quality , useless and its stuck in my hair . too difficult to use . im not recommending it at all , and its a waste of money .
i have thin , curly hair and this straightens it nicely . it heats up fast and does a quick job at straightening my locks .
very vibrant colors , highly recommend with a eye shadow primer like mac , worth every it for its great price . love the neutral colors .
i can use these items for all sorts of projects not just nails and they are easily washed and dried for the next use
this really smells like roses and is quite sweet . one spray is more than enough and it lasts all day . good to layer scents with .
excellent base coat and top coat ! they really last long ( a whole week ) and are very shiny ! the combo is economic , worth to buy !
i personally love mash nail art stamping image plates . they give a clean image and are less expensive than the leading competitor
they work great for the price and i had no problem with them not being able to transfer to the stamper .
as with the corresponding shampoo , this is very heavily fragranced . i knew going in it was not fragrance free , but really wish it were .
does not do anything you will continue loosing your hair don't waste your money like me that i used a lot
you pretty much pay what u get for . very inexpensive but feels like cheap paper . it also wouldn't stick to my nail .
this stuff is great ! it is a little expensive for face lotion , but it is clinique . i do highly recommend this stuff
this is an amazing exfoliant for anything . it makes my hands so silky smooth an it smells sooooo good . perfect for total body exfoliating :)
could not believe how well it works . i don't have a huge need for this product , but there are days when a little help is welcomed .
this product works well , i have noticed a difference with the lines around my mouth , they are not as noticeable as they were .
i have used a similar blow dryer and it would alway overheat and shut down , but this one doesn't do that . works awesome !
this shampoo made my hair very dry and tangled . i got this because i remember using it as a kid , and really like the smell .
love it love it ! ! ! thank you ! this is such a pretty color ! and it works well every time ! happy new year ! ! !
everything i expected and more <3 i love this nail polish , the fact that it's some sort of milky makes it great !
nice selection of images , very good stamping quality , i am happy with this purchase , and will buy from cheeky again :)
this does as is advertised . i use to use avena lotion but that product was discontinued . this seems to work just as well as the avena product .
it was as ordered , as pictured and no complaints so far ! hoping my daughter will be able to use it for what she ordered it for !
i use this in the shower for 5 mins while doing something else like shaving or what not . i can tell a difference .
it will take off any amount of makeup with ease even my eyeliner that can be a pain and is great for my sensitve skin .
it's okay to use it , but it's very uncomfortable to use it . wish it was little more bit bigger opening .
love this nail file ! best i've ever owned . i was skeptical to try a glass one , but boy am i glad i did !
i love these sparkly little gems ! saving them for a really special occasion . great quality . arrived quickly . over all i am very pleased !
i bought this to drybrush my skin for exfoliation and cellulite reduction and it does a wonderful job . doesn't scratch like other brushes have .
i love this aztec clay removes all impurities from my skin feel movements in my face when i lay it relaxes me
purchased this for my daughter who is in college . this should last her the year . :) great buy for the amount .
sigma brushes are my preferred master is especially softness helps my eyeshadow blending to perfection your hair is extra soft
truly a nice fragrance - if a touch on the feminine side - but also a true luxuriance of lather .
a really nice body wash , cleans well , rinses wll too and leaves a great smell . well worth the money ! i highly recommend
love this , been using it for years on my nw25 skin . gives the perfect glow , never breaks me out . love
i loved this as a base coat . i like it because i don't have the tinted nails anymore i really enjoyed this product .
it's very strong scent of baby powder is too much and it doesn't do as it claims . don't waste your time or money .
these are so much fun ! ! ! i love the colors , the options , the variety ! you can mix and match , so much fun !
worked great for me . i combine this with a little self tanning lotion and my thighs are summer ready ! great product .
great value great tools for work i use them daily love them ill buy more thank you i have my entire nail salon using them we love them thanks again
nice not too greasy my hair is naturally curly and this cream does not weigh it down i put it in right after i wash and condition my hair
not breaking out is still good , but it would be better if it did as advertised and cleared up the existing pimples . :)
this cleans the blender sponge as well as any other product . i may try joy dish washing soap when this runs out .
just a drop is all you need cause this stuff goes a long way . i use this to stretch my ear lobes . i would buy this again .
i love it this smell so damn good on my man .. ladies you must buy this for your man he will like it
the make-up in this case has amazing quality.the colors are very pigmented.the color selection is really great . i love how everything fits nicely .
is a very good product as itself i don't know yet the results . for me is to liquid , i used before others brands that are more heavy .
one of my favorites . the product itself is of great quality and the color is nice and rich navy color with a little shimmer .
what can i say i love dotting tools great no complaints here thank u very much to who ever invented them
i love the product cant wait to use it with my gel nails . thank you the product was fine grain like i like them
perfect kohl , perfect color and love the defining powder ideasharp and clear .. so worth ityet wish the bottle was a little bigger
i really like this nail dryer . it really helps with quick drying gel nails and nail art designs on nails .
this brush does what it says it will do . the only negative is that it is hard to get stray hairs out .
very nice color , comes out lighter than you think it would . i would definitely buy again.it lasts a long time , and price is decent too .
fun items to use for nail art , especially during the holidays . we look forward to classing up our nails this season using these !
these metallic shaddows are another makeup lovers must have . great pigmentation and beautiful shaddows . :-) :-) :-) i reccomend this product to every makeup lover .
love doing my kid's nails and she loves designs . so i purchased these babies and they work great . have used them numerous times .
these colors are awesome ! such a great deal also . i was very happy with this purchase and will definitely be buying more of the shany products .
this is my moms favorite and only perfume she wears . it does go on strong . , but the scent lasts all day . m
this towel really absorbs water . i am ready to start on my hair only a few minutes after wearing this towel .
i love this because it doesn't dry out my skin . it removes makeup residue wonderfully , i would definitely recommend it .
i love these colors and they are more matte then shine which i like . soft colors and all complement each other .
didnt come with any instruction , there is no lid to that little container to protect the make up product from being spilled
very cute and reusable ! i take them to my nail lady and she glues them on after a fill and i can create so many looks with these !
beautiful nyx blush i definitely recommend it . it's kind of a light mauve / pink color with no shimmer . definitely recommend buying it !
my daughter had a lot of fun with this , she loves doing my nails , and they worked and looked really nice .
shampoo smells great , and leaves hair soft and dandruff free . it also helps to smooth frizzy hair which is a plus for dandruff shampoo
i used this right before i blew out my hair . after i blew out my hair my hair had so much body and movement . i love it
i bought this wig as a present for my sister , she really liked it and will consider buying a few more .
this item is great keeps your nail polish from coming off and gps on smooth so u can't beat the price with this
these are super tiny . idk i guess you could use them for a one time use i guess . you get what you pay for
this is a great product for a great price . it feels like salon quality and smells fantastic ! have bought two batches so far .
i just love this colors ! they is pretty and travel trios are so handy ! i would get more in other colors
absolutely no effect , the white film left on skin doesn't do anything . i should have made sure if there are pics of before-after , before buying .
this made my skin break out badly . i had to throw it away after the first use . it didn't work for me .
this is a great product . i highly recommend it . it will change your face with a clean and soft face . arrived on time .
it was a little effective but not near as much so as the plain vitamin c for half the price i bought from the same company .
it just makes small french nails and i like thick french nails , but i like italy ways . it works well
i like this blush a lot but have found other mineral products in retail stores much cheaper that work just as well .
this polish is off white with pink undertones and is good subdued polish . it is very pretty with a glitter tip . would make a good french color .
this product was okay but not wonderful . i was disappointed . bought " skin food bb cream in beige " and am very pleased with it .
love this shampoo . it smells great . it leaves my curly , frizzy hair very soft and manageable . i highly recommend this product .
well what can i say , this is a great product , it's good for it's price and the shipment was faster than i expected !
my must have . great for under eye circles . my top secret weapon that i need to buy every other month at least .
i am a nars fan and i love this blush ! terrific color ! use it every morning and it stays all day .
it is the best price ever comparing to the perfect quality , i can say it is a 100 % great deal .
this highlight adds shimmer which im not a big fan of , and the contour is pretty dark so have a light hand while applying .
i was expecting more from the mag oil . for me taking carlson liquid mag (8 00mg ) helped me more than this .
makes my hair soft and smell good i use it every time i was my hair which i am happy
i needed a new eyelash curler and i like this one . it works better than the cheap crappy one i have had for a few years now .
great product ... you can feel it moisturizing instantly . smells pretty good ! expensive for what you get , but worth it .
i don't think the gelish lasts as long as the opi in my opinion so i switched and i will not be buying any more gelish brand gels .
this is ok for short term but it quickly loses efficiency after about an hour . i have also noticed some residue from it .
i love the smooth feel of this lipstick and the vibrant color . exactly the color i was expecting . long lasting .
i loveeeee this brush although the handle fell off very easily i still use it its like the perfect brush to use ! ! !
i just love my konad will keep buying plates french tips are classic so cant go wrong with it love to get more
love this product . gives just the right amount of highlight for a finished look . i will definitely recommend and purchase in the futre .
it works great and does what it needs to do.its great for pressing hair and i love the high heat setting
i love this soap . it makes my skin feel really soft and doesn't over dry it . it also smells really great . it is really gentle .
i don't know how others have rated this so well , but i found it to apply and it just didn't cover the grey . nope .
love the smell of the cologne . not too strong or sweet . i always get compliments and questions on what i'm wearing .
when i was looking for a bonding product i knew that i could trust the opi name ! thank you so much
very nice subtle highlighter , i have used more expensive that didn't work as well--i find that elf products are less expensive but not cheaply made
liked uses for this ... like the vivid colors ... used it for other artistic applications . it was a little challenging when using intricate designs .
this uv light is great . use it with cnd shellac polish . followed drying times from cnd website for their shellac colours and works great .
don't need half of the brushes and tools but it is perfect for carrying things . i like their brushes in general though , soft and good for skin .
these colors are great for fair hair / skin . i have strawberry blonde hair and lightly freckled fair skin . hope this is helpful .
you get so many items in this kit . everything from makeup to nail products . a great gift for beauty lovers or the beauty beginner .
i was confused when the received bottle said my sugar baby instead of sugar daddy but it's the same color .
great texture and the color is gorgeous . love this product , and item arrived just as described .
these were surprisingly very good quality for the price , i was very impressed ! such an amazing deal and i will be repurchasing !
this product is very sudsy and leaves my hands soft . can't complain about that . i would definitely order this again .
dove men plus care thickening fortifying shampoo smells great . it does add great body and fullness to hair . it also cleans great .
product is as good as it gets.mlove the color works good will buy again when i run out ! happy stamping .
this has been the best product i've ever used and matches my skin-tone near perfectly . i can't imagine why it's been discontinued .
i did not have high hopes for this product at the price it was but no complaints at all ! i love them !
good control without being sticky . lightweight , nice smell . a good product for the price . i would recommend this hairspray for any kind of hair .
this was used to help grow edges and this is my first time using it . the recipe that i used called for the entire bottle .
i have very thick hair and these work great . great price for the quality and with 80 in the box it was a steal .
is not the best concealer but is not bad . i think is too soft but it helps with the foundation
this is a great pencil and very bright colored . i love to use it with my deep mauve lip colors or reds .
i love , love , love this fragrance . it's so clean and not overpowering at all . i use all the amazing grace products and love them ! !
i use this alot and it always pulls through . it's light and gives hair volume . i just put it at the roots and blow-dry !
this is a cream cleanser just like it says . doesn't lather up but it works ok for the price . i would use it for a good price .
decent polish to help your nails grow and strengthen them but not as good as nailtique in my opinion . wouldn't buy again
i used this along with fake bake and it worked great . this bottle will last forever . highly recommend ! ! love it
this shampoo will leave your scalp oily . so far it is working good , especially using it with the jamaican black castor oil protein hair conditioner .
my first curler and i'm very happy with it . buy some gloves because you might get your hands burned from the maximum heat .
maybelline always brings good products , color is as seen , thought it would be more pink , lasts all day , but the color is not for me .
it's cheap but really good ! it doesn't make my skin dry , instead , it makes my skin soft . also , the delivery is very fast .
this is nice you 12 color to chose from , the only thing is that they don't sparkle too much .
works very well ... love the shine and quality of this product ... wil buy again when im ready for another full order
never saw results with this product . the only thing that has worked for my dry , cracked lips in ohio's winter is vaseline !
this perfume has a sultry slightly fruity scent . it's addictive . i never tried this perfume before and i will be using this as my spring scent .
this stuff smells great but makes my hair stiff . guess u can have stinky hair or stiff hair . darn i was hoping for better
nothing like your red cherry or ardel . you are looking at halloween store quality with these lashes . i gave them to my daughter to play dress up .
i bought it coz i want dark pink but not proper dark colour i wanted to buy redish pink n this is perfect ...
i can't live without it . i'm 34yrs old with bad , frizzy , fine hair . this just makes my hair look soo good for months .
love gelish ! this is a beautiful color with shimmer ! ! the color looks better in person the picture does not do the color justice .
holds my makeup in place , very natural looking and feel , no breakouts and will last for a very long time .
don't like the color with my skin tone . will likely give it away to a friend who would use it .
its ok just very small amount in each container . i will be running out very soon but they are stillpretty
this lipstick is a beautiful color . i love this color , this is my first time using nyx lipstick matte . i'm happy with the purchase .
this is one of my new favorite must haves ! i love the " cucumber delight " eye gel's smell and it is very refreshing ! !
aveeno makes great products period . this was something quite indulgent , light but not greasy . my husband even tried it and like it !
the pink is very visible even on my very dark skin ! i receive tons of compliments when i where this eyeshadow ! good job , l'oreal !
it leaves a fresh and cooling feeling after application . i'd recommend it to anyone and everyone ! i've been using it for months .
my wife got this to stack hats on so they keep their shape . it works very well for that purpose . it arrived on schedule .
the person i gave it too really liked it . said she was about to use it . i don't have personal experience with it .
just clear with glitter ( small & big pieces ) . great brand / product and right amount of glitter . good to use over a color .
the price is right . i don't drink coffee and sometimes need something to keep me awake - this fits the bill .
i almost never leave my hair out or leave it natural . i have to worry about some much frizz . this tames my hair !
i think this would be fine if you used very little and watered it down in your hands . the smell is a bit overpowering though .
i didnt want to invest a lot since i am just starting with gel nails , but this product is great ! i have since ordered more .
great , but use twice daily like instructed . it won't " regrow " hair but you'll keep what you got and it will look thicker .
a good buy because this is one of the best products around . love my sunscreen from trader joes too . can't get through summer without them !
i prefer one that has longer mesh thru the wooden holder , almost to the hand . but on occasion i use this one also
great for dry skin during the winter months . helps my eczema feel better , but it does not replace medication to clear it .
great comb did what it said . combed thru my daughters and my hair without snagging or pulling . would buy again an recommend .
although i did receive this product for free , that does not mean that my review is biased . really has restored my " youthful glow . "
great quality - hair feels silky smooth , soft , looks shiny and definitely does not look or even feel greasy .
grandma shirley loves this perfume and the oil really lasts a long time and she smells great in this , she looks forward to getting this every chrismas !
i bought these to fit in my lunch bag . they are super handy , keep my breakfast and lunch packed in an organized way .
super skinny , great for doing cat eye perfectly . easy to apply and bold black color . slightly smudging as it is not waterproof .
i'd been using baby shampoo and a washcloth to do the same job and can't say there is any difference in the results or any improvement .
love the colors , they go on smoothly , and last the day without creasing.colors complement each other and love the fact that they are mineral based .
had too crush them a bit more but the colors are vivid and theproduct don't work well with all nail liquids
i love the color options for the very affordable price ! this product is great and my nails look super cute all the time ! :-d
smells awesome . dependable - been around awhile and works . not greasy.smells nice . moisturizes well . i've been using it for years now .
goes into your skin very well . nice and creamy . maybe a few lines are less , but the big benefit ishow it makes your face feel .
this doesnt do anything to help hairloss . just a hollywood effect product . look into rogaine or lipogaine if you're looking for hairloss produts .
great lotion , great price , and quality . i priced the lotion at walmart and target , not even close to your price and per ounces per bottle .
it didn't work for me at all , don't waste your money and try something better . i won't buy it again ! ! !
very gentle for sensitive skin and a good size to thoroughly cleanse the makeup off before washing . in a pinch , they will suffice without rinsing .
for sore muscles ... white egret topical magnesium spray sensitive skin , 8 fluid ounce ... we all are low on this stuff so will be using regularly .
great product for all types of hair , its a product worth paying for . truly food for all types of hair.it smells pleasing too .
i love this brush it is quick and affective.it looks flawless finish soo perfect for every day cut my time in half and looks better than normally lol
love how it took the shine away and felt clean . was not drying to the skin but definitely leaves a great clean look .
this product works very well even if you are an older individual prone to blemished skin issues .
very cheap price and works perfect last all day ... it's a liquid liner and an eyeliner very cool ! !
beautiful black case . it fit my cheeky and bm stamping plate . just wish it could hold more ... or maybe i should buy less plates
seem like a good price for all of these im happy with them its wasa good deal im happy with it
great for travel ! and great for everyday use.super soft brushes and they are that their best when used with mineral productsits a must have
does nothing for my blackheads , i don't even know what to say about it . i mean its nice to use for whiteheads but ...
pretty good conditioning cap , heats up quickly and stays warms for about 1/2 hour but does the job well . cap was delivered rather fast .
very special plates ! i love the way they are designed . i used some plates already and they stamped beautifully !
i love this eyeliner combo . it works so well and really makes your eyes pop with the highlighter . love it !
it is wounderful item , and the color match my skin wonderfuly . i love it so much . i will always buy this l'oreal item .
so far so good ! i'm happy with the results . my skin is not really oily since i've used this . like this product
my favorite eyeliner . i've used it for years . the self advancing liner is great and does last a long time .
this top coat has a strong odor , but it goes on smooth and shiny ... and best of al it dries really fast !
black is the new pink . it's sexy , sophisticated , & classy . this color can be worn with any style & looks great !
this cleanser is amazing ! i use it in the shower every morning . it does heat like it says it will and leaves my skin feeling fresh and clean
this product makes my nails look amazing there are so many designs i can do with these . people actually think i went to the salon .
smells awesome my daughter loved it and used it all up a twisted a candy and floral smell good job snookie
they work well enough . my only complaint is that some of the smaller brushes are so stiff that they can be uncomfortable on the delicate skin around my eyes
i purchased all 3 products in this line and like this one the best . it does what it claims to do and the price is great !
the facial wash is very gentle yet still cleans the oil . i ( works best with bubble net ) recommend for everyone .
i am very pleased with the different designs that i have received , very many different designs thank you again it worksgreat
strawberry is my favorite fruit but my skin never absorb it well and always stay on my face shining ! ah ...
i love it . exactly what i was looking for.it smells so good.this was a good deal for such big sizes of body wash
fall is my favorite season , and these colors are perfect for the outfits i'm about to be busting out of my closet soon ! !
i would describe this color as a very pretty shimmery slate grey . looks great on ! covered well with 2 coats .
this lipstick is so nice .. especially for the summer went well with my tanned skin .. but i'm sure it would look nice on any complexion.great buy
this stuff works pretty fast it takes redness and swelling down within hours and the pimple is gone within 3 days no blemish left behind
thanks for expediting and for making sure that it would not spill by covering the product . your time is appreciate
nice liked it . didn't last too long . it appears to help with under eye puffiness , which at 60 is becoming more apparent 1
i don't care what they say , crackle is not dead , especially fine shimmery crackle like these that look like textured polish
easy to use . great for my manicures . price is right too . i will be buying more of these in the future .
i love the packaging with the dispenser . perfect coverage , doesnt leave the skin oily . perfect for use it all the day
these plates are so much fun to use ! they are just as good or very close to the quality of the more expensive brands .
i thought this would help me with not getting oily . i still get oily . i could be using this for the wrong purpose
quick delivery , keeps my manicure looking good for a week , would recommend to anyone who uses polish and home manicures their nails .
i tried many brands of shampoo before . personally , i think this one is way better than the body shop shampoo .
these blend so nicely ! i really was skeptical but now that i have used them and compared them to others , i really can't imagine using anything else .
i love these plates ! this is my third cheeky plate i really wanted the holiday edition one and it's so cute !
i have been using this for some time now and it has really made a difference in the strength of my nails
can fill this with whatever fluid you choose , i have some with alcohol for my gel manicures and one with non acetone remover for regular nail polish
this will be lovely for halloween ! my fave in liquid sand is get your number but this is pretty as well .
works great actually has quite a bit of power ! ! my clients like it as well . thanks for the product ill buy here again soon
i cut these in a quarter size to use at the end of both of my eye . it is best value and works well for me .
has almost a chocolate smell-very pleasant . i can see when i am diligent that the lip lines are minimized to a great extent . best if used nightly-love it
i love love love this brush ! this islands down the best foundation brush on earth , you really can't find a better one !
use the lotion every day to assist in softening the skin . like the clean aroma that it also affords me .
came in the mail early . i love the colors . they are a little flimsy but still good for hair . especially for the price . love em .
good tool set and nice value . i thought these would be lower quality because of the price but its . decent set .
i liked this product because it makes skin beautiful and flawless . i've never used a foundation like it . it keeps skin looking nice all day long .
product was a total disappointment and a waste of money .. received product and it was hard not usable therefore i cannot recommend anyone to buy this product .
these are so stimulating as well as relaxing to use in the shower . i feel like my hair gets cleaner and my scalp is stimulated .
this leaves a white residue on the lips and it interfere with the lip stick that your putting on give it a cake up cracked look
i use it in the night before going to bed , my face looks bright & clear in the morning , it helps reducing the acne marks & fine lines
i've used this product for two months and it does not grow new hair . it make it feel thicker but alot of other products do that .
bought this for my daughter and she likes it , its a little hard to cut the pieces thin enough to put on your nails though .
the colors are quite a bit darker than anticipated , i had to wipe most of it off to get the soft color i was going for .
again the cnd shellac system is amazing and i will reccomend it to anyone ! it is so easy and nails turn out perfect every time .
do not care for this much at all . was dissapointed . color is just a bit off and it makes my face shiny .
i like the fact its recycled animal fur that is what made me by it . its not killing them for fur .
these work very well for every now and then use . i dont use them every day because i dont find that i need them every day .
i like this mascara a lot , it's thick , makes my lashes longer and doesn't flake off much or at all.it does the trick ;-)
i use this on my children . they had dry patches when i was using johnson & johnson . since i switched , the patches are gone .
good shampoo . i can tell does not damage the hair . my hair is smooth and frizz free . no scent as i like .
protects from sun well , but i don't like the greasy feel or how my powder goes on white looking over sunscreen
i love cnd shellac , long lasting and very good quality , the package size is much more convenient than the smaller one
i bought this machine after several years of going for microdermabrasion treatments . it works great and better then the old machines .
it's a pretty good size for the price , works , and smells great . came at date promised . would probably order this again . thanks .
the scent is exactly like cotton candy . i don't know how they captured the fragrance of spun sugar like that , but it's just wonderful .
perfect beginning set for doing french tips , and it works for anything even the other stamping images just take your time
they look like the foil hearts i meant to buy , but they are cute , but 3d and catch on everything bummer
i love them ! there are so many different colors ! i use them for my eyes and they stay on really nice . i recommend !
this product works as described and i love the results that i get when using this polish . it works great .
these are so cute , and work perfectly . great buy , and i had no issues receiving it . i use these very frequently .
i love this product you only need a small amount it goes a long way can also be used on scalp
just finished my first bottle and bought 5 more as gifts . i love this serum and it is now a staple in my skin care routine forever .
i'm using this along with the conditioner and am very pleased with both . nice products and safe unlike many that are claimed as " natural " .
i like this castor oil as a detangler for my hair . it leaves my hair softer , helps keep styles in place and offers shine .
i suck at putting on lashes , but on the occassions i get them on this works just fine . user errors
nice product but it's overpriced . for this type product , save the money and go with rimmel . for the best use kate sommerville .
gorgeous nail polish ! it has holographic glitters which adds to the sparkle.applies smoothly best if used with a top coat . highly recommended !
works fine , but i don't know how it's more special than the wide tooth combs for 99 cents at any superstore ?
it smells so good . kind of like starbursts :d this is a great product ! when i run out i'll definitely be re-purchasing .
these are cute good size on the nail all with little pearls this bow has a little curve built into it on the under side
very nice item ! i used this to style a wig and keep it in shape and it works well . will be back for a few more .
these things are cool . i'm still learning how to use them but just making dots are so easy now . easy to clean too .
i like this . but smears easy . nice when it first applies but doesn't last . won't repurchase . will try another brand next time .
great , fun polish for those days when you need a pick-me-up . this would be great especially for the summer . i love opi . i recommend it .
according to the wife " decent product , trim to fit then cut them in half because they are so much easier to put on . "
this too is perfect for traveling . i love the clear aspect of this bag . it makes it so easy to find everything . perfect size for make-up .
it makes me noticeably lighter all over . it does a good job at fading spots . i like it just fine .
a perfect low cost blow dryer . cheap . blows hot and cold . decent cord length . you just can't do better for the price .
i bought this set for a co-worker and now my only regret is that i didn't get one for myself !
i've purchased this product before because i am a fan of murad products and this one is as great as all the rest !
i have natural curls but i do have some frizz this mousse makes my hair extra curly with all that volume and not all stiffnand flaky definetly recommend .
love this oil , smell no problem . really gives hair what it needs . great product . seems carol's daughter is out with our secret on hsn-go girl !
opi has always had quality products . this pinkish hue ( pedal faster suzi ) is exactly as the picture illustrations and i loved it .
i was really hopping for the matte but instead i got halo ughhh other then that the colors are very pretty
easy to use non sticky non smelling leaves skin feeling smooth i prefer this over the regular vaseline because it drys fast
cannot tell any differences in skin . maybe if you used it longer or tried on a smaller area . i was using on hips / upper leg .
this collection will give me lots of options when adding glitter to my nails ! i am loving these so far .
this thing make a lot of noise , it might work but the noise gets on your nerves . i throw it away the first week .
i love this brush so much that i bought a couple of more ! it has so many uses and is such a great value ! absolutely love it !
love this toner , smells awesome and there is a lot in the bottle . works for acne without drying your skin out , and alcohol free .
normally avon made good products , this is a little greasy but dry fast , the results are good in the long run .
really good stuff ! my cuts from winter were long gone . i thought i was going to have to go to the dermatologist .
this is exactly what it is described as . it works well . it is a good skin color to wear under any wig
i bought it long time ago and i still have it . its very moisturizing and it dry fast i use for my body and feet
great product . i added this to shea butter to make my own body butter and the condition of the product was top notch .
i've tried several withe color from different brands and konad white is exactly what i was looking for , love it ... best white nail polish to do stamping .
i got this produce because i'm always doing other ppl nails they work very well so i would but this again .
love this shampoo - my dog smelled absolutely amazing after his bath . i think i found " gold " - will be buying many more of this product .
bought it to brush my beard . works absolutely magnificently ! well made , comfortable , no prickly bristles . keeps me looking like an outright respectable mountain man !
this stuff is really good and i'll always order it because it does what it's suppose to do . will purchase again .
great for preventing stretch marks , i bought this as a gift for a pregnant friend . do yourself a favor and buy the giant size .
i have used this before , and although it is pricey , this stuff really works wonders on my hair ! i will be repurchasing for sure .
i don ; t know if i was using this product wrong or the blemish wasn't ready to be taken care of , but it didn't work for me .
i love the color of this polish ; it is definitely pick ! also , it arrived promptly , and i didn't have to leave the house .
this is very pearly looking and i love it . opi gelcolors are great and this is no disappointment . i can't wait to try more colors .
this is better than the regular bonding glue . it glues and bands in more like 10 secs . superb product worth every penny .
if you are able and willing to do your own gel manicure these brushes are very nice . they are well made and designed .
great brushes . used them last night for a nail repair and they worked great . very pleased with the brushes . thanks .
i rate this a 4 because it is a good value for the low price . i am satisfied with my purchase
color is bright and vivid . zoya goes on so smoothly there is almost no need to worry about streaks . love it !
i have been using this on my kiddos hair and sometimes on mine and so far i love the results .. if bottle runs up i will buy more .
i've bought 2 of this already , this brushes are so soft , don't shed and the quality is better than mac
it was okay i assume . it glued well i just wish i had gotten the clear one instead of the dark .
this polish is rich and glossy . it's my favorite black , it dries quickly , and doesn't chip easily . would definitely recommend .
great purchase for the price . i love it when i find awesome colognes that aren't so expensive . great fragrance . it would be an awesome gift .
khaki bkj bib khb kh khb i hbkhb khb khb khb khb khb high hi hbjh bkj bib kb hbkhb khb k
these are so delicate and have been a joy to work with . the results of using this element in my nail art is beautiful !
this was a decent facial cleaner , which left my skin feeling comfortable . however , i couldn't quite get myself to enjoy the fragrance .
this brush allowes the air to flow through nicely . it is light and very easy to handle . one of my favorite brushes
i am very pleased with this product . the order arrived fast and the product lasts you a long time , you dont need to apply much .
i bought this to clean my brush set i purchased . i tested it out on a brush with black eyeliner on it and it works perfectly .
i love the floral aubrey shampoo products . this one works well for my dry hair and smells nicely as well .
this perfume smells so real , remind me of real roses once i had in my garden . definitely for someone looking for a natural scent .
nice true red color . no shimmer , just glossy one tone red . nice to match with a true red lipstick for a vintage look .
this is the first time i bought this product . i do love the smell and it seems to work well .
great smell , leaves skin soft and great price ! also lathers well . will definitely buy again ! ... this product line never let's me down .
this hairband was a gift for my niece . she was so happy when she got it , she wore it to school the very next day .
this cream has wax in it , great for the nails , and really makes your skin look years younger ! i use it at night
i bought these on a whim . they are much easier to work than other brushes . the price is pretty good as well .
its a nice and economic coconut oil . i apply it all over my body to fight winter dryness and it works .
this is a great bright red color , i wore it on american independence day . probably would not wear it every day
to expensive and it really doesnt do as it say but goes on nicely is about it and a good smell
use on nail it did not stay on long i guess i did not use right for someone thatknows how use
as said before no fan but this works just fine . it cures gelish polish great . i would recommend it to someone just starting out with gel polishes .
while i love using cnd shellac but i not this particular color . so next time i will purchase a different color .
doent show up well but i perfect primer , im happy with this but not tottally happy is ok and i like it now . its kinda growing on me
if you are looking for an eyeliner that smudges , this eyeliner is for you . careful though , it can be hard to control sometimes .
too bad it is not paraben free like the it's a 10 volumizing shampoo.would have loved to try this but not with methylparaben ! purchased alteran instead which is paraben-free
l'oreal paris voluminous original mascara is good for me as i have sensitive eyes and had trouble finding a mascara until i used this product
this brush is made very cheap and the bristles will fall out very fast and easy . i would not recommend this to anyone .
the small kit was purchased for a traveler and it works as expected . the case has everything that is needed .
these are great lip iners in all different colors , and they don't brek easy nd last a long time . recommeended
if you have very long bushy thick eyebrows , this thing can rly improve ur eyebrows and give them a beautiful shape :)
this cologne smells like dust do not waste your money on this cologne smells like something very cheaap do not waste your time ore your money
holy grail powder right here ! it's amazing . makes your makeup look airbrushed and is so affordable . works better than high end powders . highly recommend !
i love them ! they work well , very easy to use . and for a great price too . i will be buying more here again ..
i like mrs meyers because its natural and it has aromatherapy too . i cleans up with a pleasant smell to boot .
the nail polish does not apply evenly and it chips super easy . this is the 3rd color i've tried from this brand and will not try anymore .
this is an excellent product , i recommend it for all ages.given time you will see a big improvement in skin tone and ckarity
i hate this product . it's not even sticky and it comes out far too thickly . i'm extremely disappointed . i needed eyelash glue .
this is a beautiful scent , i've gone through five bottles of this stuff . i've gotten lots of compliments from wearing it , it does lift your spirits (:
i love these brushes . they are very soft . i love the case it came in and i love the fact this is travel size .
i love this stuff . truly does work like they say . second time ive ordered more so i don't run out . fast service too .
easy , breezy arched brows ! quick to use makes brows look great . would purchase again . comes with stencils shadow & brush
i use it everyday i like it . it's soft on my skin no burnings no rash . i will get more .
love this hairdye , they stopped selling it in stores , only place i can get it now ! perfect blue black vibrant color ! does wash out easily tho
awesome colors love love love this ! ! ! every woman needs these colors . goes on easy and smooth and lasts all day .
i ordered two of them for a friends birthday party , smell great , and i'd buy more of them next time .
my daughter is wearing make-up for the first time and this product has worked very well for her . i would recommend it .
great product . really does a beautiful job on all hair types . would purchase it for friends and family . great gift .
i purchased this as a gift for someone who is a lifelong fan of this perfume . the price was right and the product did not disappoint .
i love nessus . i am older and this had improved my hair after a month . give it a try and i think you will agree !
this is a great product . i've tried the copycats ( only when the pedegg wasn't available ! ) and none of them come close .
easy to pour , refill saves money , does not dry out my hands.buy six and save even more ! easy to store and dispose of .
this is the only soap allowed in our home ! it works great for out mechanic as well as for me , the housewife .
my wife is african american and i bought this pressing comb for her . she loves it . it heats up nicely and gets the job done .
i love this stuff . i think it works great and doesn't irritate my skin at all , which i think i have pretty sensitive skin .
i love this cleanser , but actually ordered the one with fragrance ( hence the four stars ) . will order fragrance free next time .
a really good one , gives a bold black long lashes , that lasts all day long ! !
love the brushes . they are wonderful ! they are soft , but have amazing coverage . i am so glad i got them
i really like these studs , adds a cool effect to nail art . it's so many ways to use these babies . i will order again .
wasnt my favorite , its a very dark and strong manly musk . if the musk smell is you then this would be good for you .
part of my regiment family . obagi is part of my daily and nightly routine which keeps my skin smooth and glowing .
this product doesn't stay on very long to me , in my opinion but other than that it works good ... for as long as it sticks .
i love my little bottles - service was fast and none were broken - would use this vender again and recommend to friends
i love this cuticle oil . it is very moistizing for my cuticles which get dry frequently . i would recommend this product .
this is a great concealer , comes with a lot of product . i will definitely be buying the neutralizer . a + concealer .
a great prodcut that does not dry your skin out but blances out the oily and dry areas . i love all the obagu products
i use escape daily and it always has gotten positive remarks from both sexes . i enjoy the fresh scent that is not overpowering .
did not do anything for my skin . i am african american . no results .
the product shipped very quickly which i loved . the brushes are soft and efficient . only thing is that some of the brushes are the same .
the attachments do not hold as well as i had hoped but i use bobby pins it looks real matches perfect to color .
i love this stuff . i just wish there was more in the bottle though , it goes to quick . but it works great .
colors are brighter than shown but its also hard to see colors with the pics online . i have lots of ideas on how to use them .
i should have bought a lighter shade . make me look orange not a fan art all , suits on counter not being used
omg what in the heck is this stuff and no way on earth that these pens are for nail art waste of time and money its not polish or gel
easy to use very good material do not break become loose like other kinds which i tried before and it looks nice
i love essie polishes , but this shade is completely astonishing . it's the perfect mint color and as always with essie , it lasts long .
great invention . it saves time , because you don't have to clean up smudges after putting on your mascara . it works exactly as they claim it does .
these are beautiful ! i love them and i love decorating my nails with them , they are cute and sparkly . a definite buy
i love to do design work on my kids nails . these brushes have allowed me to retain my creative side !
always a fool proof product for me . even in humid weather it holds . great feel to my hair also . still continuing to use after 5 years .
like the different sizes of the dotting pens . can save money at the nail salon by doing my own designs .
and natural too . the biggest flaw ? even with the proper amount of acrylic overlay , they are very fragile and break very easily .
fusionbeauty lipfusion micro-injected collagen lip plump gloss should be an essential part of your beauty routine ... why ? because it actually works !
love this stuff ! use it on everything , acne , fingernails , shampoo etc . its a great products and great alternative to other chemical products .
i love olay - i try other more expensive products and i go back to olay .
prett color but you need 4 coats and a top coat for it to get like the picture ! otherwise nice color
i ordered this product but never recieved it . so i purchased it from a store . i jst love it ! works great
wonderful jewell tone . it is a nice deep colour and is second only to ocean wave as my favourite gelish colour .
doesn't leave you sticky , has a great refreshing smell , and it's a very big bottle . i love this lotion and will be purchasing again .
this is it nice for the summer time when your skin gets a little more dried out and works great on a sunburn
have only used it for a week or so , but it seems to work ok . i like the clean smell and the way it lathers .
keeps my brushes looking new by reshaping them to their original form.so glad i finally bought these & what a great price !
smooth color love it good for blending or just alone . looks ice with a little glitter over it to if you are going out at night
firming and hydrating - great product ! ! ! smooths and restores and revitilizes skin . great primer under concealer . lots of vitamins . thank you !
i never had a problem with the scunci brand and i've been using it for years . durable and last a long time . highly recommend .
great for holding hair in place while styling . the " rubberized " texture is especially helpful . 4 were more than enough , but i ordered 8 .
i use these on craft project's and nails and on clothes for adding trim and fancy motifs they are easy and quick even on paper
the item i received was not as described . there are not different sizes or shapes , all the gems i received were one size .
these were so inexpensive and easy to use . one of the tips fell out of one thus the reduced stars .
it remains to be seen if this product actually works . i have used it faithfully and am still waiting for expected results .
i've been using this for about 2 years now and it's wonderful ! i would recommend it for anyone who wishes to get the best for their skin .
it's ok , but i feel like it's too small and too expensive to justify the cost . i won't be buying it again .
this stuff is so thick and pasty . this definitely is not for women of color . i wish i would have listened to other reviews .
looooove my mash plates ... so many designs it is hard to decide which one to use ... they are just gorgeous ... glad with my purchase ...
i love these cute brushes . they are a great alternative to the higher-priced counterparts . i will definitely be purchasing these again in the future .
really good soap , doesn't dry out your skin . it leaves your skin smooth and fresh feeling . i use it every day .
only 4 of the colors actually changed color with temperature . the 2 glitter ones would not color change at all :( but the other 4 worked as expected !
i use this 1-2 / week and love how good my hair feels afterward . i have thick , curly hair and this helps manage it .
love it love it love it . great product ... i just love the way it makes my hair feel .. highly recommend ! !
sister loves all nail items and these are nice for little extras you can't find everywhere . nice and different for nails .
these shadows are great ! colors are great for summer because they are so bright i'm in love with them ! and the box is so cute !
this is a great conditioner , it is thick and leaves your hair feeling strong and clean . i sometimes will leave it in overnight for extra moisturizing !
i was able to find several kerastase shampoo products through amazon , and having a pump makes them so much easier to use in the shower . fast shipping .
easy to apply and looks beautiful on your nail . my daughter used to make starry night nails for new years
i don't break out that easily anymore , but each time i have used this soap i have broken out . i don't know which ingredient contributed to that .
this hair clip was wayyyyyy to small for me to use on my maid of honor's hair . i had to hurry and buy a different one
opi rocks ! another example of a great polish in an awesome color ! if you havent tried opi do so . its worth the $ 8 . !
it really doesn't do much to my lashes at all . i was really disappointed . this got decent reviews , but ii am not seeing an of it .
just wish this wasn't so expensive . very soothing after peels and retin a . i will buy this always . excellent product
love the different sizes and the bottom is dull so glue can adhere well to the nail . i will probably order more soon .
nice packaging , very sleek looking . great pigmentation and blends very well on the skin ! ! i will be repurchasing this item ! !
i would recommend it . the color is nice . this is matt but the color look good . not dry , like some other color .
it is a good product , works well . but i would not use it every day as a regular dryer , cause it gets very hot .
this soap smells delicious ! i geared it to make my own laundry detergent and it keeps the laundry area smelling good and my clothes nice and crisp .
it's a lil small but hey it's cheap it works well and it's really is the perfect size ! ! i love it and i would recommend it !
detangles my hair somewhat but i don't notice it being any different than a regular brush . not impressed with it at all . wouldn't recommend getting .
love love love super shine ! dries under uv lamp quickly.came when it said it would.brand new sealed in box .
love the soft product , cleans well , smells good , and leaves your hands feeling soft . do recommend to others especially lavender and chamomile
this is an outstanding product ! it works very well with the face wash . it is refreshing and feels great on your skin ! !
this is a great produce . olay professional pro - = x wrinkle smoothing cream anti aging , i recommend it to anyone . thak you .
great tool . if you do your own manicure it a good tool to push cuticles back , and cleaning the dirt from under nails .
sigma tapered blending - e35 is very good . the sigma brushes are very soft and cute . loved it ! is my favorite . i recommend to everyone .
a beautiful deep navy blue with tons of big and small sparkles , exceeded my expectation . i love all the gelish colors .
this is a great eye serum . i am beginning to realize that you can't go wrong with anything oil of olay !
the was a great value over what i could buy at stores like ulta . it works well and gives my hair body and thickness .
my skin is dry and likes argon oil so i thought i would try the cream ... super moisturizing ! i think i like it better !
i bought three should of checked the ingredients ... methylparaben / butylparaben / ethylparaben / propylparaben , i threw it out !
this was the first shellac color i tried when they first came out . it's a favorite , go to color that seems to look great on everybody .
i love dove hair care products . they smell great and they always leave my hair feeling super soft and super clean .
although i received this product for free that does not mean that my review is biased . my skin is so smooth after using this !
these were ok . pretty colors but they dont stick good . also i would have loved some type of directions with them .
this gives great coverage i just wish that this came in different shades ! i would totally recommend this to anyone with medium toned skin !
perfect - a touch of red without actually being too red . moisturizing , so lips don't dry out during the day .
if you have curly hair ... no suds shampoo will not strip itor dry it out ... sometimes i wash my hair using only the conditioner
fantastic price , however , i feel this argan oil is quite thick compared to other consistencies . really for this price though i'm not going to complain .
it is what it is ... a sturdy and functional product . it is not flimsy and it seems like it is well-made .
lightens dark marks , clear pores and gets rid of dead surface cells i've tried other retinols and this is like pharmaceutical grade retinol
great for dry - dry skin . adds so much moisture to the skin . use it daily to take away any ash from your skin .
i love this stuff so much ! it smells so good ! ! ! i get complements about the smell all the time , no perfume necessary .
this perfume is absolutely wonderful ! ! ! i haven't liked a scent this much in years--this one is number 1 with me now ! ! !
love my konad plates , they are the best , i receive lots of comments when i use them , definitely will be purchasing more
st ives makes great products , they always have and always will . this stuff works and i'd highly recomend any st ives product to anyone .
i think this was more of a red color i was looking for it to be a little more peachy or pinkish
works good to correct any overage of nail color . easy to use and tips seem to last quite a long time . i would recommend this product !
i thought they would be bigger for some reason . they were just too small for me and my eyes . good for little girls or one time use .
i love this stuff ... has a pleasant cocoa-y fragrance and applies smooth and the amount is quite good for the price - i would purchase this again .
i have short , fine hair this product made my hair weighed down even using at night the next day was oily looking even after washing it
i have tried lots of glues . this one works best . even their brush on bonds quickly and easily . it is easy to apply and less mess
i am in love with the rose gold shade of this color . it is a very shiny and pretty shade .
nothing special , i actually use it for blending my eye shadow now . as far as brushes go i'd say it's nothing but overpriced .
wow , these are great quality . they stamp very well . the images are clear and the fine detail is great . you wont be disappointed with this set
love this i ordered the coral its my go to lipstick i just love how it looks on me only complaint is it came a couple days late
good color selection , decent mid-coverage but isn't heavy , super blendable , great value for the price . will keep using this product .
the only thing i did not love so much was how curved the french tips were ... they really have a sharp curve to them .
i love the liners and the colors . excellent value for the price . i would recommend this product to anyone who uses these colors of lip sticks
i have dry combo skin . i like this mask it helps calm breakouts . does not dry skin out . leaves it hydrated and feels tingly .
this is a well made brush and does what it is intended to do . what more can i say . thanks
works perfect , bristles didn't fall out , great value . i use it everyday and it is a good way to wash your face .
great product ! goes on smooth and feels so good on . i use it on my neck and face everynight before bed .
goes on smoothly and is a nice color . works well with most colors of lipstick but is especially good for browns .
the only top coat i will use . love this stuff so much ! makes my manicure last a week and some change :)
it works but it takes time . it wont lighten you a good shade if you do not use a lightening cream with it .
these are not my favorite . these are pretty colors however ; have ruffled edges and loop upward odd shape . some where cracked when i received them .
i really like this product . it's not my favorite scent , but the formula works really well for my type of hair - a little oily and fine .
it was an okay buy , it really didn't work for me though , but i would recommend it still for those who have non sensitive skin
it's a good product to keep unruly eyebrows in place . however , it's a little pricey . elf has a similar product for 1 dollar .
i bought this for my mom and she absolutely loved it ! however i thought it would be much bigger since it only fits inside of my palm .
i have very pale yellow hair . my roots are virtually white without toner . this barely makes a change . i was very disappointed .
it's beautiful ! ! i love this palette but you can buy it for less on nyx online ... it's expensive buying it from this company ...
i have adult acne that will not go away . i need to use this steadily to figure if this works for me .
my wife use it and it soften her hair . she use it twice a week , and she feel comfortable . she would keep buying it .
nice product to use with gelish nails--but you can use alcohol in its place . this is slightly less drying than using alcohol alone .
lacoste essential is a great perfume as lacoste makes great products . also , this is my second time of ordering it and wold recommend it to anyone .
good moisturizer but don't expect to see any eyebrows or eyelashes growth . great conditioner though . will probably not buy again
there are so many colors , and it's so affordable . it's the perfect gift . oh yeah , and its pretty fun to play around with . (:
if you're doing a smokey eye or a cateye these are perfect ! the length at the outer corner makes your eyes pop !
i have limited counter space in my bathroom , so this was a great find , for a good price . the item also arrived fast .
these were nice.they don't print as well as other ones but i will work with it.still glad i bought them .
i have very fair thin eyebrows i am platinum blonde and this kit fills in beautifully for my brows . i love it .
not exactly what i expected but it smelled wonderful regardless ! good deal for what you're getting ... not as much lasting power as most people say .
very warm and earthy - stays on my skin all day . i have to use a very small amount of this one as it's strong .
i've bought this at macy's for more money . it's very good stuff , on the sheer side & has benefits for your skin .
perfect size . not too big and bulky . perfect to keep in your purse and use anywhere anytime . nice little file .
good quality , the pigments are great . shimmers plus some matte colors , all are beautiful and last for hours without touch ups ..
i love this . it is almost like a light clay and holds all day but doesn't feel heavy . great base for eye make up also .
this smells good my kids love it , it smells like pomegrante and citrus to me , it lathers well and rinses well iam purchasing again .
you will love these . they aren't the thickest , but they look more natural , and they are durable . i like them .
i love philosophy products but this is one of the best . leaves your facial skin feeling soft , smooth and hydrated.great for the rest of your skin too !
travel with your brushes and have a place to stand them up as well.this is awesome and i love the look ! ! !
it made my skin so soft , i really liked it . did not make my skin greasy at all . i would recommend it .
it doesn't work , i tried adding more than 6 drops still it doesn't thine the polish i even tried different polishes .. i don't like it
this product was good and as advertised . happy with it . the decorations were a little mixed up but still fine . would order from this seller again .
this one does not look as magical as it shows on the picture . most of the flecks come out as gold . but it still looks cool
i have ordered this before , i love them smell , the fact that it is light and not heavy on your hair , great product !
wonderful face wash . we have used it for years . the tea tree oil makes it both refreshing and extremely effective .
color is good , but i had to drag the pencil quite hard over my eyes . also , it tended to evaporate into my eyes quite quickly .
great product ... just as described and i thought they were a bit pricey but they are not cheap quality so i think its good ...
i buy this for my salon 21.00 $ this is amazing price and always the healthy sexy hair wonderful stuffi love it
well , these colors are just like using crayons ( imho ) . doesn't last , doesn't stick , does nothing for me whatsoever . too bad ...
the brush tips are slightly different from what was shown but they are forth it since they were so cheap .
this produce came on time and is exactly what i ordered . i was pleased with this and they look nice over a french .
this is a high quality shampoo and it does leave your hair shiny.amazing deal here in amazon.plan to buy more when my family runs out .
i love essie and this color is light like sand , just like the name says . a great spring and summer color .
this is a nice shampoo with a pleasant scent . it left my hair feeling soft and manageable . my husband tried it and he also liked it .
nice quality . great construction . holds up well . no problems with this item . i get compliments on this every time i wear it .
i haven't completely used this yet but i brought this to make me slimmer , and it doesn't do that . the jar only says for cellulite .
i love love love this eyeshadow . it is such great quality . the colors last all day without creasing or smudging . the price is excellent !
i use this daily and it is perfect for my skin . it doesn't dry it out and my face feels fresh and clean afterwards .
i feel like this product produces the same result as a $ 200 peal from a medical spa . smaller pores , less blackhead , and smooth / soft skin
zit-free back in just 1 week ! ! ! buy it withaquis exfoliating back scrubberand they work wonders ! you can show off your back wherever , whenever !
i saw some one review it on a you tube channel and purchasaeed it , i will not repurchase this as it wasnt anything special and some what drying
i tried this and it just makes my shadow look chalky . i went on and bought the urban decay primer .
works great ! would absolutely recommend to anyone . i've been using this product for years . worth the money for this product .
great for people who do makeup daily and need a quick tool instead of a huge brush for lower lashes
they work perfectly ! thanks ! i like the different size of tips on the tools . big dots , little dots . love it .
product works just as described . does not irritate my acne prone skin . leaves skin feeling soft and smooth .
i just got this brush in the mail yesterday and i am so in love with it . works so well ! sigma brushes are great !
odd at first but wonderfully relaxing . it's my daily treat ! can't way to stretch my toes at the end of each day :)
this base coat drys off very quickly . you can also use it as nail polish . it will make your nails shining . love it .
nail rhinestones . these look cute on my nails , and they were cheap . i love them . what else can i say .
i love this foundation . recommend to all who have extremely oily skin . how has high coverage , usually use it to go to weddings or evening parties .
this brush has quickly become one of my favorite foundation brushes . it blends flawlessly , it's super soft and will last forever . thank you real techniques !
this is great for dry hands . i put it on every night during the winter . keeps your hands soft and smooth .
glides smoothly on skin , works perfectly under the eyes . :) definitely met my expectations and the price is worth the shot ! try it ! :d
great product ... goes on smooth and keeps polish in place . shipping was great as well .
its the same product they use in the nail salons .. i really like the colors and shapes . love it thank you
these work so well , that i will continue to buy them here for the insanely good price . the salons charge triple for the both of them .
love this color blue , for my nail stamping.would recommend this color , to any one.will be purchasing more in the future
brag brand , great colour ! what more can i say ? i will be buying this shade again . particularly nice for summer wear , or cruising season .
great price , and shipping was fast , need to but more , smells really good . product works great in my hair , leaves it moisturized and smelling great
this stuff is quite amazing ! i have been using it at night as a spot-treatment and it seems to help a lot .
these are great for different size dots on nails . haven't used it yet for marbelizing . very easy to use with a comfortable grip .
there's nothing to dislike on this product ... is such a great age rewind is amazing stuff . i'm happy with it . i will recommend this product .
not quite as stiff bristled as i would like , but it is better than any other i have to date
i absolutely love this ! i can curl the ends or leave it straight with the twist of my hand . great quality !
loovee i'm matteing even my own nail without polish . i absolutely love it . once i runs out i'm buying another one . dasss it
they work well in my thick hair and are very convenient to use . they seem a little big , but they still work .
this is exactly what we were looking for . we use it to make lines and remove afterwards and we are using it to give accent . color and more
in true opi fashion , this color is beautiful and the quality of the polish is exceptional . you can never go erin with opi
its like a neon vibrant painting in front of you , you have so many to choose , and you can use it as blush too .
i really thought that the dots would be more as shown--but no they are not--but i do like this polish
didnt see a huge differance but i did used liberally since i paid for it . i prefer the lotion and cream forms.fast shipment and safe packaging .
love it . as many other colors in the euro centrale line , i love the formula of these polishes . beautiful colour .
i love the way it works with my very stubborn hair . the smell is awesome too . a little goes a long way .
i love these concealers , they work great and very pigmented i would def . buy again and i get great use out of the product !
does not work . do not buy . awful smell and does nothing to the skin . i used this for 3 months and saw absolutely no results
beautiful dark red color . goes on smoothly and evenly . i like to wear this color in the winter it brightens your hands . love this color .
i bought this as a tool to help remove shellac nail polish and it worked great . also nice for it's real purpose of pushing cuticles .
i didn't see any major changes . i get the same effect , if not better from using an antibotic creme / ointment on my pimple .
nice set ! ! ! i would of given it a better rating but my caps came unglued to the applicator so it is difficult to open the gloss .
don't bother buying this product . buy 1.25 box of baking soda & mix it with water . you just save yourself some money .
this product works very well . keeps my curly hair stay very moisturized . it has good ingredients and smells great too !
my daughter loves this cold cream to remove her make-up . it doesn't irritate her skin or eyes and smells wonderful !
i am fair , and oily and this is the best powder i have found for my problem . i love love love it !
i love this scent . its never too overpowering like perfumes can be . it is sweet and powdery , with a definate feminine twist .
i did not like the smell and it was too greasy for me . i gave it to my boyfriend and he likes it for his rough hands .
love essie polish ! i had to have this color because its great for summer and for accents . a must have !
i use this for my boys who both have eczema . one has it worse than the other and this works for them both . highly recommend it !
i have sensitive skin . this is very nice and makes my face feel soft . great price too . will buy again
i thought the brush on this mascara wasn't deep enough , but it curls my lashes just prefecty and doens let too much mascara on !
these are the worst fake strip lashes you could ever purchase . these are only good for practicing strip lash application .
this eyeliner had to be old . it would not come out of the pencil , and when it did it broke . not happy at all .
got he product in a decent amount of timeproduct as describedgood selection of colorswould have liked them more if they were hard instead of being rubber
i use this on my hair before flat ironing or using my blow dryer and it helps keep the color longer and not be brittle and dry
i just received this product and am satisfied with the product . i hope to see an improvement in my complexion with continued use .
this seems to hold my brow make up in place pretty well . i use it a few days a week .
a thickener but it definitely helps keep your hair in place.its not gooey or sticky and like a nice light spray . good for the day .
it hurts alot but i saw results fast . remember to clean this with alcohol before and after each use becuase it goes in your skin .
they took forever to get but they were very cheap . they work well so far . true to the picture and cute .
great product to cover thinning hair between colors . didn't like the spray attachment i bought extra.sprinkling it on works fine
this product goes on tinted and is non greasy . it works but not abruptly . i've had no problems with it .
this thing needs a handle . i tossed it after my first unsuccessful attempt . i can do better by just having a little bit of patience .
i use this on a scar from the surgery i recently had and it worked really well . the signs of the scar have lessened
i really like this blush and in a nice small container . so when i travel it doesnt take much room .
this product is not what i was looking for as i tried to order a different type of cologne . however , it's okay and isn't as bad .
this product is okay it takes a lot of pressure for the pressing pad to go down . itas not like going to the nail salon
more greenish aqua than blue . it sparkles so much if you do 3 coats . i get compliments on this color every day .
too light . i expected deeper browns . the texture is not all smoothe and feels dry . definitely could not wear alone this a clear gloss on top .
they are cute , various designs , they are bigger than i thought , but i think they still look good on nails .
i saw these at sallys very expensive . it is worth wating the time . they are nice and come in all colors .
perfect eyeliner . this eyeliner very clear on my eye . i am bought more and more of eyeliners pencil but is not clear
these are so pretty and i love all the colors . the price is amazing and the case they come in is so cute . shine on :)
cleans my face well with the added benefit of vitamin c which has been a proven anti - aging ingredient
this product does not stay on for too long . i've used other products and this one is my least favorite . it lifts too easily .
look no further for the perfect shade brush . i have small eyelids and this brush actually gets right into my crease and glides effortlessly . love it .
i love this eyeshadow quad , i use it for my eyebrows , and it cannot be found in stores anymore unfortunately
darkest brown was more of a light brown . it did not give me the look that i was looking for . very disappointed .
cool summer color , very neon in color but very fun . my nieces love it ! ! ! they like to do every other finger with this color .
love the results ! even skin tone small pores , smoother skin ! great price ! gentle on skin , no irritation ! would buy again
arrived on time but the color was a little darker than i thought it would be . i will try again in a lighter color .
i use the one with the point on one end more often , but if you get larger pimples , this one will do the trick , vs.popping .
i use these to store essential oils in and take them in my purse when i leave the house . absolutely perfect and they are a nice size !
cheap , nice color , isn't sticky , goes with everything ... what more can you ask ?
what can i say ... i love the comb and it works out great i leave it in the shower soooo ...
because i like the product this brand and the supplier was prompt and gave me just what was described i will use this supplier in the future
this foundation is amazing it makes you face look so flawless and mate all day . i have tried some high end foundations and this is so much better
all real techniques brushes are awesome i haven't used one that i didn't like they pick up product very well and blend out even better
i heeded another feedback and glad i did . used 1/2 teaspoon and it cleaned my clock the next morning . very sour tasting-like a super sour candy .
this stuff is absolutely wonderful , and works well for very damaged hair . i highly recommend it ! !
clearasil , very refreshing feeling , love the scent very lite not loud perfume scentwould definetely recommend this product leaves my skin feeling clean and refreshingalso removes makeup really well
love this set ! the different sizes are great , lots of decorating options .
excellent shampoo , and far less expensive than the most known one . leaves hair nice and silky and doesn't strip your hair color .
a bunch of marketing strategies leading to disappointment and a waste of hard earned money . terrible ! ! consumer beware of fancy labels that speak natural .
this is another one that is good to apply , but it is red brown . i just can't find brown family without the red trend .
better than the ones i use in class , its stick vey tight to your fingers right size wont shift atall
great deal for the price - awesome color that will work great all season ! even great for office wear , much recommended !
i bought this for my mom . she liked it and ordered more . it appears to work better than the pills .
heats up very fast leaves my hair very soft and smooth great width on the heating plate i recommend this product .
i never got the chance to even wear it because as soon as i went to put it on , it snapped . it was definitely not worth it .
this has made me so happy . now i can work more effectively with my clients . scalp treatments here i come .
i use these oils for making my own fragrance mixtures . they are high quality . i like them and i recommend them .
this product was ok . a little too thick for my liking and i didn't like the smell so i would not purchase this item again .
very average and although i have short hair i still need to use a conditioner with this shampoo / conditioner combo . would not purchase again .
i would say this tanning lotion is good but it is not the best i've had . so for i think believe and swedish beauty are better .
price was right and delivery was prompt . i have been using the cnd shellac system for a year now and like it very much .
nice array of brushes for all of your makeup needs . the leather case is soft , compact and protects the brushes .
i bought this soap to lighten my arm pits and my intimate area . it did a pretty good job . i'll keep buying .
these are great and i can reuse each pair a couple of times . these look very natural and definitely a great bargain .
i have gotten other neon colors before and they appeared dark , but these ones are the definition of neon . i love them
this cleanser is so soft and mild but yet does the job leaving your skin so soft and clear . i am glad i use this product .
i love this ! just so expensive ! hence the 4 stars .. otherwise it'd be a lifesaver . still helps smooth out the hair !
i'm still getting used to this product . however , it goes on smoothly and adds much needed moisture to dry skin .
i wouldnt call this perfect but it works okay . it didnt clear my bumps overnight but helped with the color and size . takes a few nights though .
does not last long and itches ! not recommended because light brown goes over gray as dark grey ! so look further .
i think would work best with think hair .. but it does work with thin hair just not a good look .
this product is great for my hair , especially my dry ends.it also smells yummy which means i am more likely to continue regular use
love love love it ! this brush is amazing . love the way how it feels so soft working on the lid .
i bought this a few months ago applied on targeted areas , i used everyday until bottle ran out , no difference .
i've used olay regenerist and difinity for years , and now pro-x . i have always been very pleased with olay , even more so now with pro-x .
i like the scent , not too strong and it lasts all day . it's growing on my wife as well . i will probably buy this again .
pros : fast dryingsticks until you want to removedoesn't hurt when i peel it offnice colorcons : smells like shrimp or has some funky odor
i love nail art , and these help a lot , so easy to use and i got them early which it's great , the colors are cute .
i love trying new mascaras . this one was okay . i wouldn't say it was the best or the worst . it was just average .
avnt tried this yet bit will be doing dat pretty soon cos i think am getting tired of dark colored eyeliners
this works better than the one prescribed by my doctor and cost much less . will buy again .
the tapes tear and are very hard to get off the roll in a long strip . they are not very good quality .
i love these lashes . if you are looking for a little more then just your mascara then these are perfect .
i hate anything with fragrances in it and this shampoo does not have a smell at all and it works fantastic . i would never use another kind !
i enjoyed using this brand of argan oil . it feels really good on the skin and lasted a long time .
this is the best polish you can get next to cnd's shellac but that's a different story . love the color names - opi i love you .
this is nice haven't use really yet waiting to come up with the perfect design to use with them ! cute on little girls nails
i love how earthy this smells and 16 ounces is going to last me forever . it makes my skin so soft !
is this a good base . i recommend them as making a cost analysis and quality is this basis that best goes to my taste .
i like glitter type nailpolish , it is subdued , yet beautiful.the pale pink is a beautiful shade.not much more to say about it .
this works great for exfoliating prior to self-tanner , gets the hard to reach places - what else can i say ?
this brush may probably be one of the best brush among ecotools brushes . pretty soft and the quality is not bad at all :) )
had no peel whatsoever . maybe i just need to use a higher percentage acid . i guess it just depends on your skin .
the set stamps relatively well i stamped all the images and only one image would not stamp at all . nice designs and protective backing .
this makes you look so tan and it is very natural . it can streak so make sure to apply it evenly . best self-tanner yet .
i use this scent before i go to bed so i can always smell fresh for the wife .. the price bottle design and fast shipping cannot be beat .
it works ok , but it has that " dry wheat " feel to your hair afterwards . i didn't use too much of it either .
sulfate-free , nice scent and a little goes a long way . i especially love the conditioner . makes my hair feel wonderful .
this 2 in 1 shampoo left my hair like straw even with conditioner . like most pantene shampoo it strips my hair .
it feels like i'm dumping molasses and honey on my hair but i guess that is the reason as to why it was so cheap
this makes putting up your hair quick and easy with only one clip you can get your hair out of your face .
ive left pure acetone in these a few times and they havent messed up .
this is part of my morning routine and helps with the melasma and discoloration i have - no one can tell i struggle with this !
this polish is a beautiful neutral color . the polish provides nice coverage and is a nice consistency . i would recommend zoya's rue .
but hasn't done much and am not sure if i'm using it correctly because of the vague and confusing directions . but it does smell good !
i love the natural look these eye shadows give ! they are so beautiful and look perfect with whatever you wear !
i love my bronzer , just as i expected , recommend this to anyone who wants to achieve a more natural look .
i love this makeup bag . i just started using mineral makeup and this fits the jars as well as the brushes . it's also easy to clean .
it is appropriate to my sensitive skin type . and it can clean my face very well . the best cleanser i have used
great color and of course nyx is an outstanding makeup product line . i would recommend their products to all makeup lovers .
the dermatologist recommended this product to help my mother's skin . it is also so very helpful to find it a bit less expensive .
this works just fine , i use it to clean off the dust after filing and drilling my nails . great price too .
it saves space in my bag .. love this bad boy as it organized my bag well ! ! !
i guess i expect that what they say they will do is actually going to happen ... wake up kid they lie ...
first of all this is a great palette for dark womenthe pigmentation is greatand last a good length with primer
these are so cheap and work really well . i can do so many designs easy to use i definitely recommend these so worth the cheap price .
truly an awesome color , stands out . not subtle at all , but i can't wait to wear on a night out ! ! !
i have tried several shea tera products and haven't been disappointed with any of them . they are gentle and effective !
this stuff really works well for my dry , thick , wavy hair . it smells good and leaves my hair softer than normal .
i can't remember the last time my hair was this shiny after only one night of use ! i love this !
i have very long hair and found this worked well for their size and have a comfortable grip that didn't pinch but feels secure
i use these cottons everyday for toner usage after i wash my face . it helps clear out my face and it refreshes my face
i am an african american female with natural ( no relaxer ) hair and this worked well with my hair ... gets super hot ... i love it
they're great for cleaning up nail polish around your cuticles & you can get closer with these than a qtip . great price too !
this exactly what i bought in the salon for less money . works well , made my skin feel hydrated and smooth
if you are able and willing to do your own gel manicure , nothing beats opi products . i am thrilled with this .
the lotion formula is nothing special - - it will keep your hands soft but really , the only reason i buy this stuff is for the delicious smell !
i love these because i get 7 different pairs of styles that i can use . they last a couple uses which is great !
it's obviously marketed toward a man but in an almost embarrassingly way . more useful and less gaudy alternatives exist ( like loofah sponges ) .
this thing is not very sturdy . i never had a topsy tail before so i don't know if this is a knock off or what .
theyre cheap they dont work as well as the original ones and they take forever and a day to come , do not buy
the smell , it's great . too bad the product isn't all natural . i've stopped using most brands that have any ingredients that aren't natural .
i reserve this product for when a need a quick hair pick me up . it does an awesome job that i can count on .
this comb does a good job getting tangles out without hurting the hair . gradnkids love having me combg their for them
love this lotion . the scent is heavenly without being too sweet or cloying , and it smooths my dry skin very nicely .
color and pigments are great . nice palette for a modest budget or a makeup beginner . i would buy this again
i love this masque . i use this one in the middle of the week and use the blueberry soil repair masque on the weekend .
this product is exactly what i was looking for .. its easy to hold in my hand and i like the different levels .. i recommend
it is very clumpy when applied , even trying to wipe it off before application . i will probably not buy this type again .
these gems are great except for the fact that the gems fall off your nails really easily . they did arrive early though .
i have tried many , many " miracle " products , but this hair mask truly delivers what it promises . excellent product , excellent results !
use this line a lot . really like this color of the lip balm best . this product works well for the lips and feels nice on .
bright , tropical fruit and smooth caramel . this is a fun , youthful fragrance that is more than just your usual fruity celebrity perfume . i adore it !
totally love these little silver and gold foils . i created some great design with adding rhinestones . great price too for the amount of product .
this is m first time buying this cologne and i can say it is really good and it attracts a lot of attention . i get a lot of compliments
not only are these functional but they are so pretty too . use these for simple nail art and they work great .
it's fine , but not a high-end luxury cleanser . i have dry skin and this cleaned fine , but i think i need something more moisturizing .
this gel nail polish is the only one i like from cnd . it definitely adds a nice shimmer to my french manicures .
it's really nice , works well , and came quickly also very reasonably priced ! i would definitely buy again or recommend to a friend !
got these for my granddaughters and they were thrilled ! there was a wide variety of brushes and they make designing fingernails a breeze .
this palette is great for smokey looks very pigmented and it fits in my purse . wounderful product for ever woman . :-) :-) :-)
i never once got questioned whether my tan was fake - even in the dead of winter . great product and blends with my skin perfectly !
these are nice and hold up and work well for the handmade hair bows and clips i make for my daughter and sell to others .
i love this product . i have been using the vitamin c for some time now and i just love it ! i will continue to use this product .
come big enough to use for toner and it is sturdy enough to do the job . simple & basic part of beauty regimen
ever thing came mixed up and stuff between the the tray when you tried to turn it to the color you want just terrible .
fantastic . i recomended . x x x x x x x ccx x x x xxx xx xxx x x x x x xx x xx x x
i was a little wary about these liners because the price was so low but the quality is awesome ! love them
quality is lacking - these they fell apart without even using them , the entire metal tip falls off not a good deal .
these dotting tools are wonderful i use them all the time and make different designs on my toes and finger nails .
i like the three images on this plate and they all seem to work just fine . i would recommend it if you like the images .
didnt work well for me as it leaves my skin oily and pores cluged . however may work for dry skin types
like the perfume but the scent does not last long . i wish it would stay long , if it would than i would be satisfied with the scent .
these nail brushes are fantastic to do nail art , easy to clean and multiple sizes brush to create many different nail art design .
finally something that helps lessen the look of my dark circles ! they are less noticeable using this mineral concealer than anything else i have ever used .
god moisturizer . does peel a bit but good nonetheless . nice , fresh smell . leaves skin feeling rejuvenated and refreshed . will buy more .
nothing spectacular , it's ok . i haven't got any complaints about the product , it just doesn't stand out as exceptional or extraordinary in any way .
the gloves work just as good as other products used for this purpose and the price was good for the quality of the item .
i don't like the consistency of this product . it goes on very dry and settles in fine lines . it also has a strong odor like colored pencils .
i love this hair piece ! would buy another one if i had a reason too because it is even prettier in person . worth every penny !
muy buen producto , llegó sin problemas y en las condiciones en las que el vendedor indicó , gracias lo recomiendo 100 %
i use it as soon as i got it and was just flacky . i was so disapointed and the price was alright .
this is a great professional quality tool . with one swipe of the shovel shaped edge , you can easily push cuticles back in one swipe .
the only thing i would recommend is that you use a plastic ė grift card instead of the metal b / c the metal can scratch the image plates
ah , not as great as the kerastase products , albeit significantly cheaper . makes my hair sticky when it's humid outside .
i would definitely recommend this polish to everyone who loves sparkle its so shiny and glittery love it got here just in time too
its perfect and exactly what i was looking for . i purchased 1 and it came with 2 caps as printted in the text , so awesome .
what i love : multiple heat settings , attachments , long design aids in styling when using a round brush , and great price . :)
i got this in the mail today and they look good . they are filled all the way up ! i have not used it yet !
this is not the first time i've bought this , but one of the three bottles i've bought wes open ... i wonder why ! ! !
lines disappear and best of all you don't need much but it's rich . but i bought two for one deal .
it worked quite well and i did love it however i just can't keep buying it because of the price .
using this for around 2 years ... it gives great coverage ... sometimes causes breakout but just regularly clean powder brush . no need for foundation with this powder .
best ever you can used it for up to 2 years just cost a few bucks . if you don't buy it . you are stupid
really like the smellcarlos santana by carlos santana for men . cologne spray 3.4 oz gave it to my son .
good selection of brushes , good for the price , does not shed hair , all necessary brushes in set . high recommended , case included which is compact
i love this colour , it goes on very nicely and stays on . the gelish company makes some pretty fantastic products .
this true match powder is just the right shade and it looks very natural while wearing it . does not cake at all .
the latex base wouldn't stick to my eyelids so i ended up giving it to a friends . she love it .
it does hydrate your skin so that is good ... but do i see any lasting results ... well no ... i use it under a moisturizer .
wife has been using this for about 2 weeks now and says it has done wonders for her ! she already wants me to order a backup ! thanks !
the title of the review tells it all , it is by far the best self tanner i have ever used . not orange not streaky just perfect .
has a soft but penetrating scent ... don't overdo it . i like it as an occassional change , definitely not an every day thing .
powerful , hot hairdryer - with different settings . just what i was looking for ! dries hair super fast ! recommend this product !
this item was just what i was looking for to pick up small nail rhinestones and such . highly recommend to everyone that does their own nails .
absolutely beautiful , bigger than looks in the picture , totally love it ! ! ! had to wear it the very next day :)
this was my first bb cream . loved the spf and the coverage . but it felt sticky on my face and i did not like that part :)
i bought this product for about $ 25 less than i saw it at sephora and i love it ! i have gotten so many compliments on it . :-)
not sure how well it works . i know it's getting the dead skin but i was hoping for help on with my blackheads .
my customers love this color the mint candy apple looks great along with other colors and designs i am going to continue to use it
i love this ! great color payoff . creamy . love the berry smell . just wish they did not test on animals . :(
i love this color , but after i used it i went and bought a big pallett ofall the colors of eyeshadow , but this color is awesome ! !
good product .. makes ur nails look glossy and it does help prevent chips more *
super product 2nd purchase , love these and my nails look great ! no need to have a plan jane nail use these to jazz up your look .
both of these are amazing . i wouldn't say they make my nails perfect but they definitely make my nails stronger and less peely !
i am in love . it turns ordinary polishes into holographic goodness . love it ! if you're considering it , i say get it !
works well with magnetic nail polish . would like more styles but have heard that the magnetic nail polish has been discontinued .
sigma blending - e25 , i bought this brush after watching tiffany in youtube , it's a good blending brush , i recommend it .
freaking awesome i think this will be best before putting primer on . but as a regular sun screen its awesome e too .
i am pleased with this . i haven't ordered from another manufacturer so i can't compare it . but was very satisfied .
i have long colored hair and this product just made it dry and sticky , not cute at all ! i will not be buying again
this is a great product . it has a great fragrance and just slips into your skin . not greasy at all . i love it ! !
the tape stripes were a bit thinner than expected . they work okay for what i need them for but i dont think ill purchase these again anytime soon .
this item is eco - friendly and all natural i love it , it's save for my face and no dangerous ingredients that could cause cancer yah
easy to use and feels stimulating , although took a bit to get used to the interesting tingle / spark of static-type pluses .
first before you start you're gel nail work out start with this nail trimmer this is great to have make my nails look good ... love it !
i didn't notice any great results from olay regenerist . the price wasn't bad but i like other products better . it's not greasy though .
it was a great iron but i had to send it back because i ordered the wrong size . i will buy babyliss products from now on !
this product is great for sensitive skin . i have oily and sensitive skin and this works well , smells great , and i'd highly recommend .
still using it after several weeks but no noticeable improvement in my skin tone . i think i am getting more tiny dark spots because of sun exposure .
i think this is the best bronzer around . i've tried soooo many and this is the best quality ever . its matte which is great !
this is a spicy scent that's very unique , but i am not fond of it . it's a little too masculine for me . do not recommend .
super cute nice small size great for adding to nail art lots of colors make great variety to add to your naills
good lotion at this end of the price spectrum . i use it to mix with my more expensive lotions so they last longer .
awsome . great price . good quality . good size . only thing took couple weeks to get but worth the wait . will buy again
my daughter is growing her hair naturally . she will be going away to college in the fall . these are great tools for natural hair .
the polish goes on smoothly , in fact i only needed one coat of it over my base coat for a completed look , which was really a surprise .
i bought this for my hair , love it , it came early i was really pleased with the service.good for ur hair and skin
i like it . i would deinately buy this again , dosen't make you have a cakey look , cheap and good . :)
this stuff smells fantastic , but be careful not to use it more than once a week because it can strip the hair otherwise .
luckily , this is a fairly inexpensive cream . marginally effective , although the stimulation and slight tightening are very temporary . no permanent results at all .
love this product ! it gives the most natural healthy looks and this product works great with the neutrogena skin enhancer ! recommend it to anyone ...
i am never disappointed by now essential oils , and their ylang ylang lives up to my expectations . it smells wonderful and is 100 % pure . awesome !
able to do lots of designs with these pins they are light weight and dots are even and do not smear .. would buys these again .
uh they are not really what i expected . i'm not sure how they are supposed to stick since they are not sticky makes it difficult to work with .
small bling that was speedy in shipping and i will assume 1200 tiny pieces ( i will not count ) , just use a artist tool to apply .
will not buy this product again . doesn't work very well at all and leaves a lot of eye makeup behind .
this little gem saves my daughter from tears after her bath . she calls it her massager . lol . i just wish they sold a lefty model .
i wanted to try blue nails but was a little afraid of looking like a pre-teen . this blue is soft and a great intro to blue nails !
very nice tip . helps get the fine line i like , easy to use stays on pretty good but not waterproof
i do not care for this clay , i have a better one i ordered around the same time . i don't like the way it mixes up .
this is fun to use on long hair . it holds but you can lightly brush through and it gives nice support and shine .
i love sugar scrubs and this one is great . leaves our skin soft without having to add extra lotion ! and the smell is amazing !
i think this is a good product . the price is good on it too . shine is good and lasts too .
my skin is very sensitive so i exfoliate at night and this leaves my face with no redness in the morning.will be trying the day creme next .
leaves my dry skin feel very smooth and is absorbed quickly without leaving any greasy film . i love the smell , it's absolutely gorgeous .
i love many of the philosophy products , this is a fabulous face wash i use it twice daily . awesome product !
i use it very good product , easy to wash , easy to clean , easy to use . order this product , it worth the money .
i was satisfied with my purchase and would recommend it to others and definitely consider purchasing again for my hair .
great for hair to wear everyday and keep the hair up in back . i like this because they are the right size and good shape !
the case is very cute and the color is bright but some what small , its great for a beginner or teen .
great smell , leaves my hair soft and fresh . rinse in cold water ... helps close the cuticle and make your hair shiny .
this wig is very thick . the assemetrical bob does not lay right . quality is good for the price . the color was quite interesting m
very decent , easy to stamp with , haven't had any problems and they are all standard size and fit in the sleeves in my books
wish it was a little more red , but i like it . i don't wear it too often because i'm more into matte , but it's okay .
one of my all time favorite fragrance . it is light yet long lasting fragrance.multiple compliments have come my way while wearing this.my highest recommendation of this product .
again the same , she is loving all the attention she get when she wears those eye lashes , she's happy , i'm happy .
this is one of the best ones i have used , it really works and i have used it now for over 4 yearstracie bobb , philadelphia , pa .
this color is so girly and i love it its perfect for a little girls manicure or a perfect pastel nails
my dermatologist recommended this to me . i love it . even after i wash my face thoroughly , it manages to clean dirt that is left behind !
i like it , i was expecting it to be sulfate free and it wasn't but it's nice enough a product .
i love this , easy to use , perfect colors and a great price ! i bought a second one for my sister .
i guess i need to look for a strictly chemical peel because this grainy sand texture was not great for me . felt gross .
aspen for men by coty is what happened when everything that was wrong with cool water by davidoff got fixed .
i've used other brands of bb cream and they all provided some coverage / color . this brand did not give me any coverage .
this lotion spells so good ! i love that it is thick enough to moisturize but it absorbs so fast . doesnt make my hands greasy afterwards either .
i don't use daily , but when i do , it works great . i assume it does . no one ever says i look old and beat up .
i spray this on everything ! i even mix it with my vitamin c . love it . i go through several bottles a month . worth every penny .
great , completely natural , unbleached pure shea butter . can't say anything else about it . rate this 5 stars . would recommend this .
i love this color . very different from what i usually wear ( pinks or reds ) . it's like the perfect periwinkle blue .
i prefer these over e . l . f's makeup remover pads , but only because it may be slightly more value for money . nice product .
adorable and easy to use . can make cute designs that are eye-catching and stylish . i love the different looks you can get with these little faces .
the headline kind of says it all . there's so much in here that it's a fantastic value and it works great for face and body .
a little bit of this with a large amount of conditioner gave me some seriously beautiful lavender hair . big thumbs up .
i love the feel of this product on my scalp it is great . i cold wash my hair and i do like this will buy again
i use l'oreal paris products on a daily basis . i find that they are consistently good quality products without the department store prices .
this is my all time favorite perfume i like sweet scents though so if you don't , probably not a good choice for you .
this dotting tool for nails is really good & cheap i recommend it . easy for dots on your nail & cool design
works perfect for my gelish nails i do at home ! it was cheap but works wonderfully i am very impressed !
you can feel this product gently scrubbing and it give a little ting as you wash . you only need a amount the barely the size of a dime !
love the color , went on great ( 2 coats ) & lasted for 1 week with base coat & seche vite top coat .
this is a nice white color . great for french manicures . i also wear it alone as a pure white . great ibd quality .
great product , fast shipping . love the small but concentrated sparkles . went on very well and stayed on for 3 weeks.will be purchasing again .
very nice product ! work well , taking off yellow tone from hair . nice gloss.good for blond and other colors ( its just going to work like clear )
i like how clean this makes my face feel . it has no particular smell and seems mild and gentle . i like the foamy consistency of it too .
redken 23 hairspray is the best . i have been using it since my hairdresser recommended it . leaves hair in place but you an brush it out .
the light scent and smoothness of this product make it a favorite in our household . doesn't leave you sticky or tacky , nor does it bother allergies .
made for convenience and it is my favorite color ! smooth know creasing and stays on for a while ! happy with my purchase ! thank you very much !
it doesn't work at all for me , is sad because i read all the reviews and i was hoping that i was gonna work but not ! ! !
love the product love the price ! arrived quickly and arrived just promised . i love this product i recommend it to everyone
a very good product for the hair . i use it a lot . make my hair shinny and manageable .
this product came damaged , two of the comb teeth were missing , and they weren't even in the bag , which means it was packaged damaged ! ! !
i bought it from amazon.com llc but its not authentic . it does not smell like i smelled it in departmental store . packaging was broken as well .
i have thick hair already , but this spray gave it even more volume . , and it costs less than other brands , too .
this is a nice leave-in for my frizzy dry curls ! i use a small amount after every shampoo and it does not make my hair heavy or greasy .
the color selection is fabulous ; it's just what i was looking for in a shadow palette . here's four more words ... :-)
does a great job of hydrating my skin in the cold winter months ! dove is the best ! good price too .
this brush is sooooooo soft . i absolutely love it . its a very big poofy powder brush . i use it every day .
the tapered shape of this brush is awesome for getting into curves , such as inner corner of eye . so soft and well made .
the micro needle roller is a bit painful as first but as you use it more and more the pain becomes second to the results that take place .
excellent product and gets your skin very clean but it's harsh if you're using it on your face . i've re-ordered twice .
i love it , it came on time , and totally works there isn't much else to say , it does exactly what you expect it to
this is my fav it smells light and airy and you don't need alot good buy in the stores it is about for this size buy away
nothing major , not sure its making a great difference , wore some individuals and lost eyelashes so this may be the issue !
kind of streaky even after a few coats , but i love the color . its not a pale pink but its a pretty true to the picture .
dont make the same mistake i did . order a second set , because this is a great quality brush at an exceptional price
this really works & fast cured a heat rash in a hurry , now it's a must to have on hand
i love the oval shape over the c curve , gives your nails a more defined shape . looks so great , especially for wider nail beds .
this is a fab color like a copper glitter there is no clear polish effect to it its a solid color which i love
i'm a big believer in epsom salts and these work great . the scent is really nice and helps induce a nice sleep after bath time .
works great , just be careful very sharp , love the results , great price ... would recommend to anyone and i already have lol .
so here i am trying to collect what i need to make my own lotions and stuff . don't know how it will all turn out but thanks
just like the tools that the nail technician uses in the nail salon . very good for people who love doing her own nails .
and a lot of it , just like i wanted wooh hoo ! reccommend big timeeeee babyyyyy , okay i really mean this !
these work as intended . haven't noticed them stretching out or losing their elasticity more than expected . nice and thick caliber will hold thick hair .
this blue is unlike the many that i already have and is such a nice color . it is a very cute color and perfect for spring .
just flat does not work feels good but that is it i took before and after and i looked no different
i used these for standard painting as opposed to using them for nails , great idea and great value ! good buy !
affordable and good for dry skin and stretch marks.very affordable and best of all ... it works . good moisturizing lotion for cracked skin .
if you are natural and most importantly if you wear weaves this is the best conditioner to have to make your weave soft and smell good
wow is all . this is one bad ass product , made my morning shaving delightful . didn't fog at all , easy installation .
very nice color for french manicure , its different from the others i have , this one is a little more opaque like i was expecting
this is a very nice eyeshadow . very richly pigmented and does not fade or crease . i would buy this product again .
i love the way this product protects my hair and makes it shine . i'm so happy i got this product !
the container is such a rip off for what you get . it's tick but goes on the skin smooth . i wouldn't buy it again .
these rhinestones are super awesome and so easy to use , i love them and would recommend anyone to get them
this is a very nice uv light . shipped very fast , well packaged.excellent price , have used it many times , works very well , beyond satisfied .
this cream has a wonderful light citrus scent ! it goes on smoothly and absorbs easily ! a fantastic product that works great ! i highly recommend this product !
this eye shadow is just too sparkly and shiny for my taste . i prefer a matte shadow . i wish i could send it back .
love the rich scent of this really nice oil , i use it on my hair and skin . it's gentle and smells good .
this little gadget is a must have if you wear false lashes . you are able to apply your lashes more professionally with this applicator .
these is a very fun , flirty , and sweet scent . i highly recommend this fragrance . it is perfect for weekend shenanigans !
my boyfriend loves this scent and you can't beat the price . he often gets compliments when he wears this :)
this kit is great . you will be able to do your nail many times . the look is professional . try it you will love it .
i use these twice daily , and they are amazing.the smell is just so great ! and they are amazing for gentle aha exfoliation .
they are really tiny u almost can't see them and they are hard to get on , but with practice its better .
this is the most stunning color of nail polish ... you will not be disappointed . this buying experience was a good one .. will return again .
this is a very professional make-up kit . i look forward to using it to contouring and concealing my face with this make-up .
the brush head looked shorter in the photo . i still use my sigma brush since the buffer itself is shorter
crapy polish . very disappointed it peels & is very goopy . couldn't use even by putting polish thinner in it .
lotion seems watery hard to rub in turned me and my hands orange has an after tan smell wouldnt recommend
i love this gel to do my twists on my hair it holds and is not stiff or flaky !
not very happy with this product . not very moisturizing and does not give the curls that it states on the label .
these r perfect for my granddaughers nails . applied properly they stay beautiful for about 10 days when i applied this under the top coat of my gel polish .
you can't tell in the picture , but these sparkles are holographic ! i love this polish and will be buying it over and over !
this is a nice color and blends nicely on cheeks and adding color to entire face . for me it is subtle but not too subtle to be pointless .
felt a little tacky at first but it was because i used my urban decay priming spray underneath . wish it smelled better but not a dealbreaker
this is a deal in so many ways ! if i had tried to 24 of mac's brushes it would cost me about 130 or more !
i really love them i just feel like they don't have enough rhinestones with each color but other than very nice 😺
my current favorite . it's sheer with just a hint of pink . perfect for french tips . it even has amazing views in glamour magazine .
i had to buy my pregnant wife this to help wash her legs and back . she says she loves it . can't go wrong with the price either .
bought it for my sister so i did not use it but she says it is good so no complains on it .
it does create volume as advertised and the colour is quite vibrant . the downside ? it clumps so be very careful when applying and use sparingly .
i have a hard time getting back-combing to stay in my hair . this gadget does the trick . love it ! recommend .
best makeup remover i have ever used . i also do facial massages with this . it feels very relaxing and takes off all of my facial makeup .
i love these ... they are fun to use and make any nail design pop ... love love love these ! i recommend this to all nail enthuseast !
in conjunction with the chemical peel this almost erases your dark spots this is my second tube and i just love this
doesn't stain and works quite well . it does what it should and brought my tan out quite nicely . good price , too !
these arrived earlier than expected and well packaged , nice color selection . i wish there was a size variety but it's ok . i like them thanks !
it keeps my hair from getting oily so i can skip a shampoo ... ! i definitely recommend it , it works ! easy to use .
i would have paid more to have the containers a bit fuller , nice colors though , this is for my goddaughter that loves nail design
i am so happy with my purchase . the perfume is delicious and so far it last many hours on my body . the bottle is so cute .
produces where great . bought more then one and price was not bad . love it . i recommend this product . a + excellent buy .
the pieces dont fit together or match together . its a rip off and because its super cheap ! do not buy this product
i really like these brushes . the color is very pretty and the bag is very travel frendly too . mine are surprisingly good quality too . im really impressed
i like the consistence of the product it's not to thick or to light it's just right i will recommend this to a girlfriend .
this did a great job and helped clear up the patch on the back of my daughter's leg .
this is probably the best eyeliner i have ever had . it goes on very smoothly and easily , does not break when you sharpen it , and lasts .
i wish it was a little more potent and lasted a bit longer , but the scent itself is top drawer .
its a little expensive that why i only use it every night before i go to bed . it smells awesome and feels great on my hands .
this products smells really nice and helps to refresh my hair after i use the kinky curly knot today and the curling custard . dont hesitate to buy .
i started off my using it to blend my foundation but later i used it for blending out cream blush and it works well
it's too difficult and heavy to do precision work . tossed it for a rechargeable one with another brand . i don't recommend .
excellent product line ! everything i have ordered i have loved and would highly recommend to anyone looking for a great product for a very good price ! !
less greasy than the foam , and easier to apply to areas that still have hair without making the area oily and limp .
it is so much cheaper than wholefood's . and it is good and authentic . the smell is very pleasant . hope it works on the baby .
very good lotion for my boyfriend . maybe i will buy it as a gift for my dad next time . i love the smell .
i got this wig for my mom and she love it , she wears it most of the time and gets a lot of compliments.her friends want it to .
finally a moisturizer that doesn't feel like grease . my skin responds well to it as well . less tightness and better clarity
i found this to be a waste of money . this chips off and dries out your nails , especially if they're already in bad shape .
love this . i use it every morning . it protects your hair , as i straighten my hair every day . great product .
really difficult to use and won't stay in hair . the surface is completely smooth which lets my hair just slide off .
i have dry and grassy skin and this product helped me with that . my skin looks good after use it and is not aggressive like others
this offers no coverage for me at all . it just made my dark circles look dry and ashy . on tothe next concealer .
the colors are pretty but they aren't divided great but oh well . the stones have height so they definitely stick out a bit but there still pretty .
i have " it's 10 " shampoo , conditioner and leave in . they are working great together , now my hair is shinny and straighter .
easy fast , not oily on skin after applied . nice smell would recommend to anyone . try it and be suprised
i love this color ! one coat is perfect for a french manicure . two coats is a cute girlie sparkly pink .
real techniques brushes never fail to impress me ! i love it ! it works amazingly ! it's so soft and the application is so amazing !
i love this color . it looks great with a tan ( or without ! ) and gives me thoughts of the caribbean as i'm sitting in my cubicle .
this color is to die for . i love the shade and it goes on prefectly . i recieved the product in a reasonable tme as well .
this was the perfect set , i recently started doing nail art at home on myself and family and this set makes me like a professional ! !
becuase sometimes you just don ; t have time and you have to go ! so , she reports liking this for those times .
one came and was half empty and very hard . it was still a good value for the amount of colors i was able to use .
unfortunately , this product dried up too quickly inside the bottle , and i felt i hardly got any actual use out of it .
this is a great silver color , the sparkles are all uniform and the consistency is great . it works with gelish too .
redid floors , doorstep , tables and chairs in v . old building . this was a champion with some 000 gauge wire wool . smells clean afterwards too .
this is the best moisturiser for mom-age ever . but a little bit too heavy for me . serve as good concealer .
this is a very soft and heavy scent . it probably best suited for an older woman . i use it only as an evening accessory
love this product my hairdresser usually use this on my hair so i'm glad i could find it here and buy it will definitely use it more often .
wasn't impressed for under the eyes but se this product on you whole face and especially neck ... and you will say wow !
this leaves my skin feeling silky and soft ... there is no oily residue after using ... i love this product
smell good wear after i get out tube dont need perfume when wear it mild smell good deal will buy more
its a good primer for make up and intensify the color , good quality , and perfect to carry on your purse
i bought this for a friend in france . i cant really judge the color its not something i would wear . but im sure she will love it .
beautiful purple ... not too grapey , just a hint of shimmer . beautiful when it catches the sunlight . an excellent find !
i bought this and the conditioner and love them both . i also like the yes-to-carrots so i switch between the two .
this stuff will break you out like you've never seen before ... unless you had cystic acne in your teen years . for real .
very nice for makeup good deal very pretty good price for what you get will buy another as gift for a family member
curve soul is a gentle fragrance ! if you don't like over powering scents , this is for you .
this product is nice . leaves hand and feet soft . only complaint was that the booties were a little small ! had to squeze my foot in !
this 10 pack is the perfect choice for anyone who wants to try them out . great color choices and very sticky .
i like the way it makes a bun ease . it bends ease and the hair slide over it with no trouble .
the package came in earlier than expected ( always a good thing ) and all sizes were individually bagged and numbered . pretty excited to try these out . ;)
love this body scrub . it leaves my skin so soft and smells wonderful . perfect escape for a winter in the northern states !
these are my go to cotton rounds . they are sturdy and don't shred . they also have a smooth side and a preforated side .
this product is the best revival spray i have ever bought ! my hair really revived from lot of damage ! i love it .
they are so cute , and u can do so much with them , they are easy to glue on and easy to move around
i am so glad they had an intense conditioner , cuz my hair is curly , and it can get dry . i really like this product .
save your money , this doesn't work . it smells really great though but it's far too expensive for that to be the only benefit .
item was not as described . item did not have 10 different shapes - only five .
i love the barrel sizes of the curling irons but the problem is they don't get hot at all . all three irons don't work and does not get hot
this is such a great color . stays on good . i get compliments all the time when i wear this . i love it !
could not digest it to know if it works . it's very thick and it seems impossible to drink . couldn't do it .
here are the reasons why : - heats up quickly - retains heat - perfect size for a head full of bouncy spiral curls
this is a great price for this stuff . it works really well and smells excellent . it made my hair easy to comb through .
a true red color with just the right amount of shimmer . beautiful . would definitely recommend , and i don't usually like red !
this color is very cute for the spring time ! a good neutral with a bit of luminosity . love coral pinks like this <3
love this . just work perfectly well just as described.the wrinkles on my neck is disappearing gently for just few weeks . i have recommended it to my sisters .
i chose this rating because it does work and i am particular about what i use on my face .. i would recommend it to all my friends .
it is not very comfortable to use , i did not use it often , thus another junk in the house . i will not buy it again
great for the price , but the only ones i use regularly are the eyeshadow brushes because the bristles fall out on the face ones .
have used this wonderful product for years now ; it is gentle enough for sensitive skin yet does a good job of removing surface particles and all
a little bigger than i thought they would be . the handle being larger makes it easier to work with . they're just ok , not great
this cologne doesn't last or have any scent , i don't know what the shelf life is on this bottle but the life in this bottle is dead .
having a great dryer truly does make a huge difference when styling your hair ! i have no complaints ! highly recommend !
does what it says it is supposed to do and is great to use as a base and or primer for eyeshadow . would totally recommend to a friend .
i love this palette , beautiful colors , very blendable and long lasting . highly recommend it to everyone who loves eye shadow .
some pics show it as a dark jet black , but it has a dark brown tone with a hint of glitter . i love it .
this is a great inexpensive lip gloss . it goes on well .. not sticky at all , and i love the plum color .
i hated this product not what i was expecting made poorly not much more to say about this item it sucked
these are plain and simple and do not look real . they make your eyes look cheap and they are hard to glue on .
i cannot begin to explain how awesome this product is . i hope they never stop manufacturing this amazing lip cream . its gorgeous and perfect !
love this ! makes any polish into a matte , even glitter . pretty cool effect . overall i'm very happy with this item .
love this product ! two settings for loose and tight waves and it stays for 2 days ! much better than waving with a straightener .
this is a bright coral color , not nearly as pink as the picture , this is a 80 ' s color . great color .
really does make your skin feel and look younger if you keep using it for several weeks . we use it with the moisturizer , and we're pleased !
excellent product for gel home application . stays on for two weeks and longer when applied correctly . little odor an , not like acrylics
works as should and is a great tool for nail art people like myself , not a waste , really nice tools :d
it evenly applies my foundation i have a soft finish and natural look . it is easy to store with its stand up holder and easy clean up .
this is so fantastic . i have very sensitive skin & no problem . soaks in quickly , need very little . makeup just glides over your face .
my daughter loves this because she has allergies . and this is the first product she is not allergic too . i really loved it for that reason alone
i where this makeup all the time it doesnt wear off over time just use a primer on eyelids and you will have longlasting color all day
this is a nice gentle cleaning product that is not harsh to the user's skin . it is conveniently packaged for travel as well .
these are a soft plastic that are just too flexible when trying to style hair . i would not order again .
so far i really like this serum for my eyes . i have noticed a little change around my eyes . thanks
i think this product nourishes my skin as i tan . i will keep alternating with othemr products and i will keep this in the rogtation .
and thick texture , not easy to spread , pricey and not sure if it really works after reading on paula's choice about this german brand
it's a ok product . the tapes do not last long and are easily removed and damaged in contact with water .
i'm glad cnd has made the bigger size bottle as this is an essential near-to-last step in the shellac process .
two much white in it really . covered ok , but no better than the flesh tone with green and pink flecks in it . don't recommend .
this gel gives your hair the wet look . makes hair shiny and has a decent hold to it . no flaking or crusting from use .
love it . does its job , easy to apply . has nice smell to it . i saw the results just after one use ! ! !
love this hand cream ! it smells wonderful and it seems to be helping the look and feel of my hands , will definitely buy again !
have been using now for a couple of months on my daughter's dry hair . i have noticed significant changes in hair texture . hair is more manageable .
my niece likes this stuff and says it works good . she says it helps her hair so it does not get tangles in it through out the day
i didn't like it at first , but gave it a second try and really like it . i will probably keep buying this .
i love this adhesive ! will recommend . wouldn't use for professional use but works amazing for my at-home lashes . great price !
i have been using it for about a year gives hair strenghth , body , bounce and volume . also prevents hair loss
this hand cream is a good healing hand cream . i have my hands in water much too much , and this is a good choice for daily use .
its nice but there are one brush missing only i received 5 pcs only .. ... ... ... ... ..
i love this stuff . before my eyeshadow was bland , but this stuff makes it pop ! goes on smooth and stays on all day .
i use all the vanicream product line due to mcs . dermatologistrecommended it for my skin . now the whole family is using it .
good quality for the money . like the scent , good level of hold and good value for the price . would order again . thanks
love this lotion . would recommend it to anyone . one of my favorites.it makes my skin feel soft and smooth .
i love this mascara , it really thickens and lengthens the lashes . this is one of the best mascara's i have tried .
this product smells really great - citrus , grapefuit . also a much softer feel than a lot of exfoliants . totally recommend , especially for oily skin
this arrived really fast ! same packaging as what i buy in storefor half the price . will be ordering again .
i bought this because of the reviews i saw on youtube and i must saw it is definitely a dupe for mac's candy yam yam .
works much better than their repair rescue treatment . i use it before blow drying and it does the trick . the
my doctor recommended this because it provides good moisture and a safe physical ( non-chemical ) barrier to the sun . love it .
using facial serum daily for the last 6 months or longer it smells and feels nice but i haven't noticed a difference
this color has a very beautiful and creamy appearance . the polish goes on smooth and even . i am very pleased with this purchase .
it works nice if you do not want color or any type of irritation . and , of course , the price is good .
product works well . if you leave the product on overnight , you will be pleasantly surprised when the sun comes up .
big , awkward . synthetic bristles . not suitable for very fine hair of medium length and less . its even bang are not comfortable pulling .
it left clumps in my hair and yellow stuff . i wouldn't buy this item again , didn't like it at all .
always looking for the perfect grey . this is grayish / taupish with a purple undertone . great everyday color that wears like iron .
88 beautiful color , great mix and matching for any-time look for the day . it is inexpensive including a mirror and 2 sponge applicator .
i use these a lot ! these are great if you are not using an upper eye liner , nice clear band .
once you get use to it , it becomes easier . at first it was a bit difficult . it is an awesome tool to have for stamping nails .
big bottle that can easily be added to other products to enhance their qualities.the product used by itself can make your face too shiny .
i love this eyeshadow . it is truly a great product and i will be purchasing more in other colors . so happy with my purchase .
these curl the lash very well , and feel comfortable to hold . an extra rubber insert was provided . i would buy again .
i continue to buy t his awesome product . i can do my nails and literally go to bed and not wake up with bed nails .
i smelled this some where before . and from what i can smell its pretty damn good . so i sent it as a gift to my bf
it is not what they offer in pictures . they offer stickers but those are made of paper , and are difficult to use
dries clear you just have to be very careful not to get it in your eyes but it works well
love the smell , and it leaves the skin feeling extremely soft . really absorbs into the skin quickly and stays moisturized . favorite part is that it's natural .
easy to use . yoiu can make two styles of buns . one id long nfrench bun and the other traditional . carry inpocket
i am a dingbat ; i was painting my nails without this and then wondering why they didn't look right . will buy again .
i love this mirror . it is small but just what i needed to help me get my eye makeup on in the mornings .
i was looking for a trave jewelry roll and this seems to be sturdy and it has great compartments . so far i love it .
didn't like it cuz i didn't notice any difference on my skin . pretty rpicy for the little bit that is in the bottle . will try something different
i have used other mud masks in the past that i liked better . however i still enjoyed this one . my face felt nice and smooth afterward .
this is excelent eyeliner as described by my friend . this is very slim and easy applicable , don't lick and don't glossed over.the price is perfect too .
i got this and it is fake looking and frizzed so bad . i curled it and it burned .. not a good hair piece , ,
i absolutely love this color ! it's perfect for spring and summer and the formula is awesome . opi polishes are great .
i use this to help repair damaged doggy hair , and it works awesome ! just let it set in and the frizzy frayed fur is gone .
very good mask . better and smooth my skin . i'm lazy and i don't need to wash away the mask and i can wear it to sleep .
i got this as the base color for my finch nails . the bottle is white but it is a really delicate pink or flesh tone color .
i droped my royale in the toilet . - . - so i bought this as a temp replacement . now its a permanent replacement
i love love love this body wash . it smells sooo nice and leaves my skin super soft after the shower ! :)
these curl former's really work and i love the lose curl that i get with these . i will be purchasing the thinner ones for a tighter curl .
this leaves my hair frizz free and shiny , but not weighed down or crispy at all . this is on my subscriptions list now .
i love dolce & gabbana by dolce & gabbana for men . eau de toilette spray ... i purchased previously and i always wanted more !
it takes a while to get homebuti like this mixd cubicsgood pricei would recommend of this item
this is a great brow enhancer . most pencils don't look real . this enhancer is really good , and makes brows look great .
other than being slightly sticky , i would highly recommend this product to anyone with extra dry skin . but not crazy about the scent .
this is a great product , little pricey but i can't live without it . leave my skin smooth and smell so good .
the low heat is gentle . works very well for the price . nothing very special , but very handy . i like it .
i love the way this smells and makes my hair pretty soft considering it's highlighted and extremely damaged . i love the fact it's all natural too
my son loves the smell and he can be very particular about how his hair products smell . great leave in conditioner and refreshens his curls perfectly
this is great for the water line or for the outliner for your lipstick to make em pop . i will def order again .
i love this plate , the images are clean and clear and the designs are fun to use . i love using all the konad products.thank you
this smells really nice but it's a bit tricky to open and a bit expensive for what it is . good for travel though as not too bulky .
all of them cover differently , thank goodness it meets my skin tone . i would buy this a as gift for someone who's before 30 .
awesome brushes ... worth buying if you ask me ... have almost the entire collection ... so happy i purchased these brushes ... will order more when i need them
i use this with just water in the mornings , my skin seems like it has been less dry and more smooth .
glad i bought this tool--great for manicures . cleans up cuticles quickly and easily . would buy this product again if needed .
i didn't notice any reduction in stubborn age spots , but it has a nice texture ... maybe just not strong enough for older folks with darker age spots .
this was the first time i purchased ecotools brushes and honestly , i loved the quality and not to mention the price . planning to get more for sure !
i love this product , i am seventy years old and look much younger due to caring for my skin.the roc products are really the thing !
this was really great as it did come the way it was in a box . it is great to work with and the price was great also
it heats up quickly and makes my hair very smooth and does not need to go over and over the same areas
got this for my girl friend to store her beauty stuffs when traveling . she loves it ! nice mirror on the inside too .
love it ! hard to find a matte eyeshadow that is this good.love the colors and compact ! highly recommend this product ! !
these are serious ... at least more so than the cheap-o ones i was dealing with ! these feel solid and clip great .
best at drying out pimples - yet doesn't cause skin irritation . my daughters swear by this product and we keep multiple jars in every bathroom .
i don't use this every night . but when i do remember to use it , it keeps my lashes strong and healthy .
i have been using another name brand primer and it worked , but ifound that it was drying my skin out . this primer works great and is non-drying .
i'd give 3.5 stars if i could . this is perfect for my lips , but on my cheeks it just looks like someone slapped me !
this scent is one of the best offered by axe . it is a nice odor , without being that overbearing odor that is typically associated with axe .
i use in inner corners of eyes to hide darkness . goes on without dragging and i put my makeup on over it . good product .
i love this thing . perfect for after shower detangle . no tugs or breaking hair . nice fit in palm . great for children .
it isn't bad , it isn't great . it is good . i might buy it again but i do prefer wen to this ...
i think i bought too much and the novelty wore off early so if you like it i recommend buying a small sample first .
... that's all i can say ! this shower gel is out of this world ... it smells better than the perfume even , and that's saying a lot !
i love how moisturizing this is and the smell is so wonderful . i will definitely be purchasing more of this when i run out .
does not go on good ; or look good.guess younger people would like it , but my 9 yr old granddaughter didnt want it .
really wanted this to work , but sadly i didn't see any reductions of my blemishes . also it's pretty pricey for not very much product 👎 👎
gorgeous color . beautiful pale pink . it looks great on me and doesn't chip for a couple of days . i will buy again when i run out .
really comfortable and easy to clean the hair ! i really like to use it . good on dry and wet hair .
it made my hair soft as a kitten i definitely recommend it if you need moisture or if you just want soft hair
i love the bb cream ! i am obsessed about it , now . it covers everything up that it is supposed to !
you may not get fcuk'd wearing this but it sure does smell good so i would recommend it even though it has a perverted name .
smells fantastic , but i still broke out using it . not the case with neutrogena oil-free acne wash , 9.1 ounce ( pack of 3 )
the salon recommended this to me . the price was good online but the product didn't seem to do much for my hair ..
great color selection . was easy to use and looks so pretty on . gave my nails that added bling to attract attention .
it was pretty just a little more tinny made that i expected but it works gret and makes my hairstyle look even better thanks
this primer does not blend into your skin . instead it sits on and it makes your skin look really white . i suggest investing in a better primer .
i'm very confident in opi . the shade is perfect for the time of year . packing was carried out in a professional manner . thnk you ! !
these can as described , were send in manilla envelope with 3 little bags of stars . great addition to any nail art kit .
this scarf is too small and will never be buying it . it is not going last . looks cheap t y
best brand of cotton swabs.would not use other brands.just the right size.don ' t think i can live without it .
no chg in brassiness as other reveiwers claimed . the price was too high as well . i would not and will not order again .
this literally rubbed off my 2yr old daughters nails within 24hours . it doesnt stay on at all , which is frustrating .
i also use the avani eye cream in conjunction with this and i am finding fine lines and wrinkles disappearing .
i love the pink tips of the brushes ! ! ! exceptional quality - no shedding nd so soft - a complete set for a precise look
good product , but its too long even for long hair.it gives you a great volume , but if you are looking for curly hair its not the type .
i love how this product is reusable and good for gel and acrylic will be amazed if bough for nail structuring
a + this stuff rocks ! ! it is way better than the mac fix plus and cheaper and it smells really good
love it very easy to use . the only thing you have to work is the pump not friendly at first but than when it's working not an issue .
this eye shadow base is perfect , creamy , and easy to apply . the pigments look amazing ! i would definately recommend this product . !
i truly enjoy this cream . first time buyer . not oily . makes face feel smooth and soft . hydrates and absorbs into skin .
had to toss this in the trash after reading it's ingredients . there are plenty of other moisturizer out there that doesn't contain these cancer causing chemicals .
this stuff works wonders with dry skin ! i would recommend this to anyone ! i use it instead of lotion and my skin feels amazing !
this polish works wonders . it totally transforms my nails from dull to a brand new " nail shop new " . every girl need these polishes .
works amazing no complaints at all good for it's price hands down best brushes ever i love them and you will to .
because has all the ingredients that i like.plus it arrived on time and well pack.doesn ' t make my face oily.it matches with my completion.sun block
works great , awesome product . worth every penny spent . arrived quickly . i am very happy with these products and recommend them to everyone .
great product , i use this on my face when i use other creams an it helps for sure . love it .
this is a great item to carry with you and have at home . it smells really good and nourishes the cuticles .
makes nail color hard and shiny . nails dry in a just few minutes . great top coat . i will continue to buy this .
this was my first nubar polish and it was all i hoped it would be . i have since purchased several more .
the product performed exactly like a very expensive version , that i used before . i will continue to use this product . excellent deal
a little smaller than i expected but pretty . would be really good for thin hair . not heavy at all so it stays in place well .
continue to use this product for my acne issues . works just like it says but to see results you should use at least ever other day or daily
i love this smell and use the shampoo also . this lotion is great in leu of perfume and lasts all day . one tub lasted me several months .
i use alot of mary kay products . this one is a very good moisturizer . i would use it all the time if i could .
the dealer was awesome , however the product is okay . i did find that the lotion would seep out of the gloves making it not so enjoyable .
i use this brush to apply concealer under my brows - provides a clean line and easy application . plan to try more sigma brushes .
when you use two layers , the color is like an oxblood red . great on my skin tone , which is light . i highly recommend this color !
i didn't find anything special about this product . i thought i would see a world of difference and i really didn't . not purchasing again .
i love it , it is so easy to use and awesome because now i dont have to wax or bleach .
this wig is sooooo beautiful ! it looks exactly like the picture and is very soft for being synthetic hair . i would definitely recommend this product .
the best cutting tool a nail styles could have use them all day they cut with eazy and evenly love them
seem to work , my face seems more relaxed after using the kit to massage in the skin care . value for money .
it does what it says but the tapes are a little pricey . maybe cosmesearch will consider selling a larger amount or offering a discount for regular costumers .
i used the whole package with no results . this product did not work for me and what a hassle to use .
using this to treat my acne prone skin . does not clog pores and leaves my skin soft and smooth . good quality product .
i like this top coat , it keeps nail polish clear and rhinestones in place . it's easy to spread to make a thin coat .
lime crime lipsticks are very thick , opaque and shiny . mod-bright colors . nothing ordinary about their products . somewhat pricey but worth it .
really love the brushes they are amazing ! ! the quality is great and the size is perfectthe price is very good !
love these brushes ! i use them to apply my mineral makeup now instead of the brushes that came with it .
used this for the first time the other night . it worked great and didn't burn at all . would definitely buy again .
this is a nice wig cap for the money . it fits adults and children and easily goes over clips without snagging on hair clips and bobby pins .
i love brush sets cus i am a huge makeup freak , i ordered these brushsets and when i recieved them they were bran new and they were very nice
this color is just a little bit transparent so it looks very natural . recommended for interviews - very clean , classy look .
the best sealer for natural hair . smells great , a little goes a long way and my hair loves it ! period .
cant say much it gets the job done well so i like the nozzle thing too i cant really thing about any thing
this hairpiece looks too fake ... i understand it's synthetic but the strands look like plastic .. it's extremely too shiny to look real .
love this product . traveled without once ... never again ... my eyes need this product and the caffeine . thank you will re order
very easy to use . i would recommend this product to beginners and pros . this liner will stay put on your eyes .
the liquid soap is ok . the scent is barely there . the soap doesn't lather much.and doesn't leave your hands feel soft .
these are easy to use nail stickers . no water required , just peel and stick . stickers last for a long time .
love the product but had an interesting smell to it ... other than the smell , love it . been using it every night
shipper did a good job as far as shipping speed . however , the product doesn't stick at all and is not easy to apply .
i like this product especially when i go traveling . it protects my brushes from damage to the bristles even the brushes that i store permanently .
perfect to get in the lash line . gives more definition to your mascara . i will definitely not be without it !
great oil , the aroma is wonderful and i use it in a burner or in my car and after shower over my body cream .
very nice headband . the rabbit ears are wired so they can be worn close to the band or sticking up . comfortable too .
i have not received this item yet - the souffle - alpha hydrox confirms no animal testing
my favorite moisturizer . doesn't leave my face oily , absorbs quickly , and leaves my face looking fresh and lovely . will buy again
as always , the cover girl perfect point self sharpening eye pencil was of wonderful quality and i will order the product again .
i can't beleive i showred all these years without one of these it makes a great difference in the level of cleanliness
great pigmentacion great colors great price profesional look i adore it thiseyeshadow palette has all the ingridients for eye make up perfection .
the key is to get the right color , blend in , doesn't get too thick like the sticks do , soft and lightweight
this product has a nice color , but , seriously , it doesn't stay on very long at all i have to retouch it every 6 minutes it's annoying .
really love this comb . both my daughter and i have long thick hair and this comb can go thru wet tangles like butter .
wig needs frequent brushings . seems like even the wind blowing will make it tangle , so be sure to invest in a proper wig brush .
this is an amazing eye cream ! upon application , i noticed immediate results , tightening skin ! these plant stem cells are very potent !
i tried this because polish chips within 24hrs on me ... this basecoat kept it good about 2 days before it started to chip ... so its okay ...
fantastic round brush ! i use his brush for straightening my thick , wavy hair and love the results - i even bought one for my daughter .
this appeared to be well made , had good quality tools , a nice assortment of tools and a very nice case .
nessesary . you do need this product to keep the acrylics on longer and it even feels more cleaner when i use this product .
work well but difficult to manage when you are doing this on your own nails . acetone soaked cotton wrapped in aluminum foil works just as well .
this item works okay but is way too expensive . derma peptides wrinkle reverse cream works just as well for a fraction of the price .
bought for father's day ... wonderful smell ! very fresh and clean ... nice for summer ... good warm weather scent ! five more words required . there .
i love the 3 layers on this train case ! it's perfect for organizing your favorites and making them easily accessible . awesome product .
nice 10 pack of nail art french tip forms guide stickers . they look as pictured and are packaged.they came about a week earlier .
i will never use hair spray to bump my hair again the only thing i dont like it the smell but its well worth it !
we have very coarse 4a - 4c hair and this dryer makes our hair bone straight and very quickly ! money well spent .
very good for damaged hair . i used it my dices hair and seem to be working . i just love how it feels
this kabuki is light and thick and very good for travelling . i once cleaned it and hair keeps in tact.buy it ! ! ! you won't regret it .
it works great , i don't have to squeeze or pick at my face any more . that alone should help ! thanks
way cheaper than buying it in the store here ... this was for my gf and she loves this stuffword
this purple polish is so bright and really pretty , this is now one of my favorite purple polishes i do suggest a top coat for added shine .
i love this holographic nail polish and the color club brand is the best if you are looking for this type ! !
the oil did not come in the bottle as pictured . it was much smaller but it served its purposed . not bad
i absolutely love it . the color is very pretty , has very good coverage . is not sticky or tacky . i highly recommend .
great variety of colors . glad i got them . containers seem small but not really have a ton of makeup in each .
these brushes are good . it is very soft and performs the job adequatly . they are very small and perfect for travel .
it works but it can be harsh on yr skin .. it definitely helps to fasten the process of drying a pimple .
wors great makeup goes on flawless and even will definatly buy another one in the future bought one for my mom also
got this for my girl friend along with that shampoo and conditioner and she says they all work wonderful , she really likes these products
it lightened the dark shadows a little but i don't see many wrinkles for being almost 60 . i'd recommend it .
i have full of acne on my back . don't know how is that works . seem not works on my case . so - so
not very impressed with this shampoo . it doesn't add any extra body to my hair , or shine . it smells nice , but where's the promised volume ?
they give you lots of great colors . you will can use them for all kinds of nail art designs . good price also
this is a replacement for the same brand that finally died after years of use . good product . i have recommended it to friends .
i have not gotten this as of yet and hop it will be before long . i will wait and see if it comes before june is gone .
i feel like product doesnt work for me and for 14 dollars i felt like it shouldve done something . i actually felt it caused me to break out .
easy to store in your purse ! not messy , easy to apply , and doesn't leave your hands oily . i definitely recommend this product
i love it ! its so light and finally i found a product that doesnt leave your skin oily ! i recommend it !
awesome product . i'm fair skinned with freckles , and this gave me a fairly natural looking glow to my face that lasted for several days .
my nails used to be brittle , peeling , and break easily . now since ive used this stuff my nails are hard and healthy and continue to grow !
this one of the few eyeliners that don't smudge for me . i can't work with gel and most pencils , but this won't budge . great buy !
i was so excited to see these in the mail today . nothing damaged , all in tacked . can't wait to start using them . thanks !
the best top coat i have ever used . it drys supper fast and makes your manicure look shiny and bright !
this has become my new favorite lip product . they are super low maintenance and its an my absolute favorite color .
i thought it would have more power than it does . i do use it everyday so it is very durable and not cheap by any means
i love the color and style . i use all of them . im glad i bought them . i use them at work and they work fine .
i didnt know this was a cream , i thought it was a powder . the color is fine but i wont buy this again .
simply beautiful , sparkly , eye catching , head turning . sturdily built . i absolutely love my new vintage peacock hair jewelry . thanks amtopseller .
great organic mascara ! it smells like nothing , compared to other synthetic mascaras that smell like chemicals . makes eyelashes appear darker , thicker , and longer !
bright , fun , sassy - i just love this color . i wish i had three more bottles of this color . opi never disappoints .
great tool to have for your very own home nail salon . easy to use and instructions are simple . lightweight material makes it easy to maneuver .
i went by the directions on the package . you keep adding layers of filler . this made my nails a grotesque yellow color .
i find this product very difficult to use - i didn't really like it - it was more hassle than necessary
it kills my toes . had it on for about 30 seconds . waste of money . don't do it ! ugg ugg ugg
good quality brushes , very soft , all the necessary make up brushes were in the set . good price , did not shred .
fits perfect , looks cute and i get complimented often on it . so much so that i have had to buy extra's as gifts .
i have been using this product for 5 years and it is awesome . really blends in well and makes your skin feel so good .
this is a really helpful product , and it has a wonderful aroma . it really helps with dryness . i highly recommend it .
good duster , gets the job done . go easy on putting the powder in because it shoots out a lot .
i find this when compare with other vitamin c spray does not tighten my skin as much after 3 weeks regiment .
it's very good dry fast coat . it makes loly 30 sec to dry yr nail after coat , so amazing . really love it . you won't disappoint .
made my hair break , turn green and orange . horrible stuff . i wish i never used it . i had to cut off lots of my hair .
i simple love love love love this mascara it is very nice . it isn't clumpy and doesn't burn your eyes . i would recommend it without any hesitation .
this smells like jpg le male for less than half the price . why pay twice as much for a torso bottle ? this is the smart choice .
this product does not increase in size when wet . it also does not absorb and extra make up , it just smears it around.source - make up artist ...
ehh its nothing special . its a bit chunky and looks kind of blah on the nails . i could do without having it .
it got here fast , in great condition and it does what it's supposed to . i would recommend it and might buy more .
i love this product . i've been using it for years and i'm convinced it helps my eyelashes to grow faster . non-greasy and so cheap ! love it .
i just love a clean face ! ! makes my face feel so clean , like i really have gotten any and all make-up and dirt off .
easy to use can use them for other things as well . different size pen set for different size rhinestones . thanks .
love this flat iron so much i ordered another one to keep at my boyfriend's house . wonderful control temperatures & wonderful results .
this product is awesome ! my skin looked super smooth the next morning and had a nice rosy color to it !
my favorite color is purple so this nail polish is one of my favorites . i just love opi they are a great brand
this is a very classy color ... i wear it often ... i would recommend it to all . yes , i would buy it again ...
best hair spray i've ever used , excellant in wind and humidity , been using it for several years now and will not change .
glad i tried , wont purchase again . the only way to make your eyelids lift is surgical or botox . nice try avon !
great for applying make up , design is perfect . soft , rolls on , great with foundation . 4 in a pack and a money saver !
thick , leaves a white coat , pasty and contains titanium dioxide which has a bad reputation for being toxic to skin ... very dissaponited .
love the mineral powder foundation so much more than pressed . once you change to the mineral you'll never want pressed again !
i have blonde hair and i as using the product and i really do believe that the produce works try it
turned out so cute ! i like them a lot . good for people like me with tiny hands . otherwise i'd recommend to also buy tweezers !
i bought these to try after hearing a lot about norwex . these work just as well according to me , and are less money too .
tigi catwalk curl collection curlesque leave-in conditioner is the only leave-in conditioner that works for me . this is a trusted brand , regardless of which product you try .
this is my favorite garnier fructis conditioner ! it smells so good and keeps my hair so smooth shiny and healthy looking !
really like this powder foundation , covers well without looking heavy , provides good spf . i have never gotten a sunburn while wearing this makeup , love it !
they are great it helps out with the no more glueing of the hands ... best idea ever for girls who love their eyelashes
it does the best for my complextion , and really moiterizes my face . with older people , the can have very dry skin .
they are pretty good i havent used them all only the pink but i would imagine their all the same . they are kinda dence but they blend quite well
work just as good as other brand but a more reasonable price . they sent me an extra pack due to package lost in the mail .
color is not transparent , but the two purple , to spread several layers of color will look plump , overall was ok .
perfect item for applying sunless tanning lotion , it helps to keep application even without streaking . it washes out easily and can be reused many times . great product
love this shampoo . it's just like what is in specialty beauty stores , great product . keeps my color from fading and looking dull .
this is a great all metal comb that is a lovely accent for a bun or to sweep on side back . it holds heavy thick hair .
great shampoo for curly hair . it activates quickly . it smells good and cleans the hair pretty good . i'll keep buying it .
i have been okay with these various perfumes that britney hascreated . but you have to just use a little cause some of perfumescan be strong.not britneys .
my favorite ... as seen on tv mhrcd 12 miracle hand repair cream ... works really well absorbs my daughter also loves it as well .
i used this when my hair got burned by a bad perm . it helped to smooth out my hair so it didn't look so bad .
was good while i used it but now i am using meaningful beauty , which i believe is much better . now bad for the price , though .
i use this with the color endure conditioner and it takes away the gray . it has a very nice consistency .
they tend to leak a bit so make sure you have your hand on papertowels but i recommend to anyone who uses annoying glitter polish !
love this product . really helped strengthen my hair along with the conditioner . i flat iron every day and it really helps keep it looking good .
it's a really summery color that is easy to use and looks fun yet professional . it rocks my socks you guys .
i use this day and night . it is emollient enough to use at night , but it absorbs well if you use it in the morning as well .
you can rest assure this liner knows it's place ... on the waterline and not bellow that ... making you look like a raccoon crying beauty queen .
this setting powder did a wonder to the creases , knock them down and scared them away . no longer are there creases .
i really like it it is very pigmented and its like a purple with blue shimmer its really nice for a night out
it was just as described . my daughter loved it so much that she bought more in different colors .
great cleanser . once you use it you won't use anything else . it's my cleanser of choice . great product . i'll buy it again and again .
works as expected . i dislike the scraper because it scrubs my plates . i prefer to use an old gift card instead .
i love this ! the color looks very close to my hair color and doesn't make my brows look like clown brows .
this is amaizing in every way love it perfect i went back and bought another one because i loved it so
i love the way caress makes soap and this product has light fresh gardenia smell . doesn't dry your skin a nice fresh smell perfect bar of soap .
lots of choices and lots of natural tones in the 5th edition . i would definitely get this again . love it
i really love my foundation by shany i have bought from them before so i knew what i was getting .
very happy with these cotton balls . great price . it only takes one to remove my nail polish . couldn't be happier .
this is effective , but awfully greasy and sort of sticky . it's a great winter moisturizer . but it does repair skin .
the smell is nothing special and it doesn't dry as fast as it advertises so personally i was disappointed . won't buy again .
good quality for a bath brush . plastic handle which i though would be wooden . no trouble with it in the shower so far .
quality of product is horrible . very slow shipping . overall product did not work and ended up being tossed in the garbage . sorry i wasted my money ..
very overpowering in its scent . i don't like my eyes too water from being exposed to a too high of a scent ! :(
we've always used suave body wash - it does the job , smells good & it is a good value price for body wash
i like the ease of application and the natural look that is produced by this product . no high perfumes and any blemishes are covered quite nicely .
me encanto este blato de cheekys en cuanto yego lo trate y muy bien si levanto los disenos ... yego en dos semanas y 3 dias
this product is awesome would recommend it to any and every one , this applies foundation etc perfectly . good buy . and i received products before its expected time
use it all the time , i just saw a youtube tutorial where she used much more than me , so going to try that .
i like big lashes , and this did not do it for me . the lashblast in the orange tube worked better than this did .
i do like this hair clip , however , the clip to attach to your head is ridiculously big and slips out easily if you have thick hair .
this product is easy to use and works on my hair as it claims . not greasy and dries fast and makes my hair feel a little thicker .
this was second time purchasing this product and i really love it . it really drys fast and has this glossy finish to it :)
but i really love this soap and do not find it too drying . it is gentle enough on my skin and i find that it cleans well .
this is a really nice color . i have a deep coloring with red undertones , so it's perfect for me .. i hope this helps ..
i use this daily on my natural hair and forms my tiny curls that last all day , and like the texture of my hair not sticky !
i use this brush to add color to my crease and then to blend it to create a beautiful effect . works well when doing smoky eye .
most was dry out what was going on with thisit was a total rip off dont buy from them
this argan oil is awesome ... make my hair shinny and silk after shampoo ... the ends aren't dry anymore ... my hair looks perfect right now ...
perfect necessity for the beach bag ! feels great on the days you get just a little too much sun . absorbs quickly & has light smell .
this hair clip is very elegent and beautiful . the color is rich , and looks very expensive . you have to buy this !
there is not much i can say . i haven't really played around with them . but when i did sorta play with them . they are pretty good .
didn't do anything it claimed to do . ended up throwing it out . not pleased with product at all .
this nail art sticker roll was very difficult to use . it wasn't very sticky and it was difficult to unravel . i ended up throwing it away .
jergens has been a great product for years , love this large amount at a low price . you won't go wrong if you try it .
very lemon . smells just like fresh squeezed lemons too . makes me smile it is so fresh smelling . i will order more .
this is the only spray wax that allows me to texturize my very fine hair without weighing it down . will buy this again for sure .
bought to trim my hair , works well even though it occasionally has a little glitch while cutting . good buy overall , and gives sharp cuts .
does not cure nails at all had them under the lamp for 20 mins ! still not dry ! i would save your money !
i like it very much , and it's all natural-organic etc etc . now , it does sting your eyes if it gets in .
great eye moisturizer for sensitive skin . fragrance free . best use in night time since it's a little oily under makeup .
this cleanser works well , even removing waterproof mascara , but it's kind of messy , so i probably won't be buying it again .
been using this for years to regrow hair lost due to health problems . works great and keeps scalp healthy . big fan !
i cannot wear this under anything . it is way too light . coverageis pretty good , but that doesn't matter if the color doesn't go .
great back brush . the bristles are very stiff , so i've had to be careful not to brush too harshly or it's too rough on my skin .
this works better than most other products . still need to use orange stick to removed shellac polish . will definitely buy again .
the gentle rose water fragrance is very appealing . i use it before putting on moisturiazer . it makes my skin feels really soft .
use this daily for washing my face . it's a wonderful product . has vitamins and i rarely have breakouts since i've been using it .
i've used this for years after getting too much sun . it definitely prevents peeling and instantly soothes the burn quickly .
excellent products . feels very silky on skin . this apparently is one ingredient that helps mature hydrate . i use several of reviva labs products and highly recommend them
this is one of the prettiest nail polish colors i've seen in a while . essie is a good brand . love it .
i love this product ! especially the brushes that come with it ! there so great ! i also love the box ! the makeup is great quality !
i don't care for this moisturizer.it ' s too thick for my preference and a little greasy . i even speculated whether it was breaking me out.hm ... pass .
i love this primer it makes my face really smooth so my foundation can go on easier and it works great with a brush
it is beautiful and definitely worthy of a 5 star . very long and perfect for my clients . thank you very much
i love this brow pencil and the color is perfect for me . i just wish it had more pencil for the money ! i would recommend this product .
buy this cleanser . it is so smooth and silky . it gets your face really clean . they make really good products
i wasn't quite sure about this face cream considering the acid in it but it made my skin feel a new
i have very oily skin and i use these all the time . they are great for removing oil without messing up my makeup .
i ordered these for my 3 week old daughter and they fit perfectly . they are so stretchy and don't leave a mark on her lil head .
i love this shea butter . it is a high quality butter i and use it in my homemade body butters
oh yum ! ! no , i don't actually drink this nooooooo ! i bought it to use in making my own homemade soaps and shampoo bars ,
i use it to clean my hair brush , and to tease my hair . it does a good job on both !
i read many great reviews for this . this product is horrible . it did not do anything to my skin other than major break outs .
this shampoo does seem to have some smoothing effect on my hair which tends to be frizzy and fly-away . it's a good shampoo to use before flat-ironing .
wnw palettes are always good and this one was no exception ! i will continue to purchase their palettes for the color payoff !
read instructions ! it is great , adds bulk and length ! love it !
i like these because you add the water to them so they don't dry out on you . great for a quick refresh
great for exfoliation once or twice a week depending on your skin . clear away flaky skin especially in cold weather . followed by moisturizer .
quality of oil is excellent , does not leave hair greasy . only a small amount is needed . can be used in correlation with other hair products .
sry took so long was great would order again dont know if i see results but skin is smooth ty
i would recommend this to anyone who is looking to regrow their lash . really does work . buy it , won't be disappointed !
have used this body wash before ... does not produce hives as my previous wash did . i am totally satisfied with it .
my elf highlighter , cream blush whatever , works way better and i only use a tiny drop which i blend with a little bit of foundation or moisturizer :o)
arrived a little late but i expected it but other than that i like the product ive ordered them before and they are as described .
it is a very good product , help a lot if you are like me and do your hair by your own . recommend it .
this product leaves my hair nice and smooth without feeling weighed down . most products , like this , weigh my hair down . this one doesn't .
this polish is great except you must practice to get the correct effect , i love it and i also bought the white polish with same effect
very nice fresh rose scent . i think it would work well as a room spray , skin spritzer , or linen water .
works well with nail tips . very happy with purchase and would definitely recommend . this size bottle will last a long time !
got a free sample vial . every time i wore it , i received beautiful compliments . even my hubby who has perfume favorites , felt this was extraordinary !
on thick wavy hair . some flyaways , but it did the job.it ' s a nice looking iron , but i do prefer a wider plate .
could be better , decent coverage . good for the price , you get what you pay for i suppose . not sure if i will buy again .
this was a good product overall . this is my first time using this product . it does the job well . i did not have any negative experience
i deep conditioned my hair once so far but it felt great ! will continue to use product and recommend to others .
although i did receive this product for free , that does not mean that my review is biased . amazing product actually works and is worth the price !
for the price , i've found creams in drug stores just as good as this . i works ok , but nothing i'd rave about .
i love the oil , it disinfects my pores and facial hair . great for using in the facial steamer . strong smell but eventually goes away . highly recommend
sharp edges , they could use some paper backings . nice designs , they look pretty shallow but i haven't had any issues picking up the images .
beautiful andvery impressive and beautiful black colori advise all women to useappropriate pricei lovedthank you
a great cheap full set of brushes.most do shed which is annoying , but the brushes still feel nice and do the job .
it tones down brassiness ok but only until the next shampoo . it doesn't last . for the price it should be better .
skeptical at first on how they would look on me but these are really pretty and natural yet they look dramatic at the same time .
this looks lovely , though is very delicate and to be honest , i prefer the control you get with a normal ( card ) file better
smell good . masque has very strange texture but i like it . after 2 used my hair very smoothie and shine .
i bought these thinking they would help put on my make up easier . i was wrong . they are small and it absorbs too much make up .
sally hansen is the best for natural or fake nails , salon care and better at home ! sally hansen is the best
love the rich color ! ! the best nail polish brand for this type manicure out there ! just wish they had more color selection !
it smells really good , the scent last all day on me and i would describe the scent as a very sweet fruity note
i really like them ! it pretty much came with allot all the colors one can think of ! excited ! i would recommend to a friend !
i enjoy the look of nail tape , but i find it difficult to work with . when pulling it off the roll it tends to rip easily .
moisturizing works well and its not irritating but i don't like using this because it leaves a white residue on my face .
it was nice having my own set of makeup brushes and all but i wasn't expecting for them to be so prickly and rough .
good quality for the price . great product for not only tips and false nails but also for metal and rhinestone designs .
the feel of this product is wonderful . soothes the skin and under the eyes ! i use it after my derma ruler and it absorbs better .
what can i say . it's as good as you expected . relaxing after a hard workout or just a long day - dissolves easily
beautiful color , its a dark color but has such a pretty deep red to it . essie polish always goes on nice and lasts longer than other brands .
very nice tips , it is very easy to work with them . best for beginners . i recommend everyone to buy them even if only for pricing .
i didnt like this product it is very similar to lip balm not a lipstick .. i dont recommend .
my mother loves this perfume and she is so happy i bought this for her on mothers day . i'm happy she's happy !
this is great for a boy / guys locker - two for one shampoo and body wash.my son liked the fragrance , and the lather .
this is ok , but i like deva curl light defining gel better . this one tends to make my hair feel heavy and not as soft .
while they aren't konad ( the best ! ) , they work pretty well and i still get lots of compliments . for the price you really can't beat them
olay luscious embrace moisturizing body wash lathers up very nicely and smells so good and really makes my skin soft .
i like this baby wash . baby smells wonder and it leaves her skin looking refreshed and glowing . she like to rub it on herself . it's fun !
works great and good size for the shower . no problems . when it fogs up you just put water on it and it clears up .
product was received on time for a very good price . olay is always a quality product that does what it claims it should do .
i liked the way my skin felt after i applied the toner , but i don't know that i would pay retail price for this item .
this nyx butter lip gloss goes on very smoothly . the color is flattering to my pale warm toned complexion . i recommend it .
this cleansing conditioner is awesome . makes your hair clean , soft , and adds all-day volume ! has no sulfates , which is also a big plus !
this product work great on me and my daughter's natural hair . it moisturizes our hair and makes it very manageable . we are very pleased with this product .
this was a waste of money , there is really nothing else to say .. don't buy it you can probably do better at a drug store
comes off easlily espeically when you go to hug someone it really embassing . it is on their clothes as welll
i absolutely love this highlighter .. it makes my face glow . i can not get enough of it :) would highly recommend ! !
hard to use at first but with practice you get the hang of it . works better than regular nail polish .
they are very helpful with my design . their easy to use even for people like me which are beginners , you guys should try it
this is one of my favs . i am 50 with normal skin but people think i'm 10-15 years younger ! awesome !
my dermetology told me to get this , and it's for my face . it's good enough for a baby's skin . no stinging either .
i like this product but sometime this will stick together or sometime the front and back little tiny thing that can not stick like long time
bought for daughters might where it my self well built for the price but because its metal a little heavy
this is the real thing , just like in a salon , nice and sharp and cheaper than what you would pay at the store
i love this stuff ! its dark , and doesnt smudge as much as most black eyeliners i have used . def stays on all day / night
makes my hair sticky and my curling iron gets stuck in my hair . does increase volume but does not feel nice to the touch .
very rich lather , nice smell . would buy again and like all the dove products . the price was a good selling point too and got quick delivery .
it sometimes tough to find a good face lotion that protects you from the sun . i use this as a daytime lotion and it gets the job done !
really takes the oil off , it's much more absorbent than the rice paper tissues from sephora . easy to take out of the case , too .
i wanted to use this on my stretch marks to fade them a bit . it did not work . i'm so disappointed .
i had no idea what i was expecting , but i am pretty happy about this product . i think it works great after rolling m micro needle .
i've tried many bathtub pillows but this is my favorite so far . it's not too cumbersome , the suction cups actually work and the price is right .
i have been looking for a good puddle brush actually i have couple of it hopping to find one that won't hurt this one is the one .
i used yesterday the strpping tape to make design on my nails ... wow . my daughter made more different designs . we have many ideas for next days .
i've used this product several times already in my bath . it smells great & is very relaxing . i plan on buying more .
i have dry sensitive skin and this hydrate's well and does not seem to bother my skin . it does not fill gooey like some gel creams do .
this shampoo smelled real nice but didn't seem to keep my hair clean as long as i would have liked . i still had to wash my hair everyday
it's not pricy and helps keep make up on for long lasting wear , great for all day . i spray it on once an go all day !
i like the way it feels & go on my bdy dnt c results yet but im sure i will i use day & nite thanx
i liked this it works very well , a great moisturizer for hair and skin . this also mixes well with other oil and moisturizers .
application is easy and seems to be absorbed rather than sitting on the top . one of the best purchases . worth the money .
i had high hopes for this flat iron but i can't say i like it better than my chi iron .
great pigmentation . be prepared for some fall out while applying . very buildable . doesn't crease . use a wet brush and use this as a liner .
this stuff sucks . it didn't help me with anything . it caused my skin to be very oily and break out .
these are the only makeup sponges i have come across that actually does what thy say they are going to do . nice work
i use this with acetone while doing my own gel nails . its great for dipping and cleaning my brushes . good value .
love but i dont use it as nail art but i do use it to achieve the gradient look when polishing my nails .
the powder is excellent . it doesn't cake up on the face and goes on smoothly . i use it with the powder foundation and it is just great !
who needs that spendy stuff when you can get this at low cost ? it works very well for me . for the price it's great .
this product is both gentle and effective . both my husband and i use it twice weekly . you will notice the smoothening of your face and decollette .
these are just like the ones i buy in the store but the bulk price is much better . will def . order again !
works well with their brand ... acquarella remover ... when having natural nails i prefer this brand of polish and remover ... if your having trouble with chemicals ...
i really line this product and your face is free of breakouts and gives you a nice glow after using .
thins old gloppy nail polish . makes it go on smooth , like new ! saves a lot of money by restoring even dried out polish .
so i love the images they work well i also use different nail polishes other than the konad special polish they work fine .
i really love this product . it helps with smoothing your face . it seems like it helps with the absorption of your facial moisturizer also .
i love coastal scents . they're products are great . perfect shades for everyday . nice sized palette . great for travel . would purchase again .
love the design and the sponge applicator . easy to use , the color is good and it blends well while providing coverage .
this thing is wonderful and lasts forever . i have yet to find another blender like this one . top quality . i will buy and recommend again .
this mascara is too sticky for me . it also runs like crazy and itches my eyes . will not buy it again .
great color . beautiful lavendar ! very pretty ! glad i ordered this ! will definetly be wearing more often . absolutely the best color !
have noticed fine lines are disappearing and darkness under my eyes is going away . good quality product . will buy again .
but i think its a little watered down personally . i have definitely had better moisturizers for sure ... its alright light vanilla scent that doesn't last .
very nice shea butter . i use it in lotion and soap making . the color is ivory just like advertised .
this is a reasonably priced quality shampoo which added a touch of shine to my hair and left it with that silky feeling you get from a keratin treatment .
i received this package without damage . i love the pack of colors you get . the colors apply on evenly . i definately recommend this set !
i really like this product . i can see a difference in my hair when i don't use it . really helps to add body to my hair .
this is my first one and love it the designs are variable in size enough for large and small nails
only used it once because it made my skin itchy and i didn't see any noticeable results . it's very inexpensive , but i don't think it works ...
this works well , but you could easily use any black polish for a top stamp .
best deep conditioner i have ever used , leaves your hair soft and silky . i will never used anything else but nexxus
i just received the color in the mail ... love the color ... this is next on my list ! i would recommend this to anyone ...
best oil i have tried so far . cleared my dry patches and made my arms glow . top of the line .
this stuff sinks in your skin and has some fantastic ingredients . it leaves your skin moisturized , not sticky , and has lots of good quality ingredients .
i liked this and i use it for party outfits , doesnt last too much time but for the price i think is good
these have great detail . there wewre some with flaws , but the price was excellent for what you are getting . there are so many uses for these .
love this and love the vivite line . great stuff . see much improvement . will reorder and keep using to wipe away some of the years .
bought this for my 18 y / o daughter . she requested a translucent pressed face powder that she could quickly use while in between her spots on stage .
yelp this does work great . easy to use and smooths my skin nicely . will be using this on a regular basis
these are nice combs , im not a professional hair cutter but my daughter with fine hair looks a lot prettier when i use these
the array of sizes were good , works well , i used you tube to learn how to put in my hair properly . good buy !
high purity , highly effective tea tree oil.extremely fragrant , dissolves and dilutes well.great in soaks for muscle pain , scrubs for acne
this lotion is okay , doesn't give you any extra boost of color , doesn't help with my oily skin . designer skin is overrated .
excellent shea butter and so soothing . soaks into skin well and leave skin supple . can be used on feet too . the scent is not overpowering either .
i've always used dove , the price was great . i will be replenishing my stock when this is finished . i hope the price stays the same
does what it says . makes my skin baby smooth . i use it once in a blue moon with other products.way better than st ives that irratates my skin
its very good for makup and applys evenly and smoothly ... but it takes 3 months to arrive if u want this i suggest going to ur grocery store honestly
you have to have these and buying the two together is a great deal , much cheaper this way . would recommend .
a drug store dryer works just as well . i am disappointed - greatly - with the lack of performance versus the price .
my daughter loves nail polish and art . i thought she would really enjoy being able to paint designs on her own nails . she loved these . thanks !
i wasn't really sure that i needed this product to finish off the gel polish but i have found that i love it .
wife says looks great , lasts a long time , and doesn't get sticky or clumpy . she also loves the color ... and so do i .
i have mature very dry skin and this did absolutely nothing for it ! i still had dry patches ! total waste of money !
i use the shany stamping plates and these ones do the job just as well . i would recommend to anyone who loves stamping .
ok i like it this is the first time i bought this it has two brush it look very pretty on my eyes .
wonderful is rich and non drying which is great at 6,000 feet . smells clean doesn't overpower any perfume i wear
but the person likes the smell and shampoo . the bottle was large and the reviews by previous buyers was positive .
i use this on my face as a toner . it smells wonderful , and leaves my skin looking radiant . i will be buying more of this product !
is a very good product , my hair is so shinny , and heathy ! ! you can use it every day without damaging your hair !
came in very good condition . i like all the colors and all the different makeup with in ! the handle makes it easy to carry too .
this is not greasy at all . it smells good and it feels good . i've tried several different brands recently and i like 40 carrots and acure best .
these are cheaper looking eye lashes , but for the price it's not bad . the are pretty on , good deal for the price .
i like this conditioner . works pretty good . still i prefer dove and pantene but since i alternate between brands this one works fine .
love the price but the pigments are fabulous in quality ! soooooo many fun colors to play with & great at blending
not only is the price nice but so is the design and quality of this lil book . fits disc perfectly , now i can't wait to fill it .
love this idea for beautiful and different nail art designs and creations . my daughter and i are having fun doing these ! !
i love this series of shampoos and conditioners . they make my hair feel luxuriously soft and manageable . highly recommend to those with dry or colored hair .
i didn't like these wraps because they were hard to apply and we difficult to smooth out after they were on . i wouldn't recommend them .
it is easy to apply , stays on all day , looks very natural . perfect after-sex glow . love it .
applied this product faithfully and saw no difference whatsoever . waste of money . only gave it 2 stars because it was mild and non-irritating .
i use it as a hand cream now cuz i don't think it's as good as my other moisturizer for the face .
it seems that this nail buffer is good for one or two uses only.it wears out so fast i couldn't believe it . do not recommend
it thins out gooey nail polish , but it stinks . its a little pricey because of how much you get for the price but it works and it lasts
product is fantastic . it applies well to the skin and creates fabulous look .
i asked for dark brown and they sent me light brown . did not even open it as this needs to go back asap !
nice big bag of cosmetic wedges ! these are a great buy when you consider what you get in a traditional retail package .
i use tea tree essential oil in my home made body butter , it's great for the skin . it has a lot of healing qualities .
i love this make up i been using this for a very long time it is right for my face
i like these . but there kinda big . i have small short nails . & i can only fit about 3 on my nails .
its a good toner however it has a strong smell and alcohol in it irritates sometimes . it did reduce my breakouts . in short a pretty good product !
nice quality but i have a revlon powder i paid much less for that i feel works just as good .
ordered this for a change of haircolor . the color turned out pretty good , except that it only lasts a few washes .
this is perfect for toner , nail polish remover , or anything you need to put on cotton balls . i love it . use it everyday
this hair blade is very nice ! it helped me with cuttting my hair without cutting it all off or too much ! i would recommend this to anyone !
this product has been discontinued and replaced by the sleek silk wonder smoothing oil.matrix total results sleek lisse silk wonder smoothing oil 3ozthe wonder smoothing oil works much better .
even better in person . great quality for very little money . like the case they all go in . sturdy little dotting tools . easy to work with .
i love the silky feeling of the cream and a little definitely goes a long way i have noticed less " cottage cheese " looking legs
i bought this for a friend for christmas last year and she really enjoyed the fragrance , so i would recommend it .
this make-up remover wipes are great ! they are very soft and wet so make-up comes off pretty easily and i've even used them twice sometimes !
this is a nice gentle styling spray . it kept my hair soft and in place . i thought it did a nice job with my hair .
while reading or watching tv , just put on the toe relaxers to comfortably stretch and separate your toes . very rejuvenating !
i use this every morning before my make up application and it makes my make up goes on very smooth
does nothing for me . well , nothing good . was so hoping it would be the conditioning solution i was hoping for , nyyyeeet .
great moisturizing wash - smells good without being overbearing . you don't need a lot when used with a loofah . a little goes a long way !
gel eyeliner is much better than the liquid . this brush is very soft , great to use this type of eyeliner .
i tried is sport when you running exercise or you walk in the park is recommended please feel free awesome
the only reason this does not get a 5 star rating is the largest brush guard is not big enough for real techniques or sigma brushes .
i bought this for my dad to use . it does what it says , takes away the dandruff as it should
i have thick curly hair . this tames it well . just as good as expensive adult hair products . of course good for kid hair too .
lovely long lasting color , very minimal transfer . love this type of nyx lip cream , want all the colors . would recommend .
i love this stuff . my daughter and i both have curly hair and it keeps the frizz away all day !
i didn't see much result , but i ' ll still use it until it's gone . it smoothens skin and not greasy which i like .
two brushes were broken when arrived but we can make it work like tim gun says . love the fan brushes very nice set .
i love eminence products and this lives up to my expectations . i love the aroma of eminence products , and the high quality without chemicals .
nice for a warm night with a special guy or gal . works well with you body chemistry . try it and like it .
the volume is large enough to apply it to my legs after shaving . i have no issues with the quality .
nice looking , easy to put in , and stays well . good value for the money . pretty good value for the money .
i love this proactiv lotion . it is a great preventative acne lotion for everyday application . it doesn't dry my skin , and it is very effective .
i noticed my nails breaking less after using this product , but i didn't know right away . still , it's a good buy and i would definitely get .
my skin has broken out from this and made me sensitive to the sun it burns when apply iti would not repurchase it
truly a nice fragrance - if a touch on the feminine side - but true luxuriance of deep conditioning . combined with their shampoo ... perfection .
these are puuurfect i work on bjd's and do nail art so there just awesome and cute to boot there smaller then i thought which is great ! ! :)
i haven't been using it very much but the little amount of time i have used it , it really works.the dimples are almost gone . no kidding .
this product sounds amazing on here , but it didnt help my skin at all . i was disappointed . waste of money
this body wash smells really nice and leaves your skin very smooth . a little will get the job done !
bought it for secret santa and made a little girl super happy ! i also appreciate a nice and fast service
great towel for curly hair . it doesn't dry out my hair or cause it to frizz . it is light-weight and easy to tie up .
i love the serum , i feel and see the firmness of my face when i apply it and it makes your makeup glide on
nothing special here . i just like that i have these for my free lance kit . they may feel a bit rough to some but they arent bad .
i really like these i am still learning . so i think i am getting it , and i love the look
these are the perfect size for my daughters hair . i really love how soft and silky they are as well .
i have been using this product for several weeks and can't tell any difference in my skin . i probably will not purchase this again .
the brushes from this product broke me out . i don't know if it is because the brush is rough but it was a problem for my skin .
i don't really know what to say about this brand except that it's sulfate free , which makes it for me .
i use the cuticle trimmer a lot when i'm doing my nails , and this set is a really good deal for the price .
this is great for all hair types a great produce i have used it everyday since i got it . what a beauty
nice dark color . goes on evenly and smooth . i like to wear the dark rick colors in the winter . opi products are so , great .
this product burned me so much so it made 2 large discolorations on my face ! i will never use this again
these came in a perfect little storage case already . you can't beat the price for what you get . i plan to order more .
i should have read the item description a little more closely , i thought it was something a little more playful ...
ok , probably would not purchase again ... caused more problems than it helped . i don't have anymore to say .. peace and good vibes to you .
it works great not hard to use at all make sure you get the ph bond because without it the bell was peeling off my nails
i am not too pleased with this purchase . after all the great reviews , i was expecting more . but may be ok for the price
i have used this conditioning treatment before and enjoyed it . but this batch seems to be a little watered down
i get so many compliments on this baby . great price , goes to the gym 2-3 times a day and is holding up great .
for me it did nothing . after several months of use , did not see any difference . it might work for some , clearly not for everyone .
good oil , i wouldn't say it did miracles for my eyelashes but it does make a fantastic cleansing oil
i just wish i picked a more coral , bronzed color . it's an excellent size and packaging to take in a purse or for travel .
easy to use and instant results . the product is of the highest quality and very durable . excellent tool for the price .
got this for my sister in law for christmas , came on time and it was exactly what she wanted ! thanks !
i go this stuff along with the matching shampoo and i am addicted to it . it makes my hair so silky , people can't stop petting it :d
i seriouly love this stuff so worth every penny it lasts forever and my face feels s soft after use , treat yourself and get this ! ! !
these sponges are not too hard and not too soft ... just right , especially for the price . will purchase again , when needed .
my order arrived on time and as expected . i love the colors and they look great on my skin . money well spent !
it feels amazing honestly i forget its on sometimes , it actually does stay on all night and doenst leave marks around your head in the morning
using dove each time i washed , it feels like i've just used lotion . " another weapon against winter skin dryness " says the wife .
feels very good on the hair and say on the hair i used it all most every day i will buy again ...
you cant go wrong with this soap . it's gentle on sensitive skin and it is beautiful and see through , nice to look at while you use it .
hard to use , very bulky , and dangerous for kids .. u can easily hurt your self , i didn't like it .. u get what u pay for
i have been using this shampoo for years . it is mild and smells great . i even use it as body wash sometimes !
the items keep falling off when i apply and most importantly they get snagged in any fabric . this may just be a personal preference .
great product . cleanses as promised , no harsh ingredients and the scrubber side is effective . i continue with subscribe & save and recommend highly .
too dry for my taste . plus the applicator is too big - wind up getting mascara all over the place .
i heard a lot about this one thingi was so exicted to try it ! but when i tried it it was good sometimes and some time goes gray :)
great product ! i'm noticing my fine lines disappearing and i'm hopeful they'll be all but gone soon . this is a great product and worth your time .
i really love this set of brushes ! i love the case it comes with . the brushes work well . happy with this purchase .
i had high hopes for this and it exceeded them . it works perfectly , texture is great , washable , etc . what more can i ask for ?
gave this to my niece as she is into creating intricate designs on nails . she really likes it , i have not personally used them .
my son loves this product . it is very effective and i don't know what we would do without this product .
i really love them , i have used them like for bout two weeks and they stay the same color , i definitely will order more ! :)
i really don'y like the smell of this lotion which deters me from using it more than the one time i already have .
love rhinestones but one downfall to these is that they are cheap and cheesy but what do u expect .
these are the best and i love the low , low price ! ! great value ! ! they work perfectly on my clarisonic mia
i love doing my own gels , you also need a bonder so don't forget that . this replaces the acetone step .
this product is well worth the money and i will definitely purchase it again in the near future for a nice color .
non-greasy sun protection and face moisturizer in one , great product . i would definitely recommend this to anyone . no detectable fragrance .
i love this stuff . takes my red polish right off without toxins . it also doesn't seem to dry out my nails .
this product makes my skin feel great . i have noticed a big difference since i've been using it on my skin .
great spray bottle . works very well . have only just tried one so far but i have no complaints . very satisfied .
this is a gentle product great for all skin types . i like to leave it on for a few minutes before rinsing off to enjoy the heavenly fragrance .
my hair is overprocessed daily - blow drying and flat ironed . john frieda smooth start shampoo & conditioner saves my hair . i use daily .
have not use this since their gifts but i know this will do the work . can not wait to use this !
not for the whole family ... they are very impractical , save our money , dont buy these you will not like them .
this brush set contains everything you would need to start building up your make up collection and it even comes in a stylish carrying case .
i have tried dozens of macaras and always end up with racoon eyes.not this time ! wonderfully clump and smudge free . hooray !
nice body wash . my complaint is that it came out so fast i used it up very quickly
it makes it much easier to put my lashes on . i wish i knew about this a long time ago .
i love it , girl . this is the best . you betta work that hair , girl . work it . love it . reuse it .
i order this all the time ... make your female parts fresh without the harshness that regular soap have . this is my regular soap now .
this product has been on the market for years because it is a great product at a reasonable price . it arrived within the anticipated timeframe in excellent condition ,
works like a charm ! just add a few drops and thick goopy nail polish becomes new again . i no longer have to throw out old nail polish
awesome collection , a great additions to any nail newbie or nail decorator professionals collection .. a must have product for anyone interested in decorating for themselves or others .
wasn't sure if i really needed this , but it does hold the plate still while you apply polish and scrape of what is not needed .
the product included is awesome ! the box and layers are neat , i thought at first it was going to be crap but it was the complete opposite .
not sure about this yet . have not really seen much improvement to erasing deep wrinkles . the up side is that it does not irritate skin
love this iron ! works great on my hair and the price is just right !
the easiest travel toiletry item of all time ! i slip a bunch of these babies into a sandwich bag and they travel without leaking everywhere .
this color has the right amount of shimmer and shine ... a litte water makes it makes it matte . great product to have
great tool for a great price ! effectively removes the gunk from my pores and leaves my skin smoother . definitely recommend it .
i bought two of these , one for acetone and one for alcohol . they work beautifully and do not leak . i would definitely recommend these .
work well i use it to set my foundation in need of a refills well be buy this elf makeup once again
i use this as a cleanser . i've stopped using products that are made with chemicals . it really helped clear up my skin .
i can't go wrong with finishing my face if i'm applying my smooth collection lipstick . it goes on smooth and stays !
all like all of their products that i have tried . this one is not greasy at all . light and nice .
i find this brush perfect for applying cream blush . a light tapping of the brush applies just enough of the product for light coverage .
it's a pretty big fan brush and it's so soft on my face ! i love it and i love the colour of it .
this is a very luxurious perfumed talc . makes you feel like a queen . beautiful scent . therefore , i would highly recommend purchasing this product . dame hilda
1800pcs nail art rhinestones round 1.5 mmgood product , nice and shiny , easy to use , like the size of these . bought from
i love it ! i do nails and it's great for right now . i have no problems out of it . i'm very satisfied !
i am sorry to say a big fat waste of money - put your money in another product . i don't have anything nice to say about this one .
i found out about argan oil on amazon ! this will make your hair look & smell great ! i have thick hair & love this stuff !
if you like the tingle stuff , you should like this . i don't love feeling like my skin is on fire so i won't be purchasing it again .
the color is vibrant with sparkles . the gel goes on very smooth does the other colors . the package was small and fit the polish perfectly .
i recently began wearing hearing aids and had trouble with itchy ears . this product brought lots of relief . i used sparingly per directions .
the nioxin shelf life is supposed to be 36 months . this product appears ok , but was manufactured in 2010 . good price .
this is wonderful set of brushes for a number of uses when putting on your make-up . i use them everyday .
this product might have really been great 5 years ago when it first came out , but since then , i've tried many drug store balms that work better .
read the reviews and really thought this would be a great product . if you have wrinkle skin on your eye lids forget about buying .
really works around the crevices of my nose . so i really like it and it didn't seem to be a fake like some of the other reviewer stated ...
i have to pump the dispenser up and down about 20 times to get a few drops to come out .
this color is a rather dark taupey brown . it's a great color for the fall and reminds me of chocolate pudding !
i've used these before and they always work great for me . the proof is on the paper - when you peel it off !
my second favorite perfume of course sweet ! ! doesn't last quite as long as id like but you always smell yummy wearing this ;) i always repurchase this .
the color and variety is beautiful and they are so quick and easy to put on . i love them . i get lots of compliments .
i admire them for it soft and do not cause allergies , as well as many quantity and moisten skin and if the opportunity arises ... bought them again
price was great they were easy to use and convenient to keep in purse a quick and easy item to use
even with this primer mineral makeup doesn't work for me . it still looks chalky and unnatural . i prefer to go as natural as possible .
they are really cute came pretty fast to wish they was not all mixed together but other then that its alright
this is a great eye make up remover it really takes off all the eye make up really recomend this product
i really love this gel . the quality is great and the color is exactly like shown in the description - beautiful dark grey , almost black .
waaaayyy to smelly and a sickly sweet overpowering odor . made me nauseated . i gave my bottle to a friend with a warning ...
it's pretty good quality for the price . colors are great . fits in purse which is a plus . i would buy it again .
i like it a lot ! it's dark and silky smooth ! looks great in photo shoots ! i would recommend this color / product !
i need maximum strength . volume too light . no difference in loss or thinning . hair is still not filled in . i was disappointed .
i like the creme under my eyes and especially like the illuminating eye system which helps dark circles disappear . the product last several months and is priced well .
excelente perfume muy suave y fresco se puede usar de diario , recibi el producto en el tiempo estimado , lo recomiendo .
this is a great color especially for the holidays . it works really well and i've gotten a lot of compliments . looks just like the salon shellac manicures !
this is product must have for me , i've been impressed with all the jane carter products i've purchased
very expensive with the shipping but hey it's caviar . probably won't order again too pricy but it's a very good quality product and you will love it .
love all the colors and adds just the right sparkle to my clients nail art . great deal of fun !
makeup does not taste like vanilla as stated . had to swallow some makeup remover after to get the nasty taste out of my mouth . still 5 star
these shadows is very beautiful and wonderful and beautiful colors seem obvious in use ... and look firm for a long timethank you very much
great brush ! this brush was so soft and durable . i also love this brand of brushes , great quality . i highly recommend this item .
okay concealer brush . good price . i need to wash it often though , because it cakes up and gets matted . does the job .
these didn't work for me . the one i could get to work just dripped everywhere ... and another i could never get to spray .
love love love this color it goes on well but you need a steady hand but the end results are great
this makeup does exactly what it says it will do . covers flaws , absorbs oily shine , good for acne prone skin . love it ! ! !
the plastic and rubber parts are sturdy enough to work well but don't scrape like metal . with cuticle removing lotion , this is perfect .
this one has a nice smell and seems to serve as a catalyst for relaxation . my husband uses it whenever he needs to soak in a hot bath .
i received this product a lot quicker than i expected . the color is great , and the lashes are easy to take off with a gentle tug .
it's a quality product but i'm not convinced it being infused with oil makes any difference . it does the job
these are gorgeous are perfect for the purse or a trip , it is very useful and they are excellent quality ! ! !
i love these brushes , they are a must have for any makeup lover , nice size and work great , i always look forward to using them !
i never could get the polish remover into the pen ; a qtip dipped in polish remover works just as well !
comparable to urban decays eyeshadow primer . i put this on and then the nyx white pencil in milk . it's definitely worth it
it smooths out my hair . i love the smell and both shampoo and conditioner are great . i would definitely buy this brand again . great price too .
smell was okay . nothing special . i bought it because coco raved about how it was her favorite fragrance . i guess it smells better on her .
this lotion is great , it goes on smoothly , has a nice subtle scent and does the job keeping my skin moisturized .
these are very flimsy and i have put topcoat over them and they still peel off . the ones that the salons use are much heavier .
this color is a pale grape color . very pretty , and nicely represented by the photo provided by another customer . covered well with 2 coats .
good product . i still have a lot left over .. fresh :) good condition . will buy more of this product . i love this stuff .
okay so the item is weirdly shaped and only does good on really long hair if that . i guess you get it for the price !
this is the 2nd step in a 4 step process to perfect manicures . must have if you are going gelish .
iv'e been using obagi for 1 year now , im 41 and so amny people compliment me on how great my skin looks . i use c serum daily .
excelente producto , lo recomiendo 100 % al igual que el vendedor , me llego sin problemas y en las condiciones que el vendedor lo indicó . gracias
natural is best for my sensitive skin .. full of garden veggies . smells great . burts bees is my new facial skin care .
“ kind of freaky , it soaks into the nail at the same time sits on tops of the nail strengthen it ” seems like she really likes it .
cleans makeup off gently . only makeup remover i would use on my skin . all the others i have used have caused red rash .
love the texture of my skin - this product absorbs well . my complexion looks very even - i use in conjunction with the moisturizer and night cream ..
i love the eye shadows . its beautiful ánd unique . its worth more than the price . good buy , great price
i really like yardley soaps , and have used them for years , and this new addition is a real winner . shea butter makes everything better .
i was as impressed with this product as others wrote - it's okay but honestly there are far better products out there .
this product doesnt not work , the company is just ripping people off i have tryed this over 100 time since i received it and it still doesnt work
i love this body was it smells fantastic ! i will defiantly be buying more when i run out ! it's also a really great price for 3 bottles
my sister loves this stuff and has a hard time finding the bigger bottles . this was a good buy for her
takes for ever to get , this is a low quality glitter but still serves its purpose .
this brush worked for what i needed it for . it could have been a little more less flimsy , but it works .
happy to have this and the quality is also good , no need to search it in store and also cheap compare to store .
i like this and use it on my hair and have noticed a difference . hair is naturally curly and dry .
i always bay this product , and is an excellent base . the face is brilliant and close de pimples . i love it .
these are your basic soap . they do what bath soap is suppose to do , clean your body nothing fancy .
i have very fine hair and this is pretty much the only product i use for my hair ! it keeps it up and looks natural !
i like this mascara and the liner , the package came in handy . the mascara is very smooth and gives a nice volume . totally recommended .
love this concealer , but the problem is the bottle is small ! , but it really conceals dark spots , and will buy more
i've had one bottle for 2 years and there's still some left . this is a major bargain in my book .
using shampoo or soap to clease brushes and makeup sponges leaved residue and marks of product in them , especially foundation . this one cleanses immaculately ! highly recommended .
although tube is small it does last quite a while if used sparingly . seems to relax skin under and around eyes .
working well for my rosacea and causing any flare ups or dry skin . i have used some prices stuff and this works better than even avene .
i can tell the difference in my skin already . my skin is smoother , cleaner , no lines , smaller pores , etc . great price too ! !
i was pleased that i didn't experience any streaking and the color was good , but i couldn't get past the smell , it's an awful chemical smell .
looks very cute with two coats topped off with the silver sand gelish color , cant stop staring at my nails when i have it on :d
perfect for people with light blonde / dirty blonde brows . it's the second one i've gotten and i use it daily - - it lasts a long time .
it is an excellent product . i use it daily and it definately help to decrease the dark spot . i would recommend it to others .
this is by far my favorite concealer . does not crease at all . coverage could be a little better , but still a great product .
really nice selection of colors which allows me time to decide if i like them on me . i do , so will order again .
i love it . i use it with the serum , been on both products for about three years , makes my facial skin feels tight and smooth .
great variety of brushes . some i haven't figured out how to use but they look like professional painters brushes , not just nail brushes .
it's a rich , black mascara . i guess they put it in a green tube to appear organic . and that says it all .
smooth , highly pigmented lip pencils . i love the variety of colors , and the orange one is surprisingly beautiful . i always get compliments !
this tool is very useful and i really needed it . i'm glad i got it . it also make things easier .
these worked well for what i needed them for . i think along with other lashes they are about the same . they already have the glue on them .
absolutely love it ! ! it is a great top coat . i love opi . i am really glad i got this color . i highly recommend opi .
thank youi got it at time and in perfict wayi got mare of it as gift and evry body is happy by it
this has saved a few bottles of polish for me.so i would say its worth the money . yay yay
the are what they say they are and do the job at a really terrific price . i am pleased with this purchase .
adding this before brushing ( in very small amounts ) helps with tangles . it also adds lift and makes your hair ultra soft !
this soap is great . i love this because it cleans your hands without drying them out . the dispenser lasts through multiple refills as well .
the nail tape is very thin and hard to work with . it was difficult to find the start of each roll .
this is a good product . i use it regularly . the only critique that i have is that my hair doesn't comb easily after i use it .
i bought this for a friend who loves it so far . she has thick , wavy hair . pretty purple color too !
great pencil and gel for african american , natural brown color matches well with my original brows . easy to apply and quick drying time
the only problem is you have to buy glue for them separately but you could also subsitute the glue for a top coat .
it's fine but not enough in the can for the money . and , be careful not to get it on your scalp . won't look realistic .
this is perfect . it gets really hot and keeps the curl . it cam e really fast as well . i would say get one
all the brushes have held up great after months of use ! highly recommend - - especially if you are just starting a brush collection !
i love queen helene products . never too harsh for my sensitive skin and always works extremely well . will continue to buy this again and again
i have purchased this product more than once now . it does indeed give volume , length to the lashes . next best thing to false lashes indeed !
smells nice but doesn't work very well at taming flyways or conditioning dry hair .
i love this conditioner ! leaves your hair very soft . easy to use with the pump . i will order again and recommend it .
this is a great shampoo , it smells really good and leaves your hair soft and silky . would definitely purchase again .
love these for my at home mani's but the gold ones chip and flake even with a top coat . however , for the price you can't go wrong .
they were packed neat and was as i though it would be great use for carving and shaping nails unique
this makes my damaged hair feel soft and healthy ... love the results ... it was recommended to me by a stylist ... really good stuff
once again i gave a neutral grade since this is an ethnic hair care product so i utilized comments from those who have actually used it for comparison .
i use only a few times and found out product does everything its supposed to with leaving the skin extremely soft after use.thanks
i have been using this mask for about 12 years ! ! love the way it make my face look clear and fresh ! ! a must have ! !
this brush makes contouring so easy well worth every penny and more . its one of my can't nod without brushes !
i tried this product with a lot of hope for quite sometime . i didn't see any improvement what so ever . i would not recommend buying it .
i haven't been taking this a month . will have to update this review after three months . will know by then .
benn using this for about 2 years and would not ue anything elseno mac no chanel nope not for me this will do great for length and volume !
not a fan of this drys my hair out horribly and tangles the hell out of it but it did help get the black dye out of my hair
i bought the wrong color last time and was very unhappy with it . got the right one this time and i am loving it !
this product works alright for a concealer but not great . doesn't really go on smooth and is drying to the under eye area .
this is so good for the hair . it makes it so soft , i will keep using this also . found this after seeing a review on you tube
super cute and just as described . i only got a few that had similar bottles . i can't believe how great the price was !
arrived super quickly which was a nice surprise ! as to be expected this soap gets " mushy " quickly . smells great and decent lather .
this body wash has a very fresh , citrus scent that makes it easier to wake up in the morning . it is also very moisturizing .
these are the most essential things in manicure history , great for cuticles , removing excess polish , water marbling , you name gotta have it
i've got hooded eyelids so i need something like this to keep the mascara off my lids and this does the job perfectly .
they are great for a natural brow , and the wax keeps them in place , really is great for day to day . quick and easy
i use this white nyx jumbo pencil as a primer for my eyeshadows . it does a good job of keeping the eyeshadow vibrant and does not cake .
i always have liked tommy hilfiger products . i have used this cologne for over 2 years for my casual everyday situations .
came fast and in great condition ! loved the kit each brush is different and well made i am very happy with my purchase !
this cools your face after a chemical peel . i wouldn't do a peel without this to follow . it works quickly and worth the money for sure .
really great deal for price , a little smaller then i thought but still as creamy and pigmented as a concealer
wonderful set lots of choices to uses . fun to use and lots of great ideas to create for kids and adults for toes or nails
it's okay not great , it smells like mist and it don't stay long ! you have to spray more to smell the fragrance ...
i love this color , grave mistake . it is a deep , cranberry , marron red . it stays on fairly well also . i highly reccommend !
i expected so much more from this because of its reviews . however im not impressed . my hair feels the same after using this .
it really does the job and i like the way it get the black heads out of the skin ... wonderful ! ! ! thks
i love the smell its so strong , but i dont feel mutual about the results .. havent seen any difference using this product .
their entire product line is amazing . my hair has never looked better . i love this product . it really brings out the curl .
best hair product that is all natural . could not live without it for my curly , unruly hair .
love this hairspray . it keeps my hair in place without making it stiff . i recommend it to my friends and family
not really feeling this powder it seems to watery.but its okay need to use it again i like to have control over how i want my acrylic to flow
i " ve been using shellac for 4 years now & i love it . the color stays on for 2.5 to 3 weeks .
i absolutely loved this gel with its ability to hold any style together and its soft , non sticky feel ! excellent !
the skin corrector works really well . like all products , just not over use them and the results will surprise you .
easy to apply and great little brush ! does not smudge or come off ! price performance , very happy with my purchase .
i thought these were going to be like frownies . i think it's unsanitary to reuse these even if you do rinse them .
i love this lotion ! good moisturizer and it smells great ! i bought it to help relieve stress and i'd say it definitely makes my mornings more relaxed !
maybe i'm not doing it right ? ? i can't seem to hold it and my mascara wand and end up with a bigger mess than without .
i love the way this smells . it wors great for my hair , which is naturally thick and wavy . great for between washes .
the product i bought is great ! i love it so much . my hair is full and thicker than what it was before .
this lipstick is very creamy and feels good on my lips . i was not overly fond of the color , a bit too purple for me .
i saw no gains after 3 months . cause major irritation and redness . also very sticky . just not for me . ill look elsewhere .
who would pay this much for a pallete is under 70 dollars you can get it for 45 dollars this is crazy .
this set ! these colors are amazing , so many pretty colors , i really love every single color in this set , they are beautiful
great ! ! ! i get alot of compliment on the sticker will recommend to others . i will order some more love it
they take a while , but were faster than anticipated . these are amazing for the price , definitely not an everyday or natural looking lash
these are very easy to use with a big assortment of designs . they come in tiny 1 inch sticks in a box with a razor blade for cutting .
not sure if this is useful at all - makes skin smooth but makeup dont hold longer at all -
i like this okay but i am not seeing it as such a ' great ' thing that i am going to want to use all the time .
the product quality looks impeccable , it feels nice , smooth and soft . i can't wait to try it in the tub .
good strong glue . does a good job with rhinestones and even other things like super glue .
this wig is a awesome addition to her collection and she really enjoys changing her look . in just minutes bang a new look
works well . i like the ability to tie it place . i really notice a difference when i do not use .
all it did for me was irritate my eyes . not what i was hoping for . it has a thin consistency that seeps into your eyes .
stayed on all night ! urban decay was ok and nars never worked for me . mac irritated my eyes but two faced was perfect .
i really like this oil . it works great on my fine curly hair . i've been using it for several years now .
i can't get it to work without hurting my head . if you don't have that much hair , it might be easier .
i thought it would smell better , but it's ok not something i will continue getting but i don't just hate it , it's not my favorite smell .
fits the pupose only minor complaint is the pockets could be deeper , otherwise it holds alot . perfect invention ! ! !
i have very dry skin so i use this treatment as my regular moisturizer . i also use this when applying retin a to lessen the application amount .
its a very cute print and had no troubles with mine . i took very good care of it ! very roomy !
i love this toner i have purchased it before from amazon i love that it is alcohol free since i do have sensative skiface feelssilky ater use great buy
this is very good for keeping the brows in line ... last all day it gets hard after drying ... will order again .. great shipping ...
this pen set is everything i imagined it would be . ive been dotting myself into a frenzy . goodbye bobby pin ... youve been replaced .
this color is awesome . it's a really deep , plum purple . one of my favorite colors . it's definitely worth the money .
these work well for my nail art . they take the paint well and applies perfect on the nail bed . love !
i have mane maxx extensions . this loop brush is a " must have " for smoothing and detangling without compromising the bonds .
what can i say ? this is one of my favorite products and favorite fragrances . yes , to say i love it is the truth ! !
love this palette ! although the colors all seem to be on the warmer side , its great for when i apply makeup to my clients !
love these . i love doing little designs on my nails and these are so pretty . the colors are great and there are so many .
bought this as a gift for a friend who loved mine so much she wanted one of her own . nuff said . great product !
great and an affordable product - a must have for daily use . love the thin tip , makes it easier to glide !
they are a little weak , if u bend them they get damaged easily . but for me , im starting to do nails , theyre great for the price
i haven't used this product yet . as soon as the month is up i will let you know if it works as expected .
thankyou guys these are amazing i really needed these to make my nail designs these are wonderful and i don't have to worry about using my own hands .
i do not use this product i purchased it for my girlfriend and she said she likes it , a bit pricy but it keeps her happy
this is so much make up for such a little price . let's not mention it is of quality . look at the price ! just amazing !
doesn't go on very smoothly . it is hard to get a nice concentration of color . would not buy again . disappointed .
i use this every night after i wash my face . it is helping me keep my pores clear and less noticeable .
love love this set they are very convenient , , specially the dome shaped brush i like using it for under eye or blemish concealing
i love using this brush i'm new to applying powder on my brows and this brush makes it so much easier .
i love the sparkle and glitter and depth of this polish ! i would recommend it to anyone who likes to sparkle !
i have short hair and it is straight ! i don't look good with straight hair - must have curls . this curling iron does the job ! fantastic !
use it all the time and its great and will continue to use it and will order again when im out .
i use pre-cleanse daily . it easily removes eye make up as well as foundation . it lasts forever because a little goes a long way !
great product , great smell , great texture . i love the amir products they are great . and the packaging is convenient for shower too .
it has a nice smell and my hair looks and feel really good after using it for the past few days !
really thickens my hair as stated ! even my long-distance so commented over skype that he could see the difference , that's kinda amazing !
firstly , this hair dye's expiration date ran out 3 years ago . secondly it didn't lighten my hair much at all .
let's just say this brush is the bomb . i use it on my cheeks to apply my blush . the blush goes on so smooth and effortlessly .
most moisturizers are spf 20 or less ... i tried another well-known , well-advertised brand and broke out ! reminder to me : stick to neutrogena products !
i like it because it is heavier for dry skin . a little sticky but emollient and good for the price .
this is a light day cream that definitely helps control oil . i wear it under my foundation . i recommend it !
i didnt get what i ordered they are very thin and more for a natural look nice as bottom lashes thats it
i was expecting these to be glittery or something . they are just so very flat . no sparkle or shine . saaad .
i use this every day to fill in my eyebrows . goes on really easy . i would definately purchase this product again . worth the money too .
i live in houston . the humidity here is a killer for any hairstyle . this hairspray keeps my hair in place even on rainy days .
chose this rating because its a good product . i like the thickness of the lotion and the moisturizing effect . do recommend .
feels fantastic on my eyes . i can see a difference in eyes not looking as tired as they did before i started using this cream .
these are adorable and great for adding that extra little pop to your manicure . they are silver on one side and gold on the other !
my skin feels really good after using this system and i would recommend it . it was cheaper than in some stores .
it's ideal for organized products in each pocket or slot . perfect size to put anywhere in your home . comes in different colors too and is affordable
it's great on hair . i was able to get my hair into a semblance of style without tearing it out
this is another christmas gift for friends in thailand . i cant believe how expensive this is there . so great gift .
such quality ! my salon started using this company , and they say they get really great reviews . i love the smooth finish and glow .
this product is my favorite scent . i got exactly what i ordered in time at a reasonable price . excellent scent !
vivite products are awesome , i try this just make sure it was going to be ok for my skin and it did , i love it
works really well . my sister's hair is really damaged with split ends and very dry . after just a few treatments , her hair is vastly improved !
don't bother . this is no longer being produced . i can not recommend this to anyone because of this . sorry , sorry
the dudu-osun is as good as the nubian in slightly different ways ; more fragrant , dissolves faster.lathers as well while being a milder soap .
its good only negative point its not smudge proof but look great so i like it .. if u want smudge proof go for milani kohl ...
i like to use this on my other colors as a top coat . gives it sparkle and dresses it up .
it is just like the picture . i wish it were a true barrette though instead of just a clampy one .
these are really great :) my nail dot designs came out perfect every time and not to mention they look really cute . great addition to any nail set .
i have dark brown hair so i got the brown bangs . they actually look red so i can't wear them . also it came a loooong time after .
this color is not pink ! its more of a nude tan . even with a clear sparkle coat on top , i could not make it look pretty .
it's a nice cream , seems to keep skin hydrated . i am 75 so not looking for miracles , but i enjoy using the cream .
i can work with these lashes to practice and for short term but i prefer human lashes . good for the price though .
it ripped the first time i tried to use it . glad i didn't pay much for it .
i've tried many brush shampoo and this is the one really works very well . it can remove all the residual makeups and keep your brushes clean .
i love this product me and my girls use it all the time and have all loved the way it looks .
in my opinion it leaves makeup looking oily . maybe i didnt let dry long enough but it makes eyeshadow look cakey ! ! !
i've been using this moroccanoil the original oil treatment 100ml / 3.4fl.oz . for a year almost and i don't notice anything extraordinary . it's also very expensive .
i really like this product ! easy to use and manage . after purchasing this product , my sister and i have more nail time together ! :)
love it ! nice creamy brown , i have probably 12-14 different browns and this one is my favourite of them all .
wife loves it ! thank you ! makes her skin feel so much better ! great product with pleasant smell , says shell buy again definitely ! fast shipping !
great brushes especially great because of the price . such a deal ! the brushes work great , love that they are real hair .
these don't stay on very well at all . i think they lasted about a day to two days before they fell off .
love them , they work great ! will prob be ordering some more ! ! very happy with the product and i will be back soon ..
is ok is 10 good quality is worth the money u pay for this thanks for sending it early then the date u say .
works like i expected it to . the blue light display is a plus for this straightener . i would purchase this again .
it's a good serum if you need one to add to your skincare routine . i liked it and think that it's a great mix of potent ingredients .
i bought this for me but my 23 yr old daughter loves the grey colors . they go on really nicely and last .
this is a great little lunch kit . i love the sections and it makes taking my easy . i get compliments on it all the time .
this is an awesome color ! i love the name too ! use this one with the silver additive . it is beautiful .
this lipstick are very durable and vivid love it and much . rose pink like cotton candy . it is the color a want it
the body wash is perfekt for you who have very dry skin . and it smell very good . rekomendation this with the yes to carrots intense lotion .
use on top of my dresser to organize my mac lipsticks and glosses . i recommend this product . helps me see the lipstick names easily .
i love it ! i can go on vacation with my matching luggage ! love the zebra print with purple trim ! taking it to vegas soon !
i love the way the gems glisten and even with gel over top they still glistened they are small and not big thank you
thank you for the greatest pumpit works great and i also love it and so must i say it is awesome thanks
i'm so happy with this product ; and is perfect for my complexion color , is beautiful . sand beige looks perfect on my skin ..
love this nail polish ! it is the perfect nude pink color ! it's very light , but so pretty ! and so long lasting !
this is a very nice brush set . i have " ruffed " them up a bit to see if there were loose bristles - not one !
i love this brush , it really keeps it's shape ! ! it makes applying acrylic super easy ! ! my nails look great ! !
i thought the shipping was expensive , other than that , this eyeshadow palette is super pigmented , great quality , not powdery at all on the lid .
i prefer their brunette version better . i'm a darker blonde , but even at that - - this left a clearly visible white residue on my hair .
greasy and heavy . you really need mousses or something to give your hair some life . blow dring a must with this product . i wouldn't buy again
my mom uses this stuff all the time and loves it ! she uses the other products with it and can't say enough about how good it is !
this gives you such a flawless look . you dont need to use too much product either . love it so much , that i'm going to buy another .
this product is so lovely i would consider getting it in many other colors if available . the stones are nicely set
this stuf works :) leaves my face feeling super clean and after a few days i deffinitly saw a difference in acne . a great deal price-wise too !
i love this stuff i use it in my foot baths and bath salt making just really great salt . ^ _ ^
using the beauty blender is the best was to get a flawless look with foundation . this kit is a lot cheaper than buying them separately so what a bargain
i love this color it is so vibrant and it reacts to black-light it glows bright blue . i also received it in one day ! !
i bought this thinking my curls would be soft but it wasn't . it made my hair stiff :( no good !
opaque and no shine - if your looking for a good neutral color that isn't too tan then this is the way to go ! love the gelish colection !
it makes her eye more defined , seductive , attractive and somewhat mysterious . she now looks like a tiger on the prowl .
the original and can never get old . good for dry skin and helps in winters . one of the best petroleum jellies .
i had high hopes for this product since i bruise easily . looks like makeup . plus is that it does not rub off on clothes once dry .
this is a great product and an essential step in a long lasting manacure at home . i will be buying again
smells good - all natural and the package is nice as well . i will continue to buy this product - .
i love the way this makes my face feels . even felt great in the morning . good stuff good smell . would get it again .
this stuff if like crack . buy it . nice replacement for the old egyptian musks . not exactly the same , but close .
this was not what i thought i ordered ... they are not designed for use on gel nails . no i will not buy again .
it did just what i wanted it to . it is super and you should make the purchase . there is nothing to say but it is fabulous .
this product is really amazing and lasts such a long time ! ! i really love this product and will order it again !
use with coconut oil to make my own natural facial and body lotions-smells delightful and no chemicals on my skin-just soft and smelling wonderful
they look really cute on my nails . i use a razor blade to slice pieces of the end and then glue them on with nail glue .
great product . good price . one of my favorite body washes , even works as a fine shampoo in a pinch ! will buy again .
olay pro-x cleansing brush-love this tool ! ! ! i use this about 3 times a week & it really cleanses my face !
love it a little goes a long way and it smells so good , really helped my split ends . i wash my hair with wen
i love this color .. it is a great fun summer color . goes on very smooth and i have gotten lots of compliments on it !
this re-moist is the best i loved it was perfect for when i colored my hair and that in between use
i take two of these capsules daily and without going into too much detail , i think they really help my digestion .
i like it its more on the green side but not an ugly color good for the price last long
love , love , love this product . everyone in the house uses it , the 12 , 16 and 42 year olds . its perfect for everyone !
this perfume smells so beautiful ! will wear everyday ! the scent seems to be long lasting . will purchase again in the future .
this very private body wash is softly effective and works without adding fragrance or irritations to your body . highly recommended . a staple in my personal bathroom .
super super pigmented so use very very little or you'll look like a clown but great stay power and not greasy .
this oil is like gold for skin and hair . will be mixing with other essential oils for full benefits on hair .
i do love this product , however it is pricey and i find it now and then at ross stores for a fraction of the cost here .
i love the color ... it looks much darker in the picture , it's actually a rich , deep burgundy , perfect with some black liner and mascara .
i ordered this convo because i wanted the dotting tools and the rhinestone instrument i am happy for the quality and price . the rhinestones are also pretty
one of the best wigs ever , gets tangled and looks dry easily but if you style it every day it looks great and realistic .
it you want a costume y look then they are fine . waxy and very fake looking . but they are cheap enough
did nothing to calm my frizz or help straighten my hair - actually , i think it made it worse and dried out my hair .
almost looks the same as in picture . or may be a lil more brighter . shines perfectly , looks worth the price . nice buy !
this was a great buy . the " caviar " is a bit bigger in size than i expected but the quality is good and takes to adhesive well .
i have been using this soap for about a year . it's well-priced and lasts a long time . i use about 3 squirts on my loofah
holds soap for washing those long days and nights away . stay fresh and yeah what else is there to say ...
this is really great for people who have problems with too much acid in their body . i would recommend it for sure .
targets nasty situations . it is economical too and goes a long way . disappears with no residue . a little drop will do ya !
amazed at how well and gentle this brush functions . the price was great and i have no issues with the brush .
it truly works - my eyebrow was extremely thin due to over plucking and let me tell that i truly have eyebrows now ! ! ! absolutely great product .
if you are looking to get this item you might want to know that this jar is very small , it's looks a lot bigger in the picture .
i really wanted to notice a change in my face using this serum but i did not . now i have happily moved on to other products . :)
i like the idea of natural ingredients in makeup . nice black , elongates lashes , does not clump and glue eyelashes together with clay .
i would recommend this product anyone . i have used this product for about 3 years and have worked on me great
very pleased with the product . it did a great job at moisturizing my hair but not leaving it oily or greasy .
this stuff is amazing , so big , so soft , easy to clean , met the expectations at all . highly recommended ! you will gonna love it
it's very smooth . i can't tell much about it's other effects yet , but i wish this product is less oily .
this wig was a huge diappointment it looked and felt cheap ; it tangled very easy as well .. i would not recommend this product to anyone .
this product didn't seem to do anything for my hair that was dry from getting colored . oh well . next try .
so many beautiful colors to choose from ! ! everyone always thinks i get my nails done at a professional salon , they just look so perfect and beautiful !
this color turned out prettier than i thought it would . one of my favorites ! went on easy come off easy !
one use and my skin looks brighter and tighter ! ! i am excited to keep using and keep seeing awesome results !
leaves your hair really shinny . easy to use , perfect size , i have long hair and this size is perfect . the cushion is really useful .
fast shipping , nothing damaged . i use this on my hair while wet then blow dry . works great , leaves hair very soft .
zoya does it again . i can't get enough of their polish . this color is stunning ! i used it for several fall manicures .
i love how the colors are so sparkly and shimmery , love how the colors stand out , yet are not to bold .
this is a great lotion . i keep it to have in my back pack and carry it in a purse .
this palette is a must have for everyday use . it's great because it contains most nude shades . ideal for any age .
i will let everyone know how it works along side my aqua glycolic skin care system . i am using this on my arms and legs .
great to have if you like to do nails . use to put designs on nails or paint over then pull off to make stripes or designs .
they're really good and everyone should have one in their make up bag ! definitely recommend ! they're super soft and gentle !
my skin was radiant and glowing once i applied the primer . my makeup went on with ease . i received many compliments .
i only just started using this product . so i can not say if it will work on thickening lashes . it does make lashes feel silky .
it was too big for my head ! lol , there was no way i could wear this because it was just too big .
overall--useless . 1 ) sticky 2 ) no changes in 1 mnth 3 ) slightly stingswaste of money
wow , this stuff is amazing ! the color is lovely and very neutral . my lips are stained all day with this and i couldn't be more pleased .
love almay products , but this was not useful for my age , not satisfied with coverage . will keep exploring other types .
i am an esthetician and this facial steamer is perfect for giving facials . it is good quality for the price .
nice color but you have to do a few coats to get it to a nice shade . overall the opi gels are very nice .
i like the product , it has a slight scent . nothing to noticeable . great for my skin made it so much clearer and smooth .
i wasnt sure if this product was going to work because i have tried others but it works like a charm . very please and highly recommended !
love the materialit is very good for your skini bet every one would like this kind of stuff hahaha
my daughters love to put curlers in there hair and these work great they go to bed and in the morning there hair is very curly .
i regret buying this primer . it does not hide redness and the worst thing is that it has shimmer which is not suitable during the day .
this brush is great not only for bronzer but also for other powders . it is extremely soft , lightweight and ecofriendly .
gorgeous and beautifuli loved this very companyeasy to use and dries quickly and high qualityappropriate pricesthank you
they so helpful with the decoration of your nails make it easy for you to create flowers and much more . they are different size with it will help more
i used to dry brush a hundred years ago--but somehow forgot about it . now that i have this handy brush i have rekindled my affair with dry brushing .
this is apparently the only quality root concealer that the correct color for non-gold blonde hair . buy more tha one to save on shipping .
i use this to comb through my hair in the shower when i'm applying or rinsing conditioner . it detangles nicely . mine came in a pretty turquoise color .
absolutely amazing.love these products . i got this for a friend and she wears it everyday.it ' s so cute and heat resistant so it's easy to style .
i would totally skip this purchase . i just tried this this morning and a few major downfalls.first of all , i purchased both this product and
very nice conditioner works awesome on my hair or extensions . does exactly what it is supposed to do . yes i would recommend to others .
very wintery . nice designs . show up well on a lot of different colors of polish . would order again . like for winter or christmas .
i have this brush in the larger size as well it works well with my long thin fine hair . much easier to use than a curling iron .
this is a really nice color , not as pink color as it looks more of a mauve color but still really lovely .
i don't know why but i always come back to this makeup remover . it just works so well , and the size to price is great too !
keeps nail polish on longer . keeps the top hard and protects from scratches and smudges . i love it so much , it is defenitly a must
i wanted something to store my homemade beauty products in . i've ordered those for lip balm . they are the perfect size for putting your purse .
unfortunately the material melted while in the mail box . it's peeling like hell and isn't something i can use on my hair without black flakes decorating my cranium .
great toner . no alcohol so does not strip skin . also , does wonders with making my pores less visible . also reduces my redness
i love the curler just disappointed that i paid 5 dollars more to get the solid purple one and got a purple and black one . :(
this product came to me in a broke bottle with its contents spilled all over the packaging . needless to say , i was not impressed .
this product works quickly and and is mild enough to use once a week on sensitive skin if massaged gently . i love this product !
bought this for myself on sale for $ 13.00 at walmart my mom wanted some and i bought it on here for her - we both love it
it's lasted a lot longer than the original that came with the lamp . what more else can i say ? oh , and it's easy to replace .
their products last a long time . always worth the money . their brushes are also soft and remain soft after washing .
love the palette , but it starts to dry out a little bit .. but overall , it'sa great product to have in your kit !
i bought this as a gift for a friend along with another crackle polish . very pretty and shiny . crackle works great !
this is a great alternative to a regular blowdryer that can tangle your hair especially mine since i have fine hair . makes it smooth
first of all , i was surprised how heavy it was . but it is not too noisy and it does dry the hair quite fast .
worked like the expensive one foamed alittle when i wet it so i would wash it b4 use .. good product overall
you won't be disappointed if you want a neutral shimmery nail gel . i love it and would recommend it to anyone .
great for dark marks and blemishes just like it said . got mines december 7 in the mail . this is something i needed for the eyes area .
this is a big cuticle pusher but it is good quality and of decent weight . it isn't flimsy at all . best probably for toes .
the brushes must be one of the best purchases i've ever made . they clean easily and make the detailed designs i want .
some of the colors vary but there still nice . so dont expect all the same colors . looks real cute on nails
i have been using this for a few weeks . if your looking for a daily shampoo and not too concerned about volume , this is meant for you .
i absolutely love the dermastamp . it is so helpful for getting those hard-to-reach areas when i'm derma-rolling.ma ' face . yeah buddy ! ! !
i love it it looks great on my nails everyone say where did you get that and i say amazon.com so lady's get it and you will see ...
this is simple but very handy , i chose it cause it was made of acrylic . it looks beautiful on my bathroom sink .
this eyeliner is on the smaller side , but it works wonders ! the first time i used it i got the most perfect results .
this is a great product but it was a little thinner and watered down then bottles i have purchased from other retailers .
it works gradually in the skin , after three days of aplication you can see results . no allergic reactions , nothing to complain .
these work well as soaking salts in a bath . i like them mixed with epson salts and eucalyptus oil or peppermint oil .
i have used this system for over ten years and this is the best price ihave found . it appears to help .
i learned how much i hate bar glitter with this polish . its ok i just have a hard time with the bar glitters in it .
good mineral powder that goes on smoothly and matches my complexion color better than most , even far more expensive brands .
this is my favorite tote ! it's big enough to fit everything a girl needs in it with room to spare !
my wife seems to really like this particular mascara . she says the applicator works better than most shes tried . sounds like a good product .
i use this as a base and ridge filler , and sometimes alone for a buffed look . i love this stuff .
i freakin love these brushes . they are soft and they make for an easy makeup application . i will be purchasing a few other brushes from real techniques .
i did not notice much of a difference to my skin after i used all of it , it is just a simply face lotion , nothing special .
i love this stuff ! i typically use clinique , but that is so expensive i tried out this product , which i find very comparable and much cheaper .
i love all the eyeshadows in this ! i especially love the box . its my new train case ! this is a great deal !
i love love this moisturizer it really soften the hair and it smells very good . i will definatelly purchase again .
its good shea butter . raw and i mix with it with oils & made a batch for my regime . its good butter
so fresh ! i doubt if there is more toit than just feeling fresh . but feels great after using it . skin feels plump , soft and glowing !
i felt my skin was more hydrated and my fine lines were not so apparent so i'm happy with the purchase .
it works great worth every penny i spent on it and it cleans very fast with using only a small amount of product
i typically use only aveda products , but this is my favorite conditioner . it smells amazing , and works so well for the price .
it is really inexpensive for 100 pieces comparing to other sets that is out there . these are really cute hair extensions .
i will never purchase a mini set of opi again . not what i expected and this pack was even worse .
love this product . it makes my hair feel soft , leaves it shiny and smooth . i would buy this again when i run out .
a must have highlighter ! also gonna use as a shadow cause , it's beautiful ! can't believe i didn't have this b4 now !
i am sensitive to the feeling of anything " heavy " on my face . this feels light and makes my skin feel so soft . love the product .
i love combs and they are getting harder to find in pairs . so glad i found these . wish they had clear ones and pearl ones .
these containers are extremely small so you wouldn't be able to cover all your nails in the same color , but they're great to experiment new designs with
it's soft but i feel like i cant get any blush or bronzer on with it . i went back to my old stiff kabuki brush .
these are so nice at such a cheap price , they are just like the ones that are used in the salon and they work very well
no need for nail polish . keeps nails looking nice , smooth , shaped and shiny . it's easy to use and does the job quickly .
so happy because i cannot find this at stores any longer ... thank you for making it available to me ... i will keep ordering
love it . i like the smell because i already use coconut milk serum in my hair . easily dissipates into hair .
works great ! i use it after every coat and it makes my manicure last longer . now i can't do my nails without it !
great color , it looks good on people with cool skin tones not warm , because it is an orange red . it shipped and arrived very quickly .
it came earlier then expected . it looks natural like no one even notices . i love the dual sides . great buy !
my boyfriend ordered these for me as we can't get them where we live . they are a must have and i will order again .
perfect if you garden and need to get the gunk out of your nails and cleans your cuticles . isn't too abrasive either . love them !
this is the best picker upper for nailart , it works well for me i might just buy another one
this is a great neutral palette ! i like to use it alone or combine more colors . most colors are matte i think there might be two shimmery shades
these are the brushes that i need , to do perfect designs i am very pleased with the quality . thank you .
this was a perfect little brush kiteverything fith into this comsmetic urban gal bagthe brushes were very useful ; it kept it organized in there
its beautiful and of good quality i really love this product its reat for chic buns , a great piece for the collection
works great for clearing up skin . be easy around the lower edges of nose as it can dry that area out rather quick as the skin is thin .
leaves marks in your hair as it goes through , cheap , not worth it , spend more .
so happy with the results of my hair , they really work.they r well worth the money.came early that was a plus for me .
love this product ! ! ! it works so well , that when styling my hairit comes out almost as good as when done in a salon .
pieces are heavy duty but the clippers are very very dull and don't really work . it takes some wiggling just right to work .
this stuff is great especially for fine hair and lets you round brush your hair w / o it looking greasy and dull
amazing ! i swear by this stuff ! ! ! use it only on my legs and it lasts for the week ! the whole week !
i am a big black and white fan so this is perfect to put over my black polish . i will buy more when i need it .
on time , new , cute . i just have to glue them with crazy glue and i wish it was more , but they so cute :)
the silver part of the brushes came off , i guess it wasn't glued on right or something . it works but wish they were a little better .
the first time i tried to use this it snapped and broke before my hair even touch the item , cheap made but youngest what you pay for
i love this ! it has the perfect amount of exfoliates for my face . it left my face feeling nice and refreshed !
i love this product . i has softened my skin . relieve the itching . when i use it regularly it clears up my psoriasis .
but still very pretty . mine turned out more blue than multicolored but its still pretty spectacular in the light . worth the price
i needed a blow dryer for college this was cheapest one i found and it has a cool setting works perfect for me
picks up image and transfer nicely . i have only played around with it the stamp and have done some experimenting . mani and pedi should be a breeze .
this is was a gift for my brother , but i have to say that i really do like this scent !
i do like it but i have long hair and i cannot roll it around the brush to get a curl , i can only do a wave .
i received the cellulite cream the other day and have used it twice now . i can definitely see a difference on the back of my thighs .
got for my sister for xmas , she likes it so far ! she was surprised with how fast it arrived ! good for her 73 year old skin !
to me personally i think that these rhinestones are a bit too small . it's nice but i don't like it as much . the price is great though .
very nice for cleansing and moisturizing on a daily basis . i love almost all of their products . this one i will purchase again .
the product does not live up to the manufacturer's hype . don't waste the money . accept aging gracefully or get a lift .
i gave it 4 stars for the colors but they are tiny for $ 12 i felt it could've been more . they are like half an inch size .
love this whole product line makes the skin feel so good and healthy . have been using this product line for about 6 months and very pleased
excellent product recommended by my doctor . i have been using for a long time . mostly on my face but can be used anywhere on your skin .
its perfect to put concealer with it , i think i have pretty eye when i use it than using my hand
they are really good quality nail files ! i'm gonna have these for a long long time !
these replacement heads fit the professional skin care system which i enjoy immensely . my face feels clean and smooth . awesome !
easily falls off . will not recommend to anyone . i will not be buying again . waste of my money and can not use .
i love love how this product smells and would buy again and the price is very low so that makes it a good buy
trying to do my own shellac mani ... find it's easier to put a cotton ball w / tin foil over it to remove the polish
my seven year old and i use this on her bangs . awesome for small jobs , but definitely not the whole head .
this brand is the only one i really like . it doesn't chip easily and one coat will more than suffice.the colors are cute too ; kind of shimmery .
soften and tighten the skin . i stopped using it for a month and notice the difference of my skin texture .
tried this base coat for a few weeks and none of my nail polishes have chipped ! definitely will buy more of this soon !
glad i found this . good product that extends the life of your favorite nail polishes . opi is the best !
this cream has been a staple in my household since childhood . excellent for dry skin especially during cold winter months . i buy in bulk to save money .
i use this product every other day . it works great with burt's bees scrub as well as facial cleanser . good stuff .
i love making my own masks but they are time consuming and i store the leftovers in the fridge but they do go bad fast since theyre fresh .
i'm 30 going on 31 . i already feel a strong difference in the lines around my eyes . i can tell that i look younger .
i absolutely 100 % satisfied with this product ! my curly hair shine and look much healthier.now i am going to buy it for my mom and mother-in-low :)
i've always used q-tips to touch up my nails , but these make life so much easier . i've bought them twice and will continue to restock .
it smells good but i don't like the fact that it has parabens and the " burning " sensation on my scalp is a little much .
i love this tanning lotion . goes on smooth . very thick and very moisturizing . good color . better than others i have tried .
clean my skin well . not too soft . works well with my aria clarisonic face cleaner . i like this product very much .
i love using this brush for blending eyesahdows .. it's super soft & the quality is very good ( no shedding )
this is my favorite sunscreen . it has a great matte finish . it absorbs quickly with no excess shine . works well under makeup .
the brushes are made with very good materials . i use them all the time , and my makeup comes out flawless .
it dosen't get super hot but i guess it gets the job done and i asked for it in zebra print but it came in leapord .
doesnt work ... images are visible when you apply it ... this sucks and im sad bc i was excited about it too !
we use for 2 years we loved product accept price :( but , my husband don't have eny more problem with dandruff i will buy more
very white and shiny . stays put even after sweating and swimming and looks great . i am very impressed and will be buying more colors !
i love these little bows , the stud in the middle give them extra sparkle . so cute for cell phones cases .
beautiful nail stickers that are easy to use . just peel and stick - no water required . they last for a long time .
this nail polish remover is the best ! it works very well . it's a big bottle , of course so the good news is it'll last .
this smells great . however i don't see any change in cellulite ... does not work ... waste of money .. just buy cellulite cream and skip this
look the nail forms , can't beat the price for 500 nail forms , came in 3 days and i'm very happy with the product .
the smell of this is great its just like the butter lotion version . i would recommend it to anybody who loves to smell good .
easy to fill , easy to squeeze , easy to label , and easy to organize . they are exactly what i need for traveling .
i recently purchased this as a christmas gift to myself ( along with about 6 other colors ! ) and am looking forward to using it this spring / summer
good brushes , good price . we don't use them every day but they have lasted a long time . they are also gentle on the skin .
great brush ; i always return to this one after trying some other trendy new brush . small and easy to work , old standby with optimum results .
i have it a four because it came messed up and a lot of them were broken but it is perfect for the small nails
the whole olay line are great but this one are really special . i dont need a foundation when i am using this product . my skin just love !
i love this product it works for me . make my hair grow in thick and strong . i use it everyday . it really soothes the scalp .
my favorite blending brush in my collection ! i believe it's probably a good dupe for the mac 217 . thanks sigma !
i have tons of makeup ... and haven't been able to find a case big enough to hold it all ... until now ... everything all together and organized ...
i love mary kay products ! ! they make my skin feel so good and look good . i use this product everyday .
i love aveeno . had to return because it leaked all over in the shipment box but 5 stars for aveeno !
its really great and this particular color honey looks so natural i wear it almost everyday . i have others as well and honey is my fave .
brand new nail polish dries fast anyway , but this product speeds it up even more . yay ! makes it so much easier to do summer nails .
penny wise and pound foolish for buying this product . the heads are coming off and the paint in nail polish remover .
these are great tips ! i will order again as soon as i run out which will not be anytime soon ! !
this back scrubber comes in handy . it would be nice if it was just a little wider but overall works very well .
i love this shea butter and will continue to purchase . great price for the quality ! ! thank you , cherry tree lane soap company
my son loves this skin care line . it really works and it is easy to use . he finds it to be very effective .
gelish black shadow is a dark black color great for a reverse french manicure . love the rich color and the application .
everyone should have one . my significant other fell in love with mine and so i had to get him one of his own . :d
shany has great colored tools ! i am obsessed with nail art and this acrylic nail brush set has everything you need !
took a little long to get here . but they work grate and they are really cute and i didn't pay more then $ 2 for them ...
i absolutely love this product ! it's amazing , completely does everything it says and more.definitely worth the money found my life time eye shadow primer
love the smell , my absolute favorite parfum , head turner , very alluring . strangers will walk up to you and tell you how good you smell
i run this thru the curls in my weave and its glides thru easily without causing any shedding in the weave . it definitely is a good buy.would recommend it
i guess the blades are always cutting my boyfriend ... but it did arrive very fast and there was nothing else wrong other than it's not the best quality
item was a little smaller than expected . the end helps with the application on the corners of the lashes tho .
doesn't work very well too ruff . i don't like this product at all i would never order it again.thank you
makes your hair dark orange , had to purchase a toner and doesn't really lighten it , it just adds coppery tones ...
this was just a little too strong for my skin type and just left my skin " red " . i won't be purchasing again .
i absolutely love this product ! it doesn't clump , and washes off easily . i'll be buying this product from now on !
i love these bows they are perfect ! ! great size for acrylic nails and all my clients love them ! ! they are pretty colors also
this polish has a great sparkle to it and it's very pretty out in the sunshine . the color is not so outrageous yet a good unique color .
pretty , feminine color that's easy to use and works well with at home uv gel lamp . last long time with top coat
this is good as we have one is our trailer and so we are able to take the ones from there and place in this for winter storage .
as others have mentioned . hot is barely warm . does not dry well . returning for refund . very disappointed in this dryer .
i use this brush to apply + blend creme blush , and it is perfect for that purpose . deposits just the right amount of blush . love it !
great for all day use , carrying in your purse or your car and is a great moisturizing gloss towear over other lipsticks .
nice to find organics in this size . seems to be a decent product and i like to keep it in my guest bathroom .
this is my favorite top coat for sealing layers , especially for stamping as it dries quickly and totally in minutes !
i had my makeup done for a very special picture andthe makeup artist chose this kit to put on me .
i like this powder the quality is great for the price ; i wish i can find them in stores but are only available online .
worst top coat around . my manicure was gone in 8 hours . even my manicurist friend hates it . no recommendation here
this brush is just the right size and firmness for me . the price is very reasonable . i am happy with this product .
i really love the rose water . i use it in my facial masks and on cotton balls for my tired eyes . great product !
this eyelash curler works well . the pink is a fun color . does not pinch or pull like some will . nice little product .
it smells very fake .. for the price i just trow it away , gave me headache not true to jasmine , i do not recommend it
i dont have these brushes but i brought them for a gift for my bff and she loves them ! ! we love shany cosmetics ! !
so great to use such a small amount & feel as if it's working ! great price / excellent product , but i'm not expecting miracles @ 60 + ...
i saw this on youtube & thought i give it a try , im pleased with the results , and it will last a year
this tool works pretty well and is cheaply priced . however the metal can bend at the end , it isn't strong in the least .
works well with the drill i purchased . tight fit and doesn't come out . i will definitely purchase another kit for extras .
i get these all the time , if you haven't tried them before then you don't know what your missing .
i had a terrible skin ailment that only seem to get better with this soap . ended up using the whole bar but have not had a problem since .
i can't think of using anything else when i want to smile and wake-up in the morning.its a great pick-me-up smell . clean and fresh
this perfume should be clear . mine arrived yellow . not sure if it's old , but there is something wrong with it .
i'm using this product for almost an year and my hair looks amazing . i'm a natural blond and now my hair is even blonder and shinner .
this primer works great . i can definetely tell the difference in my makeup when i use this primer . everything just goes on smoother and looks better .
love this soap . does it a good job cleaning . however , it runs out pretty fast . or maybe that is because i use it often !
this is a great nail plish with a variety of colors . it lasts a long time . i truly recomend this
i do not use the case because it's hard to fit in my case , but overall , i love the brushes .
best volumizing shampoo ever ! ! ! my hair looks fab every time i use it and i don't have to wash it for 3 days easily .
i love this product it seems to work well with my hair . the bottle is great and plus with the pump you can't over do it .
it's shampooit is a gentle , nonfoamy , mild shampooto me it is indistinguishable from john frieda productsit's the conditioner that is really important
i have no complaints . these good pins for the price . the do smell when you open it but it goes away .
i use these when i come from the gym ; and they make my face feel so clean w / o over drying
this is a wonderful brush which appears to be gentle ! ! ! love using it to massage my scalp in a circular motion also . thanks much . :-)
great price and the gloves fit my hand but the lotion one puts on one's hands pretty much gets shoved off by putting on the gloves for the night .
look this make-up it's light and it's feels like you have nothing on ... it's wonderful you'll love it and won't be sorry you bought
i think this product is great , not just for keeping in place rollers , but also for olding your hair in place when washing your hair .
no difference . continued use made lines softer but still visible . did not expect miracle . ce la vie . what more can i say .
the person that used this will see a difference and if you stop using it you feel the eye area very dry . it does help .
this stuff will leave you orangey . i would not bother with this stuff . i found jergens products better results then this stuff .
it smell ok strong smell i dont like it to me it smell like a older woman wood wear i guess just not fot me at all
good mascara ... happy with this purchase i would buy this again . i shop on amazon for everything and think they are great !
these rhinestone are in tiny little cases , but they are tiny little rhinestones - great for natural nails . they accent , but don't overtake your nail .
my bad i didn't pay attention when i ordered these . the don't have the bridge to so they can't be used as tips . they cover the whole nail
this thing is awesome ... i thought it was just like any other sponge but it is really good it blends your makeup in really well ..
i truly enjoyed using this product , it isn't greasy and smells amazing ! i will continue to use as it is light and works great !
like my stamping nail plate like the designs and how it looks when you apply on the nails . thank you
seems a lot more flimsy than i'd have liked but it does what it says . i guess you get what you pay for
came weeks early , perfect cut , cheap price and with a great price ! highly recommend for at home or salon use .
good for the money , does the job of holding my hair back off my face and in the back underneath a ponytail or bun .
love this product and the bottle is gorgeous . it smells divine and lasts all year . it also looks great in bathroom .
this product was nearly as hard as the brown filler , and it tended to clump in the hairs and looked messy
it did nothing for me except dry out my skin and give me more skin issues . never buy this product
it makes my wrinkles less noticeable and i seem to be gaining tightness in my throat . will let you know more after i have used it longer .
it dries my brushes without contracting dust . travel friendly and i use them for all my brushes . who ever created this is awsome !
great color ! it's very pigmented so a little goes a long way . can't go wrong w / nyx . all of their single eye shadows work great .
hands down , the best skin enhancer out there ! ! it makes my under eye darker marks are undetectable ! it's really a wonderful product !
i bought this for my great aunt and she raves about it . awesome product .
this product smells really bad ! i could not use it more than 5 nights so could not see its effect !
this blush is really great . this blush really makes you look sunkissed . all the colors are beautiful . great price too .
great facial sponge ! the only thing is if you have a sensitive face i would go with the sensitive buf puf
if you like a darker red gloss this is for you and it smells good too . i really like it with dark cloths .
for the price , this is wonderful ! it works so well , and it cuts time off of trying to do it by hand .
if you like cotton candy you will love the way this smells :) i love it ! ! !
very hard to match to your skin tone on line . it covers alright , but not completely . looks like you are covering up something .
i love all fimo kanes , i actually have these flowers on my toes rite nw . dey really kum n handy .
if you want volume use this and for an added bonus it doesn't dry out your hairin the process .
i ordered fairy dust and received snowglobe ... this is such a shame ! i really wanted fairy dust . but snowglobe is okay too .
i'm so pleased with my purchase . it's designed with a flat tip for easy application and the color matches my features perfectly . i'm a happy girl .
i like the lashes . however , the line is too thick . lashes are long , you will have to trim the lashes a bit .
this color almost looks neon when on my nails ! i love this beautiful color . i'm very happy with it . it goes on thick and dries quickly .
so cheap and good quality thank you . i was waiting about a 3 wks but its cheap so i wouldn't complain . i would purchase again .
works well with my curly hair after shower . dries quickly . washes and dries very nicely . not faded and kept shape .
i love the comb of this mascara ! it seems like ti coats so much better ! i really love it and will now use it forever !
i've been using this serum for years ... it is fragrance free which is what i need due to sensitivities . works great !
this does not blow enough hot air . could not use and had to send back . dealer was very helpful but i just didn't like the product .
i love this stuff really works and is affordable ! i would also recommend the beach spray from the same brand
this product has very soft brush and works on two speeds . it makes your skin feel very clean . i would recommend this product to everyone .
very creamy and smooth . i melt it down and add it to my homemade deodorant recipe . highly recommend this for lotions and other homemade goodies .
long lasting . won't chip . easy to use with at home system . easy to apply . looks beautiful . little difficult to take off .
the disc holder works well if accompanied by the shany plates . as a starter kit it is well worth it .
i have found maybelline's gel eyeliner works much better . this one doesn't go on without flaking--and then it continues to flake all day .
just as bad as the strength one ... smells bad.not enough wordsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss so i am just going to do this
not to bad nice to have an assortment none have broken and it use them every day and they are pretty durable
this brush really very practical for tight spaces in the eyepeople who own eyes with small eyelid area like me it will help them this brush so much ...
i prefer this super size bottle cause it's easier to cover with less brushing.it ' s very fast drying ; 2min , and glossy finish.my favorite top coat .
i bought all these supply's for christmas gift's because my grand daughter is learning to do nails.the cost is great and they deliver fast . she loves them .
this is my go - to color this summer ! bright and happy and as opi never disappoints in the quality department .
it's very good and useful for cutting my own hair . it's shred your hair unlike scissors so it's the best if you like shaggy hair like me .
este foot bath yego bien y rapido , se lo di a una amiga y le gusto mucho a mi amiga lol
looking forward to using this product to do some art on my daughters nails . hope to use them real soon
i use this all around my eyes . it's very soothing and absorbs quickly . i will buy this again , and again .
this tool is best on large blemishes beneath the surface such as nodular or cystic acne . you have to use caution so the tool doesn't shift .
i love this kinda case ! i keep all the colors from getting mixed up ! perfect for doing my own nails .
at first the product worked great . then over time the water started turning cloudy and had a funny smell . would not repurchase and would definitely not recommend .
i love how its sulfate free so it really cleans my hair and make my hair so easy to brush and so soft
nice scent but it smells more manly to me . so i don't use it . it might have said somewhere and i just didn't notice ...
i don't know how i lived before without this scrub towel . it's such a wonderful experience every time i use it .
much smaller collection than it seemed on the site . was a little disappointed , but then i guess for the price what was i expecting .
this mirror looks really classy in our bathroom - much nicer than an " accordion-style " would probably look . provides a good amount of magnification for tweezing too !
this stuff makes my skin feel like a baby . just like it says . i want more now ! it's so soft !
chosen for its ease of use and attracted to the colorits beautiful color and bold brush wonderfuli would recommend him all the girls to work eye makeup
it is creamy . i do not like creamy blushersthe colour is ok . the tecsture of it is for younge girls . \
this mask makes your pores look and feel much smaller . it gives your face an overall more even looking appearance . great product :)
works as described . love the nice clean scent and pom yumminess ... it arrived as promised . would order again . + + + thank you !
don't think it works for me . i use it a few time and during and after my wash my scalp was itchy .
i've used this once to deep condition my hair and all i can say is so far , so good . 5 stars .
this soap has amazing scent . it does suds up and leave hands clean . but i love it because this soap truly non toxic .
i'm so pleased with this palette it looks exactly like the picture . the colors are very pigmented and beautiful i will definitely buy this again .
essie has so many great products . quality is always reliable . with so many colors to choose from you can change your color as often as you like .
she said it was the perfect shade , and wore well . i thought she looked good in it . would recommend . :-)
got this for my niece .. she likes it a lot . its especially great for teenage girls , the brand and all works great for them
purchased for my daughter flaky , itchy scalp . this shampoo calmed and cooled her itchy scalp . would purchase this shampoo again .
took a little getting used to holding the rounded shapes , but blends great , which is what it's not ended to do .
seems fine but definitely no radical and noticeable improvement . i am sure it helps but it is hard to tell .
i love the color and the texture . it has a nice shimmer to it but not to much . the smell is also nice .
it is same as picture shown . maybe it is more shinny when u see the color . it is really pretty colors ! ! and fast shipping ! !
absolutely amazing absolutely refreshing . it does have that minty refreshing to it you feel it right away . believe me you fall in love with this product right away
well , its really dark just not for me ( dark hair yellow / olive skin ) and it easy to chip , chips like crazy
sucky product ! it smells really awful and i wanted to return it but because it's an aerosol and considered hazardous r something
i liked the price but this mascara clumps from the start . it's hard to remove , but does a great job of staying on in the pool .
with the hair damp or dry it works great , makes the hair soooo soft , controls the volume and the frizz .
this is impressively good shampoo - and great price - compared to the nexxus equivalent . i strongly recommend this product !
i think this is a great quality product . makes my skin super smooth . i went through 2 large bottles and plan on getting another ! :)
nice intense color , creamy formula ... but not long lasting . at all . it even melts with primer.five more words required , done !
i thought these would be an easy way to do my nails but they only last a few days before they start splitting down the middle .
great product for smoothing wild hair without leaving it greasy or full of product .
this stuff smells great . i have been using this for about a week and love the way it makes my skin feel and look ! highly recommended !
my daughter loves it , and so do i . it helps to detangle her hair and makes her life easier , which in turn makes mine easier !
a beautiful perfume packaging , have not had access , acquire lasividade by the name , the color of the packaging and the product was recommend to everyone .
this brush is definitely worth the money ! its exactly what i needed , and it picks up the product perfectly and applies beautifully .
i go through a ton of these . nice to see a place where i can get more than 40 or 50 of them at a time .
these little jewels are fun to use , and they look great ! these are great for the price . try them yourself .
this works wonders ! reduces the pimple size and redness greatly by the next day . it dries your skin out so have moisturizer ready ! will buy again !
great stuff strong smelling and it dissovles into a green liquid in the jar after a couple of weeks so use it quickly . it doesnt keep well
finally an affordable brush set with all the brushes that i want / need . the pouch keeps these separate from my other brushes . love !
this set of combs was as expected . the variety of colors is nice to have and they seem to be of moderate quality .
these nails feel a little bit flimsy , but they look great . the pink is a very pretty color . perfect for tips or full acrylics .
the nail tape takes some getting used to , buy if you go on youtube they have some really good tutorials that will help
it helped with the puffiness . calmed the wrinkles / crows feet a little . nothing is a miracle though . but it did help .
okay brush works great , but the size is a little small , i like it .
you spray this to the glue that you want to taken out.it give off a fruity smell fresh feeling sense . i like it.it work very good.love this stuff .
would have been better if i got sent 2 fang's rather then just one :/ cant really be a vampire if i only get one tooth ...
perfect fit nice , great and easy to file acrylic and uv gels and easily applied i reccomended it to anyone .
i love the way this smells . this is my favorite scent from suave , i prefer it over the mandarin one
i like the quality of the product . the ones with lots of fine detail are a little hard but other than that very satisfy .
this is a wonderful moisturizing cleanser . does not strip the skin but removes makeupthoroughly . leaves no film and skin feels clean and soft .
i really like these masks , i use all sorts daily . i really like these though left me all soft and beautiful .
it's a cute set , including many useful skin care products.it is very useful in winter . i will buy it again after i used it .
this color is the perfect pink ! it is elegant , but still fun . two coats and it's so so so pretty .
got for a male friend - he says he is seeing a bit of difference in the thickness of his hair . he like the product
it is a perfume normal , typical for a modest gift without much fanfare . any woman would like , but not the favorite ever .
this is a very pretty shade of pink it gives just the right amount of color to look like your natural color of lips .
this lotion is really moisturizing but it has this kind of weird smell to it that goes away after awhile but it did the job so i don't really mind
terrible product . i am a caucasian woman of german and italian decent . i bought the medium.no coverage at all . i reccommend this product have many individual shades
use it in the morning after cleaning my face . i use strictly roc products and love the results . highly recommend them .
this is an excellent eye cream . the burt's bees ageless line of products are all excellent.the cream feels very soothing , refreshing and smells great .
i love the discs but one was cut slightly off center so part of a design from another disc is on it's edge .
bought this to see how the results would be a but was disappointed in the results . too greasy with little if any resutls . won't buy again .
is the last thing i do when i finish to dry my hair , is the last touch ! it work wonders ! !
i really did not know if my grqnddaughter would like this or not . i will see her in a couple weeks . i will ask her about it .
this is my go to topcoat . go on smoothly , dries to a beautiful glossy finish . dries in seconds . this will even make ok polishes pop .
this is a great brush for applying eye shadow to eyebrows or powdering eyeliner . i use it every day . great .
great item ! love it.straightens my hair quickly and effectively and doesn't damages hair . absolutely satisfied ! ! ! thank you remington and amazon.com .
this brush is super soft on the skin . picks up and applies product well , glides make up gently on the skin .
i try last year over my friend home and since than i always buy it because it makes my skin nice .
works so so , every image i tried to transfer barely worked . it does work though just not as dark as i had expected
i really like this shampoo , i just wish they sold it in a larger size , so i would not have to buy it so often .
got and they are very pretty thanks for sending them to me very much appricated ... thanks againlike the detail in the clip barrette ...
do some research before you buy this product . i'm not sure if it is truly raw . it says mango butter cream on the package .
i was using this wig for my supergirl and harley quinn cosplay and this was perfect . just like the picture
i have tried alot of different products but this one its the only one that has worked . a little priced but i guess its worth it .
wow great great stuff . i will order several more bottles at this price.this stuff is hot hot hot.love it . i received my lotion quick .
goes on like a dream , really light coverage , has to be built up to show . decent value for the price .
i give this rating because the item is exactly what i wanted . i would recommend to all my friends and family .
used this to glue my nail on this works great very impressed long lasting will buy again it truly does bond .
these brushes are very pretty and light weight . i recommend these to anyone starting out experimenting in the makeup world
without the toxins ! all natural ! better than most i've tried on store shelves too . i have naturally dry hair and this shampoo is great .
i love this hair extension , they look so fun and easy to wear , and you have a lot of styles and colors to choose from .
i really like this one as it works fast and removes everything . opi makes good products and i'll reorder when i need more !
this is the straight version of the angled toenail clipper and i found after some work with the both clippers that this is a good combination.works well .
great product . i use gelish products and always apply this after i do my nails . great for adding moisture to dehydrated nails or cuticles .
you get a lot , but they are a pain in the ass to deal with . get something better if you can .
the item is very expensive for what you get , this was a disappointment as i had heard so much about this line .
this is a shoddy piece of plastic that breaks apart with the first time you drop it . don't buy it .
i bought this to use with glo minerals blush and it works perfectly ! it's very soft and spreads my blush very evenly .
makes my face feel more tight and firm . it leave it soft and supple . i have noticed a reduction of fine lines and wrinkles since using it .
i can tell a difference from this product vs other products . i can also tell a difference with the moisturizing aspect which is what i was looking for .
this has made a difference in the thickness of my eyelashes . i wasn't sure it would really work , but it does .
the colors in this nyx palette are really pretty . i am fair skinned but the colors are just right . i would definitely reccomend for the price .
need this for night sweats - i keep buying in since i don't know what else to use but it doesn't work as well as i hoped it would
these wipes are very nice to help clear acne and dry out existing acne , my son uses it and loves it !
i love the brushes they do not fall out and they contain more than what i need super good & nice
nice selection of colors , but all the shadows were so tiny i decided to return it for a different palette with fewer colors , but larger size shadows .
i love this mascara really really hard to remove tho i woukd recommend to buy a makeup remover ! but other than that its a great mascara
great delivery , i had all different sizes . only negative they did come a loose . easy fix . i put gorilla glue on them and there fine .
the nioxin system seems to work for my mom . she says , that she is not loosing as much hair and the hair seems stronger and thicker .
this is a lovely pink and is easy to build nail and handle . thanks ! i love it lots and i think my customers will too .
don't waste your money . even though it's really inexpensive it's not worth the $ 5 spent . the concealer doesn't conceal and the color correctors are ashy .
not greasy at all , totally clean feeling , and with just the right amount of moisture . i think this will be my new favorite face wipe .
design has been around for a long time . i like to use it every now and then , kind of brings back fond memories . very clean scent .
i always use this . i usually purchase from amazon because i receive it conveniently at my door and quickly . is a great product as a primer .
i absolutely love this color ! it is much prettier than in the pictures . it was a good price and shipped fast . :) )
i bought 8 bulbs for my uv lamp for gel nail curing and not a single bulb was working . would never buy from this seller again !
very nice hair pin for the price , kinda heavy but beautiful glow and color , perfect for people with lots of hair
doesn't flake but can smear later in the day . really does a great job extending lashes for a false lash look !
one of the best perfumes i've gotten on amazon ! very sweet candy type perfume but still wearable for ladies not in their twenties . a really great price .
i have a huge problem with cracking cuticles so i take cuticle oil seriously . i love the smell of this and it feels great on !
a great buy it smell real good and the bottle is big so it wood last you for a while
this is a great summer color . hot pink is one of my favorite summer colors & this one doesn't disappoint .
self-adjusting providing an even realistic tan . very faint fake tanner smell , if any . black-green colored thick lotion helps with application .
great value for the money and have all my favorites in one boxespecially love the eye correction cream and the way it is dispensed
it was a good purchase , but to be honesty i bought it because of the shape , i have had better chapsticks before
i was trying to find something different and found ambi . it is great . i love the smell and it makes my skin look great .
the only product i really liked was the no poo cleanser . the other stuff doesn't get used very much . probably won't purchase anything from this line again .
gift for her nails to experiment and she loves them sh copiise nails that are done on pinterest and can with these
this cream is okay . i cannot say that i seen any changes in my skin . the price of this cream is excellent .
it works fine . just fine . i won't buy it again because i don't think it is colossal ... i prefer " the falsies " one .
the colors are great but this is very hard to use but im going to keep at it i have enough to last a long time
i didn't find that this made my hair shiny or better in any way . i now use argon oil only and it works .
this product arrived immediately and as described . this bottle lasts a very long time , and it comes with a convenient pump which saves time and aggravation :)
you truly only need . tiny but , goes on smooth , not drying . you can make it sheer or dramatic as you like
i used it as per the instructions and left it on an additional 5 minutes . i still had gray hair after my hair dryed.total waste of time .
well worth it it's great for my skin care routine . this helps give my skin moisture and keeps it locked in .
this is my favorite toner . its light and refreshing , has a slight rose smell . my bottle lasted about a year and i can't wait to repurchase !
great idea for some great foot therapy ! i try to use them every night . great product for keeping your feet in great shape .
this black is a must have for your stamping collection . comes out opaque and dark . i have tried other regular blacks but this really does the job !
a beautiful array of colors to choose from to enhance any nail art . the plastic tray is really convenient too . great product !
within 2 weeks of my purchase this item stopped working . contacted customer service and was sol since i had disposed of the box already
this nail trimmer cuts very nicely . has a very smooth motion and comfortable to hold . doesn't feel cheap . good purchase !
i love that there are three sizes for this hair tool . don't settle with a boring ponytail . perfect office hair
this stuff is great , clears acne , so does clearskin acne kit , clean and clear face wash , and queen helene face mask which also has sulfur
amazing strips . you can see all the yike the strips pull out . easy to use and does not irritate the skin .
i have no complaints . they are a good good size and they come in a plethora of colors . my favorite being clear .
this is a great product at a great price . the scent is lovely and the wax melts quickly . this is a purchase that you will not regret .
the product is wonderful but the container is way tooooooo small for the amount i paid i wil not be purchasing this specific item again
great exfoliating gloves , fit my thinner hands well . used to exfoliate pre-tan and also with soap in my daily shower . feels great , not too scratchy .
i really like the cheeky brand . almost all the stamps have stamped well . they clean up well and don't get scratched too much .
i use this for my eyebrows as a filler and it works beautifully . creamy smooth and last all day . great item .
not all products are for everyone and maybe this is't for me . i saw no significant change in my hair after using this product !
easy to use work good on nails it came on time , very good quality i love it , thanks for this awesome products
does what it's stupposed to . cleans easily with non-acetone remover . i've used this for over a year and i still think it's great
i do my own hair at home . black to platinum blonde and i will not use any other toner but wella . its the best .
would not use anything else for my beauty program and what a great price for this high quality item recommend to all
i love this makeup . it would cover so good without feeling heavy and thick . you could put it on as little or a lot .
although the main ingredient is water , must be the caffeine be doing the trick in this product whatever works . that's what i say
i won't buy this again ... i like the regenerist sculpter cream better ... now that really works well ... i saw results in a matter of days
i like this product because it quickly gives my hair body ; however , it also dulls the shine . i don't think i will buy it again .
very solid mirror and arm unit . exactly as described ... hanging screws and extra bulb were included ! minimal fuss to install and works great ! 5 stars !
this kit worked well for me . no complaints ! i dont have a great deal of experience with stamping and nail art but this was easy to use .
this is a nice little cap , it fits well , and covers my hair ( i have thick hair ) even with curlers in . thanks !
i got this at a beauty store . smells like apricots . great lather . i do not see any difference than fromany other shampoo other than hair seems smoother
this is an excellent night cream . the burt's bees ageless line of products are all excellent.the cream feels very soothing , refreshing and smells great .
came super fast and i love the idea of volumizing powder compared to hairspray . i love it and use it almost everyday .
i don't know if this stuff really works or not . honestly , i couldn't tell any difference especially alone , not using any other bleaching products
this l'oreal shampoo makes my hair go flat , so i don't like it at all . ending up using what was left to wash the dog .
this comb is great to de-tangle hair and combing out big curl's . the tortoise shell look is really nice if i need to will purchase again .
this is the best product i have ever purchased here , is exactly what they offered me . are happy with this .
when i recived hot mama .. i really was shocked coz i found the broduct powder scattered inside it's container .. i was disappointed :
i like this retinal cream a lot . it was recommended by my dermatologist and it works . unscented , too . creamy yet light consistency .
hated the smell . did not smell anything like perfume . not the shalimar i have purchased in department stores and used in the past .
these are so comfortable on my wrist and great for my hair . they never get tangled or leave a crease , even overnight . love them !
i love this stuff ... this stugg works so good for my skin ... i would recommend to any one with bad skin
too watery ... i have to use too much and i still feel like it's not cleaning my face . what happened ? disappointed .
requires 3-4 coats , but really gives a beautiful finish . pretty blue jelly base . formula self-levels nicely and no fishing for glitter .
this is the best . i love the way it makes your skin feel and look . i love all the no7 creams and make-up .
looks like a real cookie , perfe ct size , great delivery right on time . holds alot of change . will be ordering more for x - mas
it's inexpensive i rotate them . i find it weighs my fine hair down a little i'm really careful to wash it all off and not use as much
i see trying another shea butter was not the option , because i am coming back to repurschase this shea butter again .
i've tried this cleanser before . definitely my favourite . used many products and this one seems to be the best . i would recommend this cleanser to everyone .
it cleans your face , but doesn't pull out hard to reach black heads . not impressed , but its ok.can ' t honestly recommend .
much smaller than on the picture . however good for mixing clay mask , oils , etc . i will recommend it to others
this is a very mild soap that contains sulphur and is so good for the skin cleansing deodorizing and disinfecting without any harshness to sensitive skin
have used this on and off for the past seven years ... really like it ! great cleanser for oily to combination skin .
i bought these because i have so much trouble with my plantar fasciitis . they are comfortable and they are very stylish too .
i got this for my daughter's growing make up collection that was cluttering her bathroom . she loves it and so do i !
delicious ! this perfume is so lovely , with a gentle scent that is not overpowering , yetgets your attention . would purchase again
love the colors of the stones looks great in a bun sparkly and pretty teeth are a little long would recommend for long hair
i have never tried anything like this before , now i have to have it every time i do my nails
makes doing art on my nails much easier . the only problem is the white paint on the brushes will wipe of with some nail polish removers .
this is one of the best creames out there which help keep my feet softer which i use at night
i dont understand why they have it listed as a " powder " its a gel that spills everywhere , will not buy again
thick , natural color , comfortable . i never used a wig cap before . but i guess this one is good enough to try
it dried at fairly fast . was very thick and didn't really go on evenly . i wouldn't waste money on this . get a better brand like opi .
my face got much worse ! redder and break outs . i am really disappointed as i purchased this because of all the good reviews
love how this makes my hair feel healthier and soft without the extra weight ... i feel it improves the hair shaft
these are the best brushes for my coarse , frizzy and curly hair . can use anything else , so i had to order it online .
really good brush i've used it for applying foundation and concealer and it does a great job . i've washed it 3 or 4 times now and no fallout
i like this product a whole lot ! it works.it covers well and seems almost invisible ! yes , i will buy it again !
i'm almost finished w / my first bottle . it works as described . there's a noticeable difference in my skin tone . thank you .
good price , good blenders . enough sponges that i could give two to my niece and she uses them every day too .
i've tried expensive waterproof mascaras but most rub off .. but not this one ! it comes off with boscia's make up break up cleanser in a flash !
it's okay coverage wise , but i mainly use this when cleaning up my eyebrows . to creamy for under eyes in my opinion .
i was thinking they were a bit bigger in weith and more bigger circles yet lots of colors . many ideas . received fast than told . thanks
i put it on at night and in the morning it is as if i never had those wrinkles or fine lines ever !
easy to use and stays on for several days ! i loce the colors and its so easy tp use ican make a million designs !
color is vibrant and even though its a matte lipstick it glides on easily . kinda long lasting also , great buy
this shampoo smells so good . makes your hair feel so silky . i highly recommend this product because it leaves your hair looking and feeling great ...
these are great for face washing like in a spa , just wet them and then wipe off product , rinse and repeat !
you will love this creamy shave gel for your body . it's so silky and smooth and it lathers up really nice too .
the box was a little messed up but everything was in the box . used as directed and hair came out just as it should .
it is thick , and well made . i love it . i am going to order more in different colors . i am so glad i bought it .
i received this product promptly however have not had a chance to use it . i will repost with an update soon .
this is a great idea i just found them to be more trouble then anything else plus they dug into my fingers and hurt .
loves this stuff . he loves it so much he rarely shares it with me . lol . a very good product . yay ! !
i have been using this for years , and it's awesome ! cruelty-free , effective , cheaper than bare minerals , and non-comodegenic ! what's not to love ?
i'd pick this little cheap one anyday over expensive brands . it is the only brand that doesn't fade too fast ! love it :)
i love this ! hot tools has the best curling irons ! i only need 2 more to have the complete collection :)
the colors are so dull and perhaps the gems are too tiny .. some of the colors were mixed with others .
since opi discontinued the color i really like i was pleased to find this product - just the right color and at a great price
is like a normal cream i dont feel any difference , smells good andfeel ok in my skin , come on time
if you know how to do gel nails , you need this set ! great colors and lasts for days ! and sooooo much glitter !
hard to put together and not very stable . i would not buy again . it took over two weeks to get it .
love the look of these when all is done . they are a little tricky to get the hang of but the result is pretty cool .
did not notice that this is any better moisturizer than those that cost much less . i use obagi products so i will stay with my regular routine .
i love this product so much . i use it on special occasions or parties and it makes my eyes look bigger .
this clipper is very sharp and well made . i also own the toe nail clipper and it works great too . definitely worth the price .
well made , soft , smooth , great to use with hot air dryer & brushes or curling iron . great product ! love it ! thanks !
i like the highlighter for the price that your paying . it gives a nice gold glow but it is chalky .
smells good , no way to know how tan i would be if i didn't use it but i'm sure it does something !
it is a real good serum , you can feel the difference . light and smooth . and it goes on and on .. this product lasts quite a while
they say this is the best moisturizer , and i believe it . a little bit goes a long way , and it absorbs quickly .
i wanted a neutral color and this is it . opi is a great product . i have opi in other colors and like them as well .
this stuff works great . super simple and effective . best collagen elastin cream out there . oh and it's readonlibly priced too . i highly recommend it !
i bought this for my wife and she loves it . it looks great and as far as she said it is good quality product . recommend
i love these roll on bottles for making my own blends with essential oils . the are pretty and have great rollwers in them too .
i don't see anything spectacular about this item . it does what it ought to do . it has no magical priming capabilities in my opinion .
these were so cute it was hard to resist they will work great with my other nail art supplies.great job amazon .
i like this highlighter . i use it under my eyebrows , on the inside corner of my eye and the top of my cheekbone .
great for cream and liquid foundation . watched the video to make sure i used it correctly . feelsgood on myface . i havevery sensitiveskin .
it smells like white shoulders , an old ladies perfume . not to impressed and i will not buy a again especially for the price .
this polish is the color of coral . it's very versatile depending on if you use other colors on different nails . good polish . was not goopy .
started using it right away . takes a few times to use on one pimple to get rid of it but works
this is a very powerful dryer for it's size and heats up quickly . it is also very sleek and attractive .
these are very good quality , nice construction , sharp edge havent used clipper yet though . good value for what i needed
i have a collection of purple lipsticks but this one is the queen of all colors , perfect for day and night :)
i used a mac 187 and this is nothing less than a 4 times more expensive mac . very happy with it , i would def recommend it !
this is a great buy . so many gems so many ideas for my nails . a really great price too . and arrived way before the due date .
i bought the konad nail stamper kit b with these as a n addition , the designs are great for funky french designs , practice makes perfect though .
best thing i bought well worth the money ! i would recommend this any one that loves to decorate with anything !
this scent smells greatit lasts all day longi tend to perspire frequently .. with this cologne i still smell fresh
i've been using avon moisture therapy since our neighbor sold it door-to-door :) it's just as good now as it was back then ! must have for winter .
these are cute and ok , definitely false looking and huge , so i guess it depends on what look you are going for
best coverage i've had for a concealer , so it's a definite staple in my makeup bag . i'm really happy with the product .
it was a waste of money was better off going to walmart and purchasing s better lotion wouldnt buy again .. wonder if and glycolic body lotions are worth it
i love these wheels and they are 10 not 1 wheel which you can use to display all your nail colors
very good . i have used this for quite some time and will not change . i have gone back and tried others but always return .
the designs are really sweet - fun colors and sparkles . the downside is that when you apply topcoat it can smear those colors .
been wanting this scent for quite some time and finally found a good price here . i love seeing the bottle in my bathroom . so cute !
very hydrating for face . i use this every night with my facial cleansing routine.absorbs well and keeps skin soft and smooth
this lotion has a light , pleasant scent . it leaves my skin feeling so soft the next morning - not oily at all - just soft and supple .
i've really enjoyed this shampoo and conditioner so far . worth the price ! these are also quite big jugs of shampoo and conditioner .
love love love ... forever .. it's the only brush that gives you natural look even if you apply too much foundation .
i love it ! it does nice things for my skin . the mask leaves my face moisturized and cleaned . i would highly recommend .
this stuff is always great . it has a smell my husband doesn't care for , but it doesn't bother me at all .
when it arrived , the brush was too thick and was dented . i cannot use it to create a sculpted eyebrow . the spooly although , was alright .
this product leaves my hair extremely stiff and horribly dry . it has no shine , and feels terrible to the touch .
love this mascara . it makes your lashes longer and thicker and it lasts all day . i would recommend this to a friend .
seems smooth and creamy . but it seems to be giving me more blackheads than i had before i started using it ...
i am very picky about lip glosses , as most dry my lips . this one is pretty good and a nice color . i would reorder .
def scrubs away surface impurities and evens out the skin tone . my husband says it works for his body acne .
great quality , i use em like crazy ... perfect for a girl that is a makeup junkie :) really cute case as well
good stuff , very soft , goes on smooth and leaves your skin feeling moist , over time it will correct discoloration in your skin
helps with damaged skin large or open pores it helps give ur face a great base for ur makeup so it lays evenly
this is my 2nd time to purchase this item . i believe it has helped improve the darkness under my eyes ... for sure it is better than before use
works very very very well and came in good time and very well package.so it should not break in transit .
my favourite tan goes on well no streaking buy it every summer instant dark tan for any color of skin
they work great and what an amazing price for so many plates . edges may be a little sharp but can't beat the price
i need something that really covers the grey . this product doesn't cover well enough for me , not crazy about the color for medium to darker browns .
i already had a flat iron but i bought this one as i thought it might do a better job . it doesn't , though .
this is perfect . such high quality for such a low price , it makes my lips feel plumper and fuller and they look it , too !
using the buffing sanding blocks make for an easy finish ... they even number easy section so , you know where to start and finish . thank you !
okay product . smells a little strange . as a body lotion its very light but tends to irritate as i have sensitive skin .
i can't actually set my mind to this it is greasy the cocnut smell is overpowering but it does soothing the hair and kinda of light wieghted product
this piece piece is great . you absolutely need it for a great and healthy skin . j k k k k
my dad wore this cologne years ago and i like it on him . just got him some more for christmas . a manly , great scent .
not for me to se i put on it dinot stay on i use clear coat i guess need use glue
i love this conditioner its amazing and it helps your hair alot and the price is great i would recomend this conditioner .
very pretty . just as described . strong storage case , i haven't had a chance to use them yet but i am so excited to try them out
this has all the right ingredients for a face serum , very active formula , good quality , sinks in well !
my girlfriend turned me on to this and i love it ! ! more active ingredients than skinceuticals ce ferulic and a fraction of the cost !
i bought it for my 13 year old son . my husband would use it on him and it would take out all those ugly blackheads individually .
i give this three stars because i can't tell a lot of difference and it is very sticky ! it also has a very medicated smell .
just a simple bottle that works . it comes with a plastic slim extractor to retrieve you fragrance from he original bottle
i love this nice looking hair dryer . it's powerful , yet sized perfectly for home use . i highly recommend this product .
very cute . i have a small so i have to pin the sides but love it .
not quite as dense as i wanted the brush but regardless it still puts your eyeliner on great . good stuff
i use these all the time to tie up my hair.its an easy way to get a nice up do without too much hassle
smells great while taming frizz . this product also doesn't make your hair crunchy at all , so that's a plus too . a little goes a long way .
cant put my brushes down they are really good and for a good price , as soon as i need new ones ill be purchensing some more
arrived on time . smells really nice , very refreshing and invigorating smell . and it feels very fresh and clean after the shower .
this item is nice size to sit on my sink . i like the magnification side too . a great product . would buy again .
we have tried all the lotions , babygannics , cetaphil , welda , aquaphor . this one i found to work the best . its nice thick creme .
just too much for my hair . couldn't get hair to stay in this large donut . would recommend only for thick hair .
really really like this product . enzymes good for the skin , very fragrant with pineapple . non-drying , good quality and good price .
i really love this hair spray . it works great on my fine curly hair . it gives my hair shine & bounce . i use it every day .
excellent shower shaving mirror . works great and can be mountedin a convenient place . highly recommend it to anyone who shavesin the shower .
i really like how it smells and how you don't get chunks of gel caught in your hair . i'm sure you'll like it too . ( medium shine )
my daughter uses this on her colored natural african-american hair and it works very well . she just loves the scent .
love this serum ! i hate my forehead wrinkles - especially the ones between my eyebrows . after a month , they're barely visible !
i cant wait to try this wand out i just received it and the size is great . thanks so much
i cant say more than is great , beautiful colors , durable , all colors mach with cloth , shadows , is a great thing to have
i have recommended this hairspray because it has a perfect hold ; does not look stiff and yet brushes out easily .
this brush is high quality , almost bought mac brand but decided to give this one a chance ! i use it every day ! !
really happy with purchase ! ! what else can i say , was a great deal . love the smell and was not a knock off .
this buffer files , smooths , and buffs to a great finish . easy to use , light and economical . recommend it to others .
not a great product ! this bubbles and peels and is not a great base coat . there are much better base coats out there .
have used this product for years , works great to remove static and also add sheen with a pleasant non-invasive odor .
i love the smell and the texture of this body cream and i love the fact that this company does not test on animals .
it's okay , the application is good , but the color of the base is way off my face . looks like washed out .
love this for the shower - so my dreads don't become all wet , and conditioned-when i don't want them too .. ! fast service !
smells like a soft vanilla , not overly noticeable or overwhelming . absorbs quickly , isn't too heavy or thick . for the price its a great deal .
she used it for prom on all of her friends and they all got compliments on their eye makeup ! would recommend
don't waste your time or money dosent work for s * * * not good it's not strong and will make your eyelashes fall in one day
i love this ! it is the perfect size for using around the eyes and around the mouth . i would definitely recommend this .
it is gentle enough it wont cause irritation or pre peel but the scrublet is cleansing enough to remove dead skin .
they have every brush you will ever need and them some . work great and the color is beautiful . would buy again
hellook i absolutely loved these makeup set ! ! they were all perfectly organized into this shany boxall the colors are organized by shades on its own disk
i have been using this on my face for about a week now and love how it makes my skin feel silky and soft and it is non drying
i didn't receive the stamper that was pictured , but it is very similar and it gets the job done ! works perfect , five stars !
i used it a lot to removed blackhead and whitehead . recommend to buy this product , you will be pleased with the result .
this hair spray will keep you looking good even in the strongest of winds and humidity , it is a bit tacky so spray from a distance , , ,
my neice bought this product for herself and i tried a few and loved it ! very cute and can be used every day ! lovely
certainly not as good as rapid lash . i really saw no difference after month of use ... i will stick to rapid lash as i know that works
the scent of this shampoo is way too strong . i really like the phyto mousse but can't get myself to use this .
i was pretty skeptical about this product but it actually turned out to be great and also refreshing for my face !
i love the smell and feel of this hair mask . it's more like a heavy duty conditioner than a mask and it leaves my hair uber silky and soft
i think the good reviews must be from people who have never owned good makeup . i gave this to my niece to play dress up with .
very soft and you get your moneys worth for it . great scent and it is also awesome for my blonde hair .
i love the product . it did take a month to get to me but are the perfect sizes . i definitely recommend !
soft bristles easy to handle and does the job . hairs don't come off easy . i've actually washed this brushed twice and noticed no hair falling . decently priced
just love it . love the detangling and it really softens my dry , brittle hair and makes it look nice . love it .
next up in this great line of frags ... nuit l'homme . so far this and rive gauche are a must have in your arsenal !
from the other reviews i wasn't expecting this to have 2 sides . one for finishing and one for shaping but it did ! great price point too !
i love the length of this product and it will last a very long time . add more products as a package to give to your clients
chi silk infusion is great for flat-ironing hair . it smooths out the frizzes and gives hair a soft , almost silky feel .
it is always nice when a product delivers on what it claims it can do ! i definitely recommend this product .
this is a great smelling oil to use by itself or in combination with other oils . the price is great and i have no complaints about it !
got this to try and help with my headaches . didn't cure them , but it did feel cool and refreshing on my temples .
love love love and if you dont have get it love love love this i cant get over how much i love it
not only heals chapped lips , but also helps to prevent from chapping . the product is fragrance free with spf 15
great brush ! soft bristles , great for foundation . smooth application . i want a whole set of these . totally worth the money .
this toner keeps my skin feeling pretty good after i clean my face . my daughter uses it too and she is pleased with it .
like others have mentioned , you only need water to completely remove all but the most stubborn eye makeup .
6 colors was contained , also as for this , coloring was all good , and this palette of the color was good , although it was cheap .
these are a little smaller than i wanted , but they do work well for removing my fingernail polish . great price !
it was so light and i use it for stamping on my nails . i can't give it a double coat so it didn't do what i wanted .
sensual , with a little heat and sweetness to it but not at all cloying . go ahead and spend the money on this .
this matte lipstick goes on so smoothly and doesn't dry out my lips as much as other lipsticks . love it !
this is a nice glittery mix of pinks and different sized glitter chunks . i wore it over a light lavendar polish .
kids love having finger and toes done came on time , enjoy using them all the time , totally rocks , people tell they love my nails
i use this mascara everyday . it gives my lashes a full look and for the price you cant beat it !
used this in the winter timemade my hair feel soft but at the same time weak and dry . i will not buy this product again .
it comes in two a box , and is a legitimate product . it works find as it is titled an it is cheaper than retail , so i'm happy
love this colors ! such a beautiful eyeshadow palette and perfect for fall ! its limited so i say get well you can
i enjoy mine so much that i ordered this one as a gift . such an easy way to fix a plain pony tail.love this product .
love this color ! it's a nice shade of pink ... not too bold and not too blah , with just enough flash to make your nails look awesome !
i love the color and it has good staying power . also great that i have a whole pot of color that i like .
did not experience significant hair growth , but did get a healthier scalp , and beautiful silky smooth hair with less frizz .
easy to use , easy to get tangles out . smells nice , fast shipping . so far it does so so on my semi wavy hair .
i'm on my third box of this product and use it about once a month . i will continue to order it .
love the product line and this goes excellently with the fresh foaming cleanser . its a great brand no matter what age .
this color looks nothing like the shared reviewers photos . its like dark purple ... not even slightly nude or pinkish . sad . i'll never wear this shade .
i like it but this is a different one from the first i order . still happy with it just like the other better .
this soap smells really good and leaves the skin feeling good as well . it also lasts a long time and i love that .
got this for my wife for christmas and she was a littlle skeptical but has recieved so many compliments it may now be her favorite .
a tool i can't live without , now that i've had one and use it every day . it works for applying bb cream very well .
this works well and i went thru this in less than a week . i can't complain as my @ss is a little bit lighter now ... lol . :d
i absolutely love the smell of this lotion . it makes your skin very soft . i definitely recommend this product to everyone .
these barrettes are so beautiful ! so many compliments ! it feels comfortable too . i bought 4 different color's they hold up well . i definitely recommend !
with naturally wavy hair , i use a flat iron for straight locks . this helps protect hair from heat damage and leaves hair silky soft
the product worked as described , served it's purpose , long lasting , durable , great quality ! ! ! it was difficult to penetrate with hair pins .
suave professionals , conditioner , humectant moisture , 28ozmy favorite suave ! just as good as the name brand stuff only much cheaper !
they come in all the colors and am very happy i can chose all the colors in nail polish and these match it perfectly thanks again .
love all nyx products ! i have recently switched from e . l . f to nyx.this product is easy to apply and smear free !
the best combination of burt bees products , all of them work really good , i definitely will buy more of this to give to my friends
the only problem i had was tha the package was not sealed all the way and they were hard to find and to pick lol
this is a pleasant body wash with a nice subtle scent . it gets me clean .
smell was good , product was good , just need to change it up now and then when tanning . felt good and i was happy with the lotion .
best product out there to keep skintight , smooth and reduce fine lines . great price on amazon . regular retail is about 270 $ in most spas ...
i am afan of olay 7in 1 . it is perfect for my combination / dry skin . and it is non-greasy . and the spf is a plus .
exactly 190 micro-files safely remove calluses and dead skin fast . keeps my money in my pocket and out of the salon . smooth transaction , ty seller !
these are super helpful for nail art . not so much for painting delicate things , but for flowers and fill in areas .
awesome brush cleaner . i'm just happy that this even exist and no more picking hairs outta of the brush with your fingers .
nice oil that works wonderfully on cuticles or skin . i was so happy to find something that works so wonderfully .
while this shampoo smells very good , i really did not notice a difference in my hair . it seems to stay flat unless i used mousse .
seems to be pure and works for the intended purpose of adding spearmint and peppermint and using for oil pulling .
these brushes are not really wide enough to quickly apply acrylic ( for me , anyway ) . if you can apply quickly , they'll be fine .
i can't rave enough about this lotion it is very moisturizing it smells good but the scent is light if you have dry skin it is a must .
witch hazel is very soothing and i use it on my face in the morning and at night . nice fragrance
these brushes are the best especially illy the foundation brush , no shedding even makeup application , and great quality , will purchase more
item works great , smells great , its a cream so i will not know if it works until some time , but so far i love it
makes your hair strong and beautiful . in dry weather it was a blessing in disguise and it penetrates very quickly .
i use this product in my hair concoction and it has my hair feeling extremely soft . highly recommend this for skin are needs
i love opi nail polish and these are perfect for gift bags ! they are cute and my girlfriends loved them !
my friend recommended this oil for dry cuticles but it is very good for the nails too-makes them grow much stronger !
this is only $ 3 at stores - i realized this bulk buy was a rip off too late . my mistake .
product is excellent smells sweet and beautiful would recommend to others to purchase if you like a sweet smelling fragrance
the size in great , the product has been holding up , and the heat is great . not more i could ask for .
worked as expected . i dont have a lot of experience with nail art but had no difficulty using it the very first time .
substantial . does not bend and does its job well . be careful and follow procedure and it will work perfectly for you .
my girlfriend was actually overwlem with this but it did have the colors she wanted and just to try something different it was exciting for her .
started doing my own shellac nails at home . this brush is great for french manicures . easy to control and clean .
i have always loved my avon products and this is no exception . the peel helps to keep my skin clear and healthy looking .
the low cost is proof that it is a cheap product . doesn't do the job of a dry shampoo . darn
i like this neutrogena eye cream . it seems to smooth the skin in the eye area and is gentle . works better than more expensive department store brands .
these wipes are great for when i don't feel like using my face wash . they are gentle . my kids use them instead of washing their faces .
this is the only blush i love its extremely well made and worth the price ! the colors are true and vibrant
this lipstick is a very soft , neutral color . it goes on smooth and doesn't dry out your lips . i would buy it again .
i've only tried to use it once or twice but i haven't had any luck , i have thick layered hair and i just can't get it to hold .
i bought this for my husband , who could care less what he washes his hair with . he really likes this stuff !
the smell is perfect and absolutely not overpowering . even just sniffing the bottle without taking a bath is really relaxing . would definitely recommend :)
like the brush , feels good and holds the blush . like it closing in top as good way to travel with and not get messy
best foundation brush everrrrrrr ! ! ! flawless application every time ... my new hole grail foundation bgrush ... will be switching all my brushes to sigma brushes
i'm more of a loud color person , so for some this color would be a great product , but for me it was a boring color .
this wet brush is really what it says it is , for sure you can even use when your hair is dry
everything was in perfect condition . i absolutely love the colors . this was one of my first bh cosmetics items and its amazing .
great oil hair treatment ! get it if you like great oil with a great smell and quality of performance , yeah
great product ! i have gel nails , and this polish remover is amazing ; super gentle on both nails and skin . love it .
i wish the cord retracted every time perfectly but it usually works and i love that feature . otherwise , a great hair dryer .
got it as a gift for a guy . nice product if you are on a budget . packaging is pretty cool too .
a little rougher than i thought it would be . definitely not a net puff . to be used very carefully and gently .
if you have thin curly hair this works great but my daughter had very thick curly hair and it never got the tangles out or really brushed her hair
my favorite facial cleaning product . i have used it for years , and it has kept my facial wrinkle free . 5 stars !
eucerin is a new favorite brand cvs carries an off brand much cheaper . i like that it is not sticky .
it's pretty but breaks a lot . i have curly african american hair and it gets tangled in my hair a lot .
i love this brush ! i am able to put on quite a bit of my mac eye shadows . i will be purchasing more . in different sizes .
i'd definitely recommend using aveeno because i have seen a difference in the fine lines around my eyes and forehead .
i ordered this because i like to re shape my eyebrows every once in a while and this works great and i would highly recommend it .
my hair is too thick for this brush . it bent all the bristles and doesn't quite detangle well now .
i'm a major fan of smashbox and this bb cream is no exception . definitely recommended ! this is the only bb cream i use .
very , very fine glitter shimmer . adds a touch of something to a french mani and adds depth to flat-finish polishes .
for the money and with duo glue , the are wonderful . will buy again and would recommend them for evreryone who likes to look good
this kit really does the trick to get hard water stains out of your hair . after a few washes it is back to how it should look .
i'm a makeup artist and i'm very happy with this product ! nice colors and they last . i like it ! yes !
i love both the stamper and scraper . tip : rough up the stamper with a few swipes of a nail file and it will pick up polish better .
the variety of images in this set is nice & the images stamp flawlessly ... great set for an affordable price :)
they are not to bad . they work out for my fx makeup . like how i got 2 diffrent kinds . not a bad buy .
i was very dissatisfied with this product . it made my pores appear larger than normal and it was too pink . i will never buy make-up online again .
the lipstick is perfect . it arrived quickly , was amazing priced and actually stays on for awhile . can't wait to use it for my wedding .
there are better sulfur products out there that are paraben free . there is no need to slather that dangerous stuff on your skin .
i have been using these pads every morning and night for years . they exfoliate wonderfully and keep the lines at bay .
this cleanser is really good . it is fragrance free and leaves your skin so soft , clean and tingling fresh , ty ! ! !
the color of this balm is beautiful ! it applies effortlessly and i would recommend to anyone . definitely will buy more !
i had high hopes in that product.sadly it made me more oily and barely covered my acne . i will keep looking for something else .
the animals are super cute . they are very small and thin so they are difficult to work with , but worth the money .
this is a great value item . the bubbles last , it smells pleasant , and it's big enough to last awhile for my extra bubbly baths .
this color is perfect for summer , exaclty like in the picture , i get a lot of compliments from this colour
my 13 year old son loves anything axe and this was a huge it . it works great styling his hair - natural looking .
i am always happy to purchase this product when i am trying to grow my hair and get it back into tip top shape .
i hope they make this shade forever - it's one of two shades i use daily on my face . matches the darker outside of my face perfectly !
some people may find this product a little too pricey but i can assure you it is worth every penny .
i like this product and the container is pretty good . it's just somewhat hard to get the gems out of the container .
wow , what a beautiful color and the application goes on so smooth . i will see how long it lasts.so far , i recommend highly .
treat yourself with this product - it is amazing . it feels so good , it smells so good , it works so well - just get it .
this product did nothing for the bags below my eyes . don't waste your money . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i've tried many many products for my fine hair . this one is one of the products i really like and it's well worth the money .
i think this would be great for oily skin , but i have dry skin and this dried it out even worse . it contains alot of alcohol .
i love these dotting tools . they are so easy to use with any type of nail polish you have . great for any design you want .
love the smell ! am using the cocoa butter mainly on the arms , feet , and legs . leaves them very soft especially the feet and elbows .
not liking this product at all . i really have difficulty with it , putting it in and out . plus it really is time consuming .
after using this product i will not go without it . amazing . doesn't not dry out my skin and all but eliminates acne .
this shampoo is really nice and smooth . i love washing my hair with it because it makes my hair easy to detangle .
ended up buying a 12 pack after using these four up , it helps my complexion and acne as well as being nice smelling .
love these dotting tools ! they come in pretty colors and also the case is awesome so i can take them anywhere with me .
its blush . i do like how loreal matches their line with a number system - that's my favorite thing with these . otherwise , its pretty typical
got my plates , very happy with my purchase . will give my stamping friends the heads up ! worth the price , a great deal .
great product . i previously used olay ultra , but it didn't seem to clean very well . this is the best of both worlds . cleanses and moisturizes .
great for nail art ! i love the different sizes available and the spinner is a lot easier to spin than most
i am very pleased with this product . will continue to use it . feels smooth on the face and my skin is looking better every day .
love love love this foundation ! ! ! very light , really match the skin color , has 20 spf and apply very smoothly . definitely recommend it !
soy una fanatica de ls productos obagy . desde que me los recomendaron , no he dejado de usarlos ... mi cara se ha transformado
nice color i loved it and also what i was looking for i just hope i looks good on mereally liked it alot and it shipped
just ok shampoo left my hair tangled and you need a lot of conditioner to get the tangles out . too expensive
love the smell and the way it feels on the skin ; not drying at all ; burts bees have great products .
the box looks really nice and i really love the gold polish . i already have a bottle of zoya white but still bought the trio ~ ~ ~
smells really nice , and it works great on bug problems . i use it in baths and with lotions . it makes my skin feel smoother too .
i've experienced no fading , smearing or sinking into creases with this product . it glides on smoothly , is highly pigmented and last all day .
i use this product to wash my face . have had no problems . no breakouts from this soap . feels clean & works well .
from the first day i used this product , i noticed that my skin looked refreshed and bright . the exfoliation is gentle .
it heats up quick , and doesn't snag on your hair like other cheap ones . i used to have a hot tools one and this one works better .
this are replacement heads for my face brush . works great ! and these are much cheaper than if i purchased in the store .
these ingredients containing in this products did not go to my skin . i bought the complete kit , unfortunately it did not work .
dries white alone or whatever color foundation / eye makeup you are using . does not really stick and peels off very easily .
these bottles are much shorter than pictured , and they leak leak leak , cant use them , they leak constantly , poor poor poor quality , dont buy
this iron is perfect for me . i don't use it often , but when i do it works great and smooth . great price too !
these dotting pens work great . i have really enjoyed them . i'm not very good at dotting so these have been great and made it so easy .
i would say depending on how much you still have on top , it's a good buy better than without it .
not the best , but definitely better than most . this i had to buy because my regular one stopped working . great back up , though .
for the price these little things do their job i will buy morehighly recommend their very good i do nails for living so i know
i use this product in my hair and on my skin super super soft ! i cant get enough so happy i decided to give it a try !
gentle , so far so good . been using it for about a week and i can see that is working . will buy it again !
i love this set ! it works great for make up application . the pink packaging is super cute ! super great purchase !
beautiful packaging and absolutely divine scents ! nice and mild for sensitive skin , works great , i'm very impressed . i will be purchasing more clove soap .
great product if it wasn't for the price i would have rated it 5 stars i am sure there are tons of cheaper that would be just as good .
i highly recommend this product . the colors are bright and intense similar to how mac eye shadows look but at a fraction of the cost .
i like the product does.its job and also pretty so im happy.with.what . i got.and at . a good price also will oder again
i have use this for sometime and love it . it is on the higher price side for the size . but does give wonderful results .
i really like this serum , it moisturizes the face well and has subtle amount of shimmer which i love because it makes your face lighten up
all of the shany cosmetics train cases are great and i am inlove with this one . the only thing is the handle is kind of flimsy at times
i wondered if the added expense was worth it and it is . makes a strong long lasting nail protection for my weak nails that shred at every opportunity .
not only does is this a beautiful color , but it's has wonderful staying power even without a primer . will repurchase in the future .
this is a great polish , china glaze rarely disappoints on quality , just not quite the color i was looking for .
excellent brush for eye shadow . glides on easily and the hair doesn't come out of the brush . not expensive too .
this smells so good ! it's not greasy at all . i love that it makes my skin feel satin smooth ! .
cleanses with just a small amount of product to the face . it cleans and leaves the skin feelingwonderful and moist .
gelish foundation and top coat " set of 2 " good quality , easy to use , dry within expected time with any type of uv light .
i am very glad i got this product . it goes on nicely , smooth , and last for a few days . will be getting more essie products !
super happy with my buy ... the stamp is just fantastic and it works with any stamping plates not only konad ... totally recommended ..
there is no evidence before or after treatment that this product really works . i would not purchase this product again
this wig looks nice , it is darker then it is pictured . it holds up pretty well , doesn't shed or get tangled as easily as others .
just what i needed for my face . st . ives is the best . defenetly recommend as a scrub for face . love it
a few of my dotting tips slipped out of the handling area ... other than that this dotter works great for designs
they work exactly the way they should , nice and pointy , the angle makes it easy to pick up beads etc .
i have used these for years and they are just the best . takes off make up , but most importantly you can feel your pores getting clean .
just not sure what its benefits were . it definitely didnt help soothe or hydrate the skin . i think it left an awful film too .
very nice . great size . took couple weeks to get but worth the wait . will buy again , also ordered the colored ones . also pretty
i love this perfume . it has a light , pleasant scent . this perfume is a good choice if you prefer a lighter perfume .
every color imaginable ! brights , darks , neutrals , shimmers , mattes .. too many colors and combinations to choose from ... although two of them came broken :/
i really feel like my make up stays on longer and its a great finishing touch for your makeup ... fast shipping , product as described !
i like this mascara--it does lengthen quite a bit and the curved brush is perfect to get your lashes coated from root to tip .
this is a great lip product . it's moisturizing , and it can go as sheer as you'd like . the thin silver case is really nice and durable .
i buy this product all the time and even my husband has started using it . love love love it . reordering shortly
i absolutely love this product these are very nice for the price.yes i recommend this product . you won't have to buy nail tips for a very long time
love this cleanser . expensive but cleans and moisturizes skin gently with no harsh chemical . i have extremely sensitive skin and this is my favorite .
it smells great , it soothes your scalp , cleanses your hair and doesn't leave you feeling dried out . wen for the win !
i love the colors the only thing is that the makeup was opened & it didnt come with any little brush it looked a bit used
nice and lovely color , but doesnt have much staying power . you can only need a small amount to create a look
i did not see any result on my scar . i did use it for a couple months . i do not think i will buy it again .
a wonderful palette but , i need 2 get the " regular " meet matt ( e ) palette ! a must have 4 it eyeshadow palette collection !
it was frustrating to recieve these with half of them empty . i would not have bought these had i known . i wonder if they had been used .
it fits as it should and keeps your hair out of the way . i'm happy with this purchase and would recommend to a friend
i've used it for a few days i think it seems to be helping . i think regular use will be helpful .
i found this product to be very easy to use , and quite nice . indeed , a choice product for the price . highly recommended . dame hilda
i have used biotin for many years and this has worked better than what i mainly buy at the local grocery store . hair feels amazing . thanks !
reduced dryness , fine lines and my skin has not looked this good for a long time ! really glad i got this !
good , durable , decent sized . very good for detangling curly hair without damaging curls since there are only 5 rows . recommended .
this scent is sexy and sweet . my husband compliments me everytime i wear it . great price for a perfume well worth more .
does not work . some of pink tops cracks during first use . some of them leak right of from clear bottom .
leaves my skin feeling fresh and clear . i like the little beads in it too . overall a very good cleanser for faces prone to acne
love color . great fall / winter color . do not need to apply too many coats to make the color visible on the nails .
i feel that this is a great evening color for a dark skinned african american woman such as myself . satisfied !
i love this color . it looks especially good with vegas nights over it but it is a sexy basic black color .
great dryer , exactly as described . it has lots of room inside and is just like the salon dryers . fast shipping .
these are very small and cute . used on my daughter for her nails all silver shapes and sizes . .
it's a very good cleanser for porous and acne prone skin . it doesn't leave your skin dry and cleanses it at the same time
don't like the fact that i had to put 3 coats . i wish gel polish was darker like one coat nail polish .
i'm a first-timer to this stuff and i love it ! it's lighter than moroccan oil and doesn't make your hair as greasy !
its good u can use it before applying makeup it give shine n smmothness i love it its nice product
finally an eye cream that makes a difference ! feels like butter going on , smoothes the under eye area better than any i've used ..
its huge . and definitely worth the price . smells amazing and is exactly what you want if you have tried this brand before .
this is a great shampoo . not sure if it is really helping my color last longer but it gentle on my damaged hair and very lightweight .
pros-full coverage but lightweight-does not accentuate pores-very long wearing-provides decent oil control-pleasant but light scent-pump dispensercons-can't think of one !
the pearls aren't perfectly round and have blobs of the sidethey r microscopicthe whole container is a half-dollar sizethere are less than 30 pearls per section
love this on my dark skin tone ! it's gives a little extra something to my everyday makeup , a holy grail product for me
i use this product to apply my foundation and powder . purchased two this time to ensure i always have one .
a very nice hair dryer ... small toughen to take on trips ... and it dries the hair very quickly . i would highly recommend .
i have not had any issues with this product it goes on easy and works well . came in one day .
i dont like to put so much stuff on my face so this is good as they moisturize and serves as some sort of primer / foundation and sun protection
love this color , it's so pretty . it's like a pale pink wash of subtle sparkle . i will continue to buy this color !
it is a decent product , but a little bit expensive for the quantity you receive along the lines of being a drugstore level product .
this product is wonderful for my hair . the argon oil really penetrates the hair and does not leave it feeling greasy
very cute . it's for my mom , when she tries it on i will upload a picture . but it looks cute so far .
tighter skin is a plus for me . removing the little wrinkles that i've recently noticed . wrinkles wrinkles go away .
reasonably priced . have used for several years . great spf to protect your skin . light to medium coverage my favorite color is medium translucent .
this brush is great ! forgetting around my nose and under my eyes . i just love it , this brush will always be in my collection .
soap comes out easy ( not like dove products ) . suds up with very little soap and leaves you feeling clean and refreshed .
i'm a beginner in stamping and after a few tries i am getting better . love the designs and enjoy nail stamping . this is a very good deal .
i thought i was doing a good job washing my face , but this product makes your face really flawless and clean . will order in the future
smells great ! will definitely order again . i am constantly getting complimented on it . the price is better than at sephora
i have super , insane , crazy oily skin - all over , not just in the t-zone.this gets things under control without over-drying .
this product is useful for both the face and other body ares needing moisturizing . this brand is my replacement for another brand which no longer available .
love the smell from this tanning lotion , leaves your skin silky soft definitely worth the money great color no orange mess
this sponge does clean the face surprisingly well , even without a cleanser . i would purchase it again and plan to try the other varieties .
it came early . it so soft face brush . i just love it . it is small to powder all of my face .
i like this concealer and think it works very well ! it doesnt clump up and blends very well with my skin
have tried many thickeners for my hair , this is a favorite . non sticky , makes my hair look thick and lucisous and very soft too
i'm totally in love with my beauty blender . i absolutely recommend this sponge . the quality speaks volumes . plan on buying another one .
have not used these yet , but they are pretty basic nail decorating tools - different size heads ... exactly what they look like .
i always love buying mambo ! smells awesome ! love that it's not too expensive and that girls always have something too say about how good i smell .
this is a real pretty blue . i would say i is more of a winter color since it is pretty dark .
works amazing in treating acne and smells like baby lotion ! it may dry you out a little but it works great otherwise
very good product that i've bought over and over again.does the job and keeps the lines around your eyes at bay !
i like the little cylinders it came in but i wish they filled it a little more but hey like it .
this is like a burgandy color . very pretty . i have worn a few times and it looks pretty and wears well .
not great for me personally . it left a thick coat on my hair and scalp that i did not appreciate . felt a little like wax .
don't bother-this isn't good stuff . i just don't think it covers up at all ... just not quality eye coverup-expensive for the worthlessness ...
this hair clip was so pretty that i recently ordered it in another color as well . would recommend this product !
love this brush and it's so easy to work with . i used it extenstively the first time yesterday and i'm pleased to say it didn't lose any bristles .
this is why you buy the best quality so you can apply your eyeliner flawlessly - would recommend you buy this one for sure .
this product i received was broken , it wouldn't even work , a great waste of money . will never buy again or refer to anyone
these are great to clean your face with out drying it out . i gave some to my daughter and she loves them too .
i wasn't all that happy with this because i can't get it to stamp with any polish i use . but i do how ever like the little stamper .
this is a good brand and works . do not put too close to eye area or your eyes will water . my bottle's pump does not work .
love the smell , not to mention the bottle itself is just fresh and cute . packing is good too , as always .
this product is cheap . it has a toxic smell to it . it does not last long . do not use it for kids .
it works , keeps me clean . doesn't smell girly , foams up well . can't ask for too much more from a body wash ...
bought this as a gift for my mom because i knew how great the product is and she too fell in love with it !
this is a very good mousse , above the average on the market . i like it and it's at a good price .
i have used the dove kind for a while , which smells worse , but seems to work a lot better ? this one definitely sprays white onto the hair
product is excellent . my hands are smooth and no longer dry like they were before using this product . i will buy this product again .
very good styler and much cheaper than in the store.always difficult to find good quality ( not damaging ) styler with dual voltage.very pleased !
i absolutely love china glaze and this color is amazing . it's a creme polish witch i love , goes on smooth ans dries fairly quick .
i haven't bought it yet . it would be helpful if the size of the hair clip and pin flower were listed .
these are the best brushes for my frizzy , coarse and curly hair . i can use anything else so had to order online .
this white is great , and even stays opaque over dark colors . it works so well with all of my stamping plates !
works great and applies eye shadow quite well . as to be expected from a bare minerals product , it's made of high quality .
small sample sizes are cute and all . they're sample sizes , so i can't comment on the amount . makes for a good gift !
i bought this as a gift for a friend . really , really cute little nail dryer . it's bigger than i thought it would be .
sometimes i like it , but other times it just feels like wax , and it breaks my hairline out so hmm
such a beautiful package ! they are so soft and pretty ! i am definitely buying these again sometime soon ! love it !
i was very pleased with this product , it has the softest animal hair ever . i always put the pouch in my purse .
i have purchased this product before and i love it does what is says puffiness gone as well as dark circles will continueto purchase when i run out .
the quintessential red . opi colors apply beautifully and are really glossy and gorgeous . im happy with it , seems to be the genuine product
another great bargain for nail art . a lot of beautiful crystals making it worth the small cost . they are very small and more difficult to use .
this is a very nice cleanser that is hard to find in stores . my wife has been using this for years and is very happy with it .
these are great eyebrow pencils . it's good quality and not too soft . it holds up really well . i highly recommend these over eyeshadow shaders .
i love this body butter and give it to people as gifts . it makes your skin so wonderfully soft and the smell is wonderful . highly recommended .
st-ives has lots of skin products which are not expensive and very good . i also use moisturizer and cleansing creams .
it didn't make my skin as hydrated as i would have liked , thought i love that it is natural and loving to animals .
i have oily skin and this powder lasts forever and stays all day :) i would recommend this product to anyone .
i was so disappointed in the color . on amazon it looks so much lighter mauve then the dark one that arrived . not happy . waste of money .
this is my go to gel that i use for smoothing edges , protective styles and the occasional set combined with another product .
i use this daily to remove my mascara and am happy with the product . removes my mascara gently and it's convenient .
smells nice , works well . aloe vera is were its at for sun burns and rashes . i keep it by my bedside .
at first it felt impossible , but after a few minutes i became a pro . the stamps are the perfect size , some seem a bit large though .
great product ! shipped fast ! would definitely order again and again ! i think it gives me a natural tan instead of going to the tanning beds .
this product wasn't what i expected . it says you can wear it with your regular perfume but it gave my normal perfume a different smell .
this oil leaves your my hair soft and shiny and genuinely makes my hair dry faster . not " oily " feel . ideal to tame the tresses .
it makes my face look like porcelain . i use just a small amount and i don't really notice much of a smell . i will buy again .
this is my second season ordering this product . although this color may be more appropriate later in the summer . great product .
this concealer is good ... covers my dark circles as good as any i have tried .. and the price isn't bad at all ...
i thought i was using this until i got around to getting seche vite . little did i know i had the best already .
works excellent when cutting down my plastic nail tips when doing my manicures ! will buy again thank you for shipping so soon !
this conditioner works well and it is very inexpensive . i would highly recommend it . the bottle is easy to use and lasts for a long time .
first time getting nyx eye shadow primer . love it ! ! ! will be ordering more nyx products in the future for sure .
this is a lovely red . it is soft and stays on . i use it in place of lipstick and have no ' running ' . love it .
i hated the way my soap dispensers always looked so scuzzy at the top . this is a vast improvement ! i love it !
opi is always my favorite brand . it's worth the extra few dollars . and i love this color . it's nice and dark and shiny :)
konad nail stamping white stamps your design good on dark colors too . you can ee the design clearly with this white polish .
ecotools makes quality products , but the handles on these brushes are disappointing . they feel like cheap plastic , not bamboo . bristles are soft , though .
this is a medium size bottle . it does the job and i am pleased with it . it gives off a fine mist which i love .
i like this serum ! my skin absorb it very well . above all , it is very cheap . would recommend it to friends ! !
i love the way my hair and scalp feel . i don't itch nearly as much and the smell is very nice .
smells really nice , goes on smooth and doesn't leave skin feeling sticky . product was just as described
this is a nice pressed powder the size i got was small and has lasted for sometime now it feels nice .
this is a really nice self tanner . it works and looks just as good as st . trpeze , but is friendlier to your wallet .
this product works faster than regular polish remover , but it seems a bit harsh on my natural nails when removing gel polish .
it takes a while the hang of the product but it makes typing your hair up much easier . love it
does what it should , although i notice some slight bubbles with it , even though i do a very light coat before curing .
this is a true creamy solid white when you stamp it on ! thank you for such a great product ! happy new year ! ! !
ok i had bought another brand of brushes but it didn't have what i needed so i got these brushes and i don't need anymore brushes for awhile
you can't go wrong withe this color gel by opi ! customer service was fabulous !
its a mellow smell that is very soothing and pleasant . it is a must for a college bro ! !
it seems to do the job and keeps the red and gold tones down and helps get the color your going for
i use this product all the time cause it makes my face look natural , and would recommend this product to all my friends , and family
love this dryer . low setting left hair dry but not static like some dryers . higher settings may be better suited for long hair . nice color combination .
i have a real problem with eye pencil staying on . my eyes water a lot , so i was cautiously optimistic when i ordered this .
takes out knots in long , wet hair without a struggle . well made .
i wear fakies when i have events to attend . they are natural but nice and long - if i could just put them on better ...
this moisturizing cream leaves your face refreshed after applying . a little goes a long way , and my skin is noticeably smoother and no longer dry .
as usual maybelline has a winner . my only wish is for a truly waterproof mascara that holds up when teaching hours in a pool environment .
this product works well but does run small so you may want to order a size larger .
i love the products ! i really would buy again . the packaging was great , and it held up to what i thought .
goes on evenly . colors are great you can really match them to your skin color . bare minerals always goes on so smoothly .
this is exactly what is sold at macy's , but for a lot cheaper . great purchase , i recommend to anyone who wears this and wants to save money
this headband is absolutely beautiful . i would have even payed $ 5 for it . much better quality than i was expecting .
don't like this at all wish i didn't buy it but i did i got it smelt it and was let down big time
how much can you say about bobby pins ? these seem to be well made and certainly a bargain at this price . i am happy with this purchase .
for the price these are great lip liners ! i have more expensive ones but these work just as good and stay for hours !
i used it after shower . i smooth to my body . is so nice . i love feel it on my body
these are great as long as you are not using the goats hair brushes which is all of the larger brushes . the goats hair keeps falling out relatively easy
love this shampoo & conditioner . they really do work for volume . after i started using it i won't use anything else
this is an awesome color that can be worn summer or winter . it is very rich and glides on smoothly
when i received this product hair was falling out the net so bad that i couldn't wear it had to throw it out
not sure how i ever lived without this . this makes my face look so perfect . my huge pores are reduced drastically and the shine is all gone .
i didn't expect much from them but they amazed me . the price has since gone up but i still am planning on ordering another set or two .
nice color in the bottle but for me it went on very very streaky and wasn't as vibrant as i had hoped
use every day now w / the angled makeup brush - is perfect for helping to hide those lovely dark undereye circles ...
it goes on , dries , and peels off - - but it doesn't seem to do much for blackheads . maybe mine are just really stubborn ?
detangles , smooths , but doesn't break hair . i gave it five stars because of the high quality product , construction and how nice it works .
it is pretty in this picture , but is fairly dull in real life . i thought it would have more sparkle and " glitz " . disappointed ...
i like to use the same brand of shampoo and conditioner but i was way more impressed with the conditioner than the shampoo .
original , great , smells so good , bought it for my boyfriend and i love when he uses it . you should try it out
this is my favorite brand of shampoo / conditioner . it's very moisturizing . i buy it online when i'm feeling too lazy to go to the store .
haven't gotten a chance to try it yet but it was sent out before the stated delivery time and was larger then i thought it was going to be .
best conditioner i've ever used , will never turn from it ! i've been using it for about 4 years now and my hair never gets immune to it !
a must buy if you do your own nails . my nails are as smooth as if i went to my manicurist .
i got this tip from a co-worker who's daughter had terrible acne-i use it as a body lotion and also on my face . there is no oily residue
great product . does not irritate skin . goes on thick and must be rubbed in fairly well but i do not mind that . does not remain greasy .
product came just as described . and are excellent for the price . although i have not used then yet , i'm sure they will work excellently .
this product infinitipro spin air ratating styler is very easy , not heavy , fix my hair vary fast . i like it very much !
i had a friend try these and she absolutely love the way they make her feel amd she said her skin felt great
these eyeshadow blend the colors nicely , it has a little sparkle to them also . you can wear just about anything with them .
really like this brand despite the fact in am a guy , it is leaves your skin feeling clean , not overly drying , perfect for everyday use .
always love maybelline . never a disappointment when i buy maybelline . this mousse goes on so smoothly and has a flawless finish to it .
i bought this for my wife , she loves it and bought several others for her sisters , she likes the pearl feel .
i like this yacht man blue , smells good , is not a big fragrance or a really great cologne but it is ok . works for daily use .
hands down my favorite . almost time to get another one already . i use all kinds of additives with this one and by itself .
like this product very much , i use it every morning and occasionaly at night . it does seems to add body and i like the result .
i love using mineral makeup . this is a good one . it stays on very well and goes on smooth . i liked this product
very roomy and for even though the price , its wonderful ! makes me look very professional even though im only 16 !
i love this lotion for the spring and summer months . it's light , non greasy and it smells great ! the spf factor makes it even better .
i was looking for a black , this is not it . it is a dark dark purple , still love the color .
i like the grip , and the pusher works pretty well . the cleaner end i don't care for , a file still works better under the nail .
i use after my serums etc and it is sooo very refreshing . i've found that it also works great to set your makeup for the day .
i used these for a makeup party and they worked just fine . i liked the little bag they came in .
a lot better then dollar store shampoo . but it is not overpriced with your money going down the drain . great price when you compare to buying off line
i'm so glad i could pick up my husband's favorite cologne here and for such a great price as well !
i loved this base coat it makes my nail polish go on smoothly and protects my nails . it looks like i got a professional manicure !
really nicely etched plates cute designs stamp well using a variety of polish and either type of stamperstorage case is cutesy but i dont use it
a pain . takes to long . did not work as well as regular curlers . i tried and tried . returned it . egh
this gives excellent coverage but at the same time treats dark spots which is a plus . i plan on continuing to purchase this product .
this is the real deal ... very thick but absorbs well and is only one ingredient which is the most natural form of vitamin e .
this product feels good on dry skin , like mine . it moisturizes and makes skin soft and supple . what better way to erase lines and wrinkles .
this stinks . i would not buy it again . i can not stand the way it smells and i am very disappointed in this .
this soap has been god scent for my son's acne prone skin . he swears by this so much we buy it in bulk .
this one is my favorite color ! even the name is fun , use the new powders to get cool new colors .
this stuff is fabulous . it truly is translucent , eliminates shine , doesn't visibly clog my pores like other loose powders i've used , and never looks cakey .
bough these to go with the footsie bath black foot spa , and they smell really nice . good deal for the quantity you receive .
love all of the different shapes ! these crystals will bling out any nail design , and you don't have to be a professional to use them
i've been using this product along with bare minerals makeup for 6 years now and i love it ! it doesnt clog your pours .
this color is exactly what i was looking for a good bright color that's not too crazy . it's very polished and can literally go with anything .
regular intake because their pigmentation is not very good , barely noticeable , like me enough , the result to apply was not completely satisfactory
shine and good hold , delicious scent and beautiful packaging . i'm hooked for life with garnier fructis style sllek & shine .
this duo is fabulous . will definitely buy again . feels very good while washing and hair makes hair look wonderful once dry . wonderful product .
havent tried the product but its just as described and looks pretty good ... im sure it will work for or how it suppose to
the price that i paid for this mascara was a bargain but i'm displeased that the color did last long
they are very sturdy , love how they came in the mail and they are very good . i was expecting cheap metal and it feel heavy and expensive
i was having trouble finding the color i wanted and this was a great buy so i took a chance on it . very pretty .
this is a nice color and it also applies very nicely . i think it would be a good color for the summer .
this color is a very pretty vibrant nude and the nail polish arrived a few days earlier than estimated . i love essie brands because they hardly chip .
this is the best ever , i love it i have nothing bad to say about it . i would purchase it again , and again
this product is cheap and sucks and not even worth $ 1 . this was a waste of time and money . lame .
i was looking for a new toner to replace what i had been using . this was perfect - it's a nice mild toner .
love it ! great size for travel and carrying with you.wonderful for sensive skin - works great oneczema and mcs sufferers .
i love this top coat ! it really does dry really fast and leaves my nail looking very shiny ! however the smell is really strong .
aveeno is a great product line . this facial wash cleans without drying or clogging . i do follow it with a good facial moisturizer .
i look like i havent sleep in a million years all the time . with this product i don't look so much like a zombie .
this smells funny & hasn't done anything yet ... doubt it will as it has no really good ingredients for wrinkle correction .
well worth the money . 12 were fine glitter and 1/2 were pigment type powder . loved them and the containers they came in .
it was broken when received . . very unhappy when i received this product ! ! won't be ordering products any longer .. and it was not solid at all .
love this color . bright pink . went to indoor golf and under black light was neon pink . happy happy happy about this color !
works really nicely . it does not make your face oily at all but give enough moisture where it feels really nice . i definitely recommend this product .
i think ima really love theses because now i can do all can of art work plus it was a good deal !
i like to mix it with my fountation and cover under eye bags and blemishes ! works great … its a small tube but goes a long way !
this doesn't work for me . i used it for crinkly skin on upper arms . no effect . also used it on inner thighs , still no effect .
here's a great non-greasy natural product that soaks in and helps your skin heal . i love the cool , refreshing gel .
no bad reaction on my very sensitive skin and i believe it is helping to get rid of a bad dry rash around my eyes .
brush is great for blending . just love this one . some hair is coming out but i ignore this . i need it for blending . soft bristles .
i've tried many beauty products that don't " deliver " ; this is not one of them . results are striking and evident even faster than promised .
the low poo and no poo have a completely different effect on my curls . i plan to go back to no poo .
like it :) really soft and cute . does a great job , i like how it blends ! ! ! and looks great on my vanity table :)
this protection styling spray shoots a fine mist and does a great job at defending the hair against heat damage . it smells great , and works great .
this has parabens in it . that is really too bad as it was a nice product otherwise . won't purchase again .
great product , works well , saw it advertized in new york magazine it will last a long time , i feel like a movie star .
smooth you make up.reduces oil on oily faces when used with the cover cream . i will recommend it a friend .
speedy delivery and was what i ordered . one pump delivers the right amount needed , so that you don't have to pick up the heavy bottle .
a little goes a long way and my eyeshadow colors really pop . this base makes even the lightest colors look awesome .
all the tools work well . the large clipper is a little too big for me , but the other tools are well-made and nice quality .
i have to keep my hands under the uv lights a lot longer than i do at the salon , but it is worth saving that money .
start with the face wash and end with this . clean , smooth and soft skin you'll love . i won't go back to using anything else .
cannot tell you enough ... i love this blush ! it's the perfect shade for me . my favorite blush so far !
does what it says , all day hold for my curls ( which would always fall flat the second i left the house ) awesome !
this product really helped my dry hair . i color regularly so i use all the wen products , they saved my hair !
i think this is a bit to orange so i wont be buying it again . i wished it was a nicer shade it had a good price .
love love love ! i have naturally straight hair and this gives my hair some volume and looks like that natural beach wavy hair . love it !
i bought this product online rather than the store because it the container was bigger and for a better price than what you can find in the store .
love it ... love the color and the texture ! amazing i will be ordering more .. opi is a great brand
very good product . nice to use something that retains moisture without grease or that synthetic dimethicone slick and doesn't automatically clog the pores .
bought mogul and its a great brownish red color perfect for fall . been really happy with all my ibd gel colors .
didn't do anything crazy , like the rave reviews said it would . it actually made my eyelashes clump together even more .
i love tree hut scrubs - the price is right - high quality for a low price.would highly recommend .
i loved this mask . it was tingly and made my skin feel fresh after washing it off . would definitely buy again .
love love love the colors ! great for gifts ! loved everyone that i tried so far ! i am looking forward to trying more
i like this color ok . all of these shinesesational glosses are sheer ish not very rich is color but the gloss is not as sticky as some glosses .
i would definitely say the polish is more coral then the color on the screen shows . not totally coral , but slightly .
i use this product in my office for skin marking and it does a great job . i cannot think of anything that works better ...
this is my ultimate favorite mascara , hands down , no complaints . works extremely well , no clumps and the applicator brush is great .
this shampoo makes my hair shiny and soft . it doesn't weigh it down . i don't especially like the scent , but otherwise it really does work well .
yes the picture is great but these are very tiny beads for nail you put them on though you wont be disappointed
the smell is strong and sticks to your clothes . would rather wear this at night before going to bed . product is ok .
i bought a colorful one of these for my daughter . i liked it so well that i bought this blue one for myself .
this shampoo leaves hair so soft there is no need for conditioner . smells good . and you need very little since it is a professional shampoo !
these brushes are great for nail art designs . i love them . i need to order a few more . you can never have to many good brushes .
lovely smell of citrus and cleanliness that lingers well after the shower . however , there is absolutely no conditioning offered . it is watery and not very effective .
i've been using this product over six weeks with great results . only use when hair is wet and you will have excellent results !
this is no magic ointment , but i think that over the longer term there is a benefit in around-eye appearance .
i've been using this body wash for about a year and am very satisfied with it . it smells great and leaves my skin soft and nurtured .
these brushes are so amazing and for a great price . there is almost any brush you could ever need and they are great quality .
love the color and the quality . it looks good on the fingers and being so close to skin colour i can use it at work as well ..
this works great for my daughters hair . however , it did not work for my hair . item is exactly as pictured .
stamps great with any dark color . i use over my shellac manicures with ice silver or sally hansen black fast dry .
love these ! i rinse them off sometimes . love the different sizes , for purse , drawer , etc . just don't drop them ! ! ! lol
beautiful color and makes your face glow ! it last a very long time as well and it comes with a pretty brush to apply it with :)
this stuff really works . it gives super thin hair some texture and has staying power . you only need a very tiny bit . highly recommend !
really shiny , kinda made me look like i had really oily skin . i didn't like it as much .
i use this for making my own toner . i mix it weigh witch hazel and a tiny amount of glycerin . smells heavenly .
all though it does not look like the picture , it is a very cute color for a top coat over a solid color ! !
great color variety but one or two of the eye shadows was broken and was messy when i opened it .
its the only foundation that i can find that matches my skintone and doesn't make me break out . love this foundation !
in love with these perfect recieved them in like 3 weeks not gonna complain but i love them for 3d nail art and my cell phn casesgreat assortment
i have really long hair ( almost waist length ) and needed a big brush that could easily grab all the hair.this brush ( big ) works great for me
i like the fact that this mirror has a light on the edges and reverses for a close up view . it is attractive on my dressing room table .
never sure if these supplements help or not , but the price and quality for this seem fine .
finally a decent hand mirror that's large enough to see my entire face ! the other side is a regular mirror . i would be lost without it .
it is a great product , very practical to use , easy and looks very nice ! ! stongly recommended to everyone that wants one .
cruelty free , bamboo , easy to hold , easy to use . i love all my ecotools brushes but this one is the best !
i find this product to be great with fast shipping and it came with everything that it claims to come with . i will buy more in the future
i'm just getting around to writing my reviews , but i purchased this kit over a year ago and i still use it ! i love these brushes !
love dove . leaves skin feeling nice . this was a very great buy . after reading some of the reviews i couldn't pass it up
i love body cream , the way it makes your skin so much softer . this cream was great for darker skin tones and smells amazing . love it !
this cologne smells like bottled sex . just saying . i bought it for a male friend and boy what a mistake that was .
this is wonderful i just wish some of these were brighter colors.there all dark but i guess there good for winter .
i've had this for a few months now , it works like it should.the consistency is firm and smooth . i would definitely buy this eye shadow primer again !
too bad it's discontinued ! hard to find . seems like that happens a lot with box colors . why do they do that ?
did not work well on my hair . i have dry , relaxed hair and this did nothing to help it become softer .
best shampoo / conditioner ever ! smells wonder , little needed to wash & condition , easy on hair and just wonderful over all . one more word
great face wash / rub for the shower . it last longer than you'd think and helps exfoliate your face without being harsh on your skin .
this perfume has a very decent smell . i use it whenever i am going to college in the morning . amazing !
sorry , but i really haven't used it as yet . . . i carry a lot of shampoo . . . renee evers
love being able to do my own nails in the comfort of my own home . great choice for me . very pleased with this product .
its as good as the ones you buy at the mall , at a better price , i will buy again when i run out .
great for weekly maintenance and to keep your skin fresh and radiant . you probably won't peel so don't over apply .
now that it's almost holiday season , i will definitely be using my red konad polish a lot more ! show's up well and that's the important thing !
soft and glides on so nicely , came sealed which is a good thing i love it , and will repurchase it again for sure
i am very happy with the quality of this product . works well and makes fine finishes on a manicure a breeze . would buy again if needed !
arrived broken . looks very pretty so im going to try to fix it but i was verry dissapointed in the state it arrived in
i love , love , love this color . opi is always my go to brand because they hold up better and have a great selection of colors .
this hot hair brush detangles my hair and gives beautiful curls.curls may vary , just depends on how you work it.heating is perfect and love the grip too .
easy to work with this , are not difficult . ideal for beginners . i am thrilled to be working fine with them . perfect .
this brushes have become my favorite for the days i choose to wear make-up ! they are face , and apply the makeup evenly and smoothly quickly !
this is just a gorgeous color ! it is very sparkly , fabulous for the holidays . i highly recommend this color . shipped quickly .
a good sunblock that was not greasy and did the job , have worn it all day and it blends nicely ... recommend this product
my daughter is wearing make-up for the first time and this has been a great product for her . i will buy it again .
a great little flat iron ! works great on my coarse thick short hair , and is perfect size for travel !
beautiful color ! ! it's a rich burgundy brown with glittery sparkly undertones . a great fall color that covers the nail well and lasts great !
i use it to apply my powder after the foundation application . i love it , use it everyday before leaving home and sometimes at work as well .
i find this base coat actually does prolong my manicures . the price makes it very affordable . the smell is not as offensive as other polishes .
this plates have good images it was my first time trying mash and i absolutely love my plates and will order more in the future .
i like this product and have used it for a few months . it was a great price and i will buy again .
i have all theses colors to choose from and it always seems every week i'm changing my nails so it works out great !
not as wide as i would like . but its soft and matches my hair . good quality just not what i was looking for exactly .
i've been battling acne for years now and this is the best face wash that i've ever used so far .
only use wen , have used it for many years and i will continue to use wen cleansing conditioner exclusively
freinds just love this output.the shimmer and shine is ideal to match any accessory they have on.this has so much potencial fir ideas .
this is perfect for when its hot out or humid out side . it unfrize your hair quickly or keep it tamed
very good lotion with bronzers and a light shimmer to it . smells great before and even after tanning . recommended ! ! awesome ! !
pretty much your standard awesome essie quality . i would say the color was somewhat true to the picture , except is a cooler tone .
i use this under my face powder rather than makeup . i love it . it's amazing and i'll never use anything else . ,
they are a great size if u plan on doing your own nails or even for practice i am happy with my purchase
purchased this cleaning conditioner for my little granddaughter . she loves this conditioner and the watermelon scent . very happy with purchase and fast service .
i love this stuff ! ! ! my skin looks healthy and beautiful since using . could not live without it ! not too greasy . perfect formula !
i love the light feeling and you have a little glow with it . you skin feel very silky . you will love it ! ! !
the bomb.com ! detangles like a charm hunty ! hahah . good for african american hair , or anyones hair that creates a tangly mess from time to time .
over priced for the results . leaves skin feeling slightly taut and dried out , you must follow up with age perfect moisturizer .
it's not that good , i usually love loreal products . but this doesn't smell that good and doesn't really conditioning your hair that well
excellent woody musk scent . good projection and good longevity . underrated , i think because it's a celebrity scent . very nice !
i am noticing less red . nice creamy moisturizer . i would recommend for any face it is not heavy or oily .
so many different design to choose from and designs what ever what ever you choose to do the sky is the limit
i think it is working i do think it is working i will know so i hope but it dose seem to be working
i've always had acne . this system works.the facial cleanser gets a deep clean.the night lotion makes your face tight.the day lotion fights acne and provides spf protection .
leaves the hair soft and manageable no build up i have natural hair 3b / 4c i use this daily great product ! !
love it - no shedding - use to put on eyeshadow heavily . it holds a lot . what else can be said ? nice
these brushes are amazing ! they're really soft and pick up product very well . they were a bit pricey , but worth it . i highly recommend .
love it ! a deep burgundy and just the color to wear alone ar layer with another shade . a must have
this product was recommended to me by my dermatologist . despite my extremely sensitive skin , it works wonderfully . i do highly recommend this product .
bristles too long and a little scratchy . i cut it down but still didn't help . i returned it . need to start over with this one !
this product leaves my face so smooth and soft ! i have to restrain myself from putting it on all the time ... i may have to repurchase soon .
i like tis product for mens cuticles but don ` t like the hook part i wish it was smaller and not so wide to get under the nail .
all ten bows arrived . there were no rhinestones missing and my package was exactly what i expected it to be .
i have only swatched this color , i havent worn it yet but i cant wait ! it looks so pretty ! i already am in love with it .
this literally did nothing for my skin . you're better off buying a glycolic acid cream and using emo oil as a moisturizer .
wont say its the best foundation i've ever used , but we'll see how it goes , think i like my loreal infallible better .
please be aware these are tips only . meant to be used for acrylics . i didn't know his when i bought them . but that's not my fault .
very nice product . smells like chocolate and goes on like velvet . i will continue to use this product . great for contouring .
an amazingly perfect sky , baby , soft blue ! a must have in any collection . you really aren't going to find a shade of blue this perfect
i gave this a 5 star because it seems to be the best hair filler i've tried . some are sticky , this one is not .
i like the products with pretty bottle , and i never try this cleanser before , but it has a special smells .
it's very slow to dry , i would recommend the opi fast dry top coat . the shine is there but it just takes to long to dry .
the packaging is adorable , the cream smells amazing , and the application is easy ! great for sensitive skin and feels extremely refreshing afterwards .
this was too greasy and heavy for my face . because amazon charges too much for returns i just kept it to use on my feet
i love mac matt.lipsticks ... i wish they made more reds rusts & oranges ... but it's the only lipstick that the color lasts .
really didn't notice any skin lightening for me . maybe for someone else it works better but i definitely threw it away and wouldn't recommend .
super serum , lots of compliments , my face looks best ever , hope watts will always have this serum its really good , super etc .. thanks you .
harmony gelish uv soak off gel polish elegant wishgood product , dry fast under uv light ( 2m ) , nice color .
that tribal print alone is worth buying this ! the plate is as easy to use as any other and i love it !
me gusta , es una fragancia suave y delicada para la mujer joven y despierta de nuestros tiempos , la recomiendo es fresca .
love this brand the china glaze , it has it's own hardeners in it makes putting it on easier than other brands
best product in the market for beauty mask , highly recommend ! ! i have purchased 5 different kinds and have been satisfied .
i got this for my boyfriend . he loves the smell , and i love it more ! ladies this is a good one !
i bought this for my hair but it does not stay on . i have now turned it into a potato bag holder .
this product just melted the cuticle away quickly . made removal of the skin easier and my nails looked like i had been to a professional for a manicure .
the mascara doesn't do much for my top lashes except clump them all together . so i only use for my bottom lashes . and the eyelines is perfect !
bought as a christmas gift for daughter-in-law . i put together several nail art items in a box and she loved it !
although it's a bit the colours are absolutely beautiful . best pallette i've ever used , the colours complements nd blend so well together and create . beautiful natural shimmer
a little of this highlighter goes a long way . this product has made me curious about other products by the balm now , because the quality is incredible !
fast delivery , as described , does what it needs and i would recommend it to anyone . perfect tiny size to create some beautiful nail art .
i heard about this stuff from a friend because of excessively dry skin and this works like a charm ! no more dryness or itchiness !
nice polish . not too thick like some other brands . goes on nice and smooth without to much effort . will buy again when needed .
this was not a genuine dermalogica product . i returned it for a refund immediately with no issues . definitely do not recommend .
the shampoo and conditioner never burn my eyes so i know they are gentle on my hair . i highly recommend them .
looooove the organix coconut milk line ! it makes my dry , brittle hair manageable , shiny and smelling great !
these are very cheaply poorly made . i never could get a pair to stay on at all . the band is too thick and looks obviously fake on .
the scent is a bit strong for my taste , but otherwise this product works , even on a senior citizen's hair . i'm quite pleased with the results .
i love this product . i have been ordering this product almost every 3 months and i order 3 at a time . i highly recommend it .
i begin using this product to clear up my acne and i use it for my entire body . love this soap .
this product is just as awesome now as it was 60 years ago . can't change what has always worked . your pores will be smaller and skin smoother
i love this eyeshadow palette ! ! i bought years ago and just repurchased ! the eyeshadows are so velvety and smooth ! also extremely pigmented ! ! !
a great hayalronic acid serum that doesn't irritate the skin . it has a thick consistency that makes it easy to apply and distribute evenly over the face .
i have used the nautica voyage for men by nautica eau de toilette spray . i bought it against because i finished the other bottle . thanks !
brown nail polish may not sound very pretty , but this color is the bomb ! a beautiful dark brown with gold and green shimmer .
i am getting older and i use one of these to sit on in bathtub and one behind my head
doesnt stain very evenly , have to put 2 or 3 coats on to get it even . and it only stays on for a couple of hours . disppointed
this is one of my favorite hair products and you can't beat the price when purchasing it on amazon
love itso nicegreat dealmany shapes and designs with the stamperand relatively very good pricegood deal
i bought these as a gift for a friend . these gems are very tiny , great for nail art . really nice !
good for coarse wavy hair . buy some extra clips though , i got ones with clasp as the simple ones included don't hold shorter hair as well
it was okay . i guess i expected more dermabrasion qualities . i liked the fact that the pads had cleanser embedded on it . nice .
i like them , i really do , lots of different colors and sizes . they can be picked up with the rhinestone white pen .
the makeup works great and a small amount goes a long way , based on the coverage and color , i would order again .
i have already writtten one review , so i will leave it at that . any purchases over seas are slow so expect it
they appear to be high quality but they are gigantic ! ! too large for me ... just be aware . i can't use them .
this product is indispensable for who uses hair extension to make adjustments ! the price is excellent , high quality and very pratice and easy to use ! ! !
i read about this and decided to give it a try . so far i have been very happy with it and will continue to use it .
it works great . does what it's supposed to do .. no more sore mouth / teeth fo rme . get it if you have occassional soreness
it's ok only because you get a lot of brushes ! hairs very soft , could be harder , but i guess it's ok for the . price
this helps to keep my " face " in place all day long . could apply the foundation and the mineral veil and it stays for hours !
my mother in law really is happy about us getting this for her . she has had a really hard time finding any in the stores for years .
throw one into your purse or your drawer at work , no smells to irritate sensitive noses , not greasy , eases dryness after hand washing
i have fine hair but a lot of it but it still would not stay in . maybe on courser , thicker hair but for me it sucked .
of course , everything that covers well and doesn't irritate gets discontinued . oh well , it was great and i ordered a few before they disappeared completely .
i make my own lotion for my very dry skin and found this shea butter to be exactly what i was looking for .
i did a text of this product on one eye and another brand on the other , oh yes , there's a difference .
this eyeliner was extremely smudgy . i could not make a straight line with even the steadiest hand . i would have to sharpen after every use .
yes the bristles are long , but i like it . helps me make a finer line than other brushes . definitely recommend this .
i love it . it's really water proof and makes my short eyelashes thicker and longer look . it also arrived earlier than expected date of delivery .
i read here the reviews and after that order me one , still using and can see helping my wrinkles so much and happy i have this product .
this was at a great buy . it is a good highlighter for all skin tones . has a nice shimmer to it .
i have very dry , very sensitive skin and i can still use this daily without any irritation . i like the dispenser too .
after using both bottles day and nite , there is no change in the appearance of my cellulite . waste of money .
i bought these to use with my foundation . they work great , but suck up a lot of it as well .
very nice color would buy it again as gift nice colors for winter and summerlots of color three rows of colors
this product is amazing & works just as well ... amazing ... greatest invention . :d thanx & god bless :d just brillant :d
the eyelashes are light and the application area is thin so they work for all eye shapes without irritation . nice selection of eyelash styles
this is a nice brush for the crease of my eye . small enough not to waste room in my bag , but big enough to handle with ease .
i put this in a squirt bottle with half water and rinse with it twice a day . it has a minty afterfeeling which i love the tingy sensation
a great price for the amount you receive . its just like one you'd purchase in the store - no funny business . good size .
this is the best acrylic builder around . its great and a must have for nail artist . buy buy buy this its the best
i thought the jar was going to be full but is just have way . that is why i gave it a 3
this has good a great scent to it . everyone also compliments me when i'm wearing it and i feel confident .
dry and gooey feeling left on skin , no absorption at all . i love designer skin products , but this one needs to go .
this was a bit disappointing as i thought i was getting two jars and only received one . it works fine , but won't last for long .
it's worth the money , it only has 3 functions but it workbetter than my old ibd.arrived on time , all the parts are in good shape .
you probably could use alcohol the higher percentage but i like this product and love all of my cnd products .
affair in red square is my fav go-to color for my toes , and the best for nails too especially at july 4th , christmas , and valentine's day !
i love this spray on sun screen . it goes one quick and easy . plus it stays on even when wet and sweating . perfect for playing sports :)
clarisonic is great in anything they make . stick with the best that works and this is one of them to add to their line
leave this product for those who straightens or relaxed their hair . not really suitable for natural straight hair .
did not get the result i wanted by using this product . it had a great smell though . used for hair with less texture .
i like this product , it is an excellent product and great for dry skin . it also helps to clear up blemishes .
this product is extremely perfect and the quality is great . i love the natural look of the part . natural in style and looks good
works good but nothing wow , is opi so is god but is the same than cheaper ones for me but i not beauty expert
great product and organic is the correct word . leave face feeling clean without dryness . smell is great and products are great
these are smooth and serviceable clips that don't catch or pull the hair . they work perfectly for pin curls or clipping plastic rollers in place .
just like the cheaper brands of hair spray to me an overrated and expensive to me , so will look further and see what is out there ,
a metallic pink .. it's pretty just just doesn't match my skin tone .. need a few coats to get it nice and rich
this is a rose based floral scent that is strong and sweet . i have worn this scent before and it won't disappoint .
i love this product i had never seen it in stores but i love face masks ! great as a wash or a mask it has a great too
this is a nice inexpensive starter brush kit . it is a great gift for teens or to use as a travel brusk set .
this bronze is spot on no shimmer a nice matte and doesn't make you look dirty you can't go wrong for the price !
this color does show on the nails nicely . one would have to paint multiple coats to get a clean look .
i generally love this line of alba products but i thought this scrub was stinky . it's also a little too rough for my liking .
good for co-washing , detangling , deep conditioner . work well on low porosity hair . great value , smells great . heavy , thick , and creamy .
good , safe product . no harsh chemicals ; no awful smell.dark blonde shade is rather dark-pigmented but withtime and regular washings , the color lightens up .
i don't have to waster my time to typing . every body know it is great value.is nice toner i've never had . american love thayer
not greasy . pleasant scent and easy to apply . fast delivery . anti-aging , ? will have to monitor longer.plan on reordering soon .
i like this product because leave a weird smell on the flat iron or makes my hair burn when i'm straightening it .
i love this . it is gentle and effective . a very fine exfoliate . i will buy it again until i find something better .
it didn't really work for me , made my hair greasy and still itchy . so need to find something else . ( it smells good )
i have not had enough time to really evaluate this product . cream is not greasy and is used at night .
this is an awesome brush . i use it for eye shadow application and blending . and also for more detailed face product applications , like concealer .
it's the perfect primer for your lid . it's easy to sweep on and makes my make up more bright and lasts all day !
this pencil is so much better than any other crayon type brow liner . very natural looking . only downside , kinda pricey .
i really like the assortment of this set , and that they are the nail art type brush . makes for a lot of different combinations and fun .
the absolute best product for the price ! a lot of the colors have a lot of shimmer in them . looks great on my brown skin .
i feel like something is off with the consistency of the powder like they changed it somehow . it doesn't get the same coverage .
this product is compact so it can be taken every where without too much bulk ! they also work well . i enjoy it every time i use it !
wife desired an extension mirror to assist in the brushing and spraying of her hair in the mornings . she is very pleased with this product .
i have'nt use it yet . it just stock in my manicure kit . i kinda like it . yes i will recommend this product
24 nail art colors for 24 dollars is amazing ! the colors are so pretty as they always are from shany cosmetics !
i absolutely love this product and would gladly buy more . the smell is nice and pleasant . dropper is nice easy to use
i love the size for the price i paid ! great for my hair and face diy'sfast shipping and i will purchase again in the future !
i love this wand ! it heats it hot enough to curl my thick hair and the curls last throughout the day . i recommend this product .
i love dove this feels so good on skin moisturizes smells like heaven i would buy again this might be my new fav flav lol
love the colors and the subtle hints of shimmer . this is a great color combo and i use them all the time !
didn't see any results as of today . would have been better off to have saved for a procedure in a medical office .
my hair is super thick and curly , i've gone natural in the last year and this is probably the best product i purchased
i use this almost every day . i am getting comments about how great my skin is . my husband tells me i do not look my age .
theses brushes are really soft basically the only brushes you need i don't even use some of them and i love pink which is why i got them
i love these lashes . these are my 1st pair of lashes that i bought and these are great . i love false lashes
this oil is great as a base oil for lotions , etc , but it is a wonderful moisturizer all on its own .
love this fall color polish . just like the one i buy in target . love it .
this does a good job of restoring seche vite ( which thickens quickly ) and also old polishes that don't dry any more .
these tints impart a fresh , soft flush of color to lips that really lasts . my quest for the perfect lip tint is over ! yay !
like the product , but the scent is too strong . i ended up giving it away to my mother who was able to stand the smell .
great product for dry skin . i have eczema and use it when i need that extra skin boost , love it .
it's a simple heat protectant . i don't think it makes my hair particularly shinier , but it's all right for what it does .
just recently started using roc products , i use this about twice a week along with all the other roc resurfacing products , it helps exfoliate your skin
i really love this and love theprice compared to what they sell it for in the malls . am very happy with my purchase
good product for the price and it lasts a very long time . my daughter is very happy with this purchase .
i like this set better than the other one , i have not used this set yet so i really cant make a very good rating until use them .
perfect---all 3 of them together--work well for all of my hair procedures ! ! will order again ! fast service as well ! ;)
this is very gentle and makes it easy to remove eye make up . it's also not oily so it doesn't leave any kind of residue in your eyes .
mitsouko has kind of a musky scent to it which i love . it keeps it scent all day long . i just love this perfume !
loveeeeeeeeee this wig . it did not tangle easily and looks really natural with side part , or even a middle part .
this is a great accent piece for a bun , or 1/2 up hairdos . i always get compliments when i wear this .
great product - just received it today and it is just as described . sturdy built and high quality bristles . would highly recommend to anyone !
i occasionally curl my hair and do not like having to take a long time to curl it . this brush works really well and curls my hair quickly .
the spooly could be a little better but that's what the spoolies are for in brush sets so no biggie .
this is the perfect little tool to clean your nails and to get that gunk out from under your nails . the cuticle pusher works well also .
did nothing but this with the lotion and cleanser made my skin and my husband's dry , irritated , and red . so regret buying these !
this is the best way to clean ur brush after doing acrylic nails ! i like the way it holds all sizes of brushes .
it works just like its supposed to however it smells really bad and the smell does stay around for a while
this product is so cute ! it's a great gift for someone who loves to be fashionable ! and it's not hard to do at all !
this is like hair spray for your you brows , hold them in placed all day long , i usually put to coats , and it work perfect .
gives you a nice bronze color without looking to orange or brown ! it is better than any department store bronzer ! ! my favorite bronzer !
i love this hair donut its easy to use and the price was amazing i would recommend this hair donut .
this skinny creme really makes my skin feel , so soft and it feels tighter . i would definitely be using this lotion all summer
this cream helps no only my skin but my nails grow strong and beautiful ! i can not live with out it !
love these brushes ! ! ! as a matter of fact , i have now ordered four of them as my daughter and sister love them as well : )
this is really thick , so you can use less than you normally would for shower soap . it also smells really nice and is great for softening skin .
cute but very small , i like them but may not use much because so very smal you can't tell what they look like . they are nice !
i've tried sooooo many moisturizers and this one is simply the best ! it's so light and gets absorbed fast ! great value too !
good product if you need a daily sunblock . my skin just didn't like it much ... burned my eyes also for several hours after application
great storage for all my nail plates . easy to look through and choose which nail plate you would like because you can see them in there holders .
this tool works great unlike the 15.00 set i bought with several tools in it . very happy with it . i would recommend this product to everyone .
this is a great polish . it is super thick , is tough to dry out , and is a staple in your konad system .
these bows are so cute i love how well they stay on and don't snag because they lie flat on the nail bed
very black eyeliner , goes on smooth , i wish i had knew about this product earlier and i would definitely recommend .
did not like at all . made skin break out in bumps . must be the shea butter . like most jergens lotions , just not this one .
not too impressed have to reapply all the time . and the pump does not work . but it feels soft and just dediocre .
hempz moisturizes great but it has a very strong and sweet smell . it is a little much for me . i probably will not buy this again .
i like this product . it was exactly as i expected . deliver , quality , price all great . i use this in beauty products .
the smell this gives off and the fact you have to place it near your eyes was a no go , i trashed it .
this mascara is perfect for those women like me who struggle with barely any lashes . this mascara makes your eyes pop
i received this palette along with others of coastal scents and it is by far my favorite ! nice colors . i love it
great value for the amount of qtips vs . the price . it's also so convienient to have the triple pack so i don't ever run out .
easy to use , a little bit heavy for my thin hair but in thick hair is ok . great thing to buy .
this is a good face wash , nicely clarifies skin . the pump works well . it's a good price too . thank you
it's sort of like a red door or giorgio fragrance . just cheaper ... which is nice . it is very smooth with a fruity musky smell .
the service of the company is good . i use everyday with the hyaluronic acid and my skin looks fresh and glowing . keep alwaysin the refrigerate .
bought it with the hand cream and both of them work perfectly well in connecticut's " never-ended " dry winter ! highly recommend ! !
nothing special , really . didnt notice any " touch of sun " effect whatsoever , and frankly , there are better moisturizers out there too .
this product is amazing ! i ordered for the first time and will continue to use this product . very nice size also .
i don't really like this ... my nails did not grow strong .. they grew but was so easily to break / chip ... i need something more stronger .
the perfect all around bronzer . couldn't be happier . the price is great and the quality is amazing ! loving thebalm's products !
i saw good reviews and purchase it . it works very well ! i am very satisfied with it . will keep using it .
i love this dispenser and the fact that it is a pump bottle and it has lid and i can label the bottle and it shipped fast
i tossed my other pinks because they weren't as showy as this color is . i really liked it . nice bright color .
this is a nice serum that is not sticky for me . you don't need a lot . just started using . seems to absorb fast .
good oil to use on brazillian human hair weave , also add the moroccan shampoo / conditioner , very good products for weave
a must have for ladies these colours are neutral and flexible . you can play them down or create gorgeous smooky eye effect for any occassion .
its clumps so much do not get this you will need to spend a lot of time on your makeup if you do .
this cleanser smells good , but not as magical as other customs said . my pore hasn't minimize , maybe i should use it for a longer time .
omg this is such a lovely back u can just about do everything with this color i'm surely gonna buy the same black when i run out
love this mirror . so easy to install . two sided w / one side magnified for close up . very stylish looking hanging on the wall .
my husband loves this body wash . said he likes the way it lathers up and makes him feel so clean ...
i used this maybe five or six times and the paper is completely worn out . it was cheap , but i wouldn't buy it again .
it makes my face white and beautiful . it's easy to use and it smells good.but sometimes it cannot control my oily face .
i bought this because of the rave reviews but i am not sure if i like this product coz the coconut smell is way too strong .
perfect red is really the perfect red lipstick ! it's matte but not drying at all . the pigmentation is beautiful . it lasted all night . love !
the lotion works well but its very perfumed and the pump quit while there was still a fair amount left in the bottle .
i bought the shea butter to use in making all of my own soap and shampoo . perfect quality stuff , especially for the price .
this cream was suggested to me by my dermatologist . she provided a sample , and i was so impressed that i ordered more through amazon .
if you want to refresh your hair quickly or simply have a just washed look for one day , use psssssst instant spray shampoo .
nothing leaves skin more tingley-clean and soft as noxema . it's the only thing i use on my face . i love it .
you get what you pay for with this eyeshadow kit . the eyeshadow is goopy instead of like powder . don't waste your money !
this is the real deal konad plate but the designs are for people with really skinny or little nail beds ! ! !
this mud makes my skin feel great . and it cost a lot less than going to the spa and saves me lots of money .
this deep conditioner does a good job of conditioning my hair . i had no breakage the next day and it left my hair soft and manageable .
fantastic product - been using for a long time - my hair stylist recommended it for my hair thinning and it's absolutely amazing
my thick course hair didn't like this . i also don't prefer the smell . it may work for you , just not for me .
i love this brush ... it is great for blending product and although it is very fluffy , it has a very controlled blend .
they work great for what they are . they are shiny , sparkly , and stay on for a reasonable amount of time .
i love , love , love this product . its a nice shade of pink . it adds just the right amount of color to your lips .
it didn't stay on my lips but worst of all it got on my teeth ... which was pointed out by someone else ... embarrassing .
i was pleased with this purchase . i like that it goes on pretty easily and it lasts all day long .
works great for excessively dry skin and damaged hair ! makes my skin look and feel wonderful ! my daughter loves it too !
smells great and feels great . need a minimal amount of powder to apply to areas . i love the tingle and it gives me that fresh feeling everyday .
nice and great for everyday . my 15 year old niece wars it on the daily and it doesn't look to heavy or old .
this company has great customer service , they are a very honest company , i highly recommend them , nail soakers look fabulous xoxo , marjorie mora
i really like the color , and it goes on nicely . however , it doesn't last very long , so will not purchase again .
this works just as described . the polish stays on for weeks . the led is safer then the u v lamps . this was a great purchase .
i bought this as a gift for my teenage niece , she thought it was really pretty . there were not issues with it .
smells like bug repellant to me . i have no idea how this has so many good reviews . will be sending back .
so nice when you want to add a little sparkle to your outfit . looks great and lasts all night long !
this lipstick is a great color for me . ( peach ) it is comparable to a clinique lipstick that i own , and alot cheaper ! !
great set of detail brushes to use with anything , great little sizes , came protected very worth it cute little brushes
im a big liz claiborne fan i truly believe i ve worn just about every scent shes made . everything she makes leaves you feeling fresh and sexy .
i have some hairloss and thought this product would help . not much difference . may work for shedding but didn't work for me .
got dark after first use . but after a few times using i wasn't getting any darker . i only tan about 3 to 4 days a week .
it is good , natural , economical fairly smooth on my skin and lots of bubbles . smells nice but not long enough the scent goes away quickly .
i like that this acne product offers uv sun protection . goes on smooth and soft . does not dry out skin .
this is great .. goes on light so you don't mess your eyebrows up . i am not extremely impressed but it works .
i think the colors in this palette are so fun ! you can do a ton of looks with this , and the eye shadows are so soft .
loved getting it here . a little pricier than in the store but more readily available . i like that there is no benzoyl peroxide in it .
i've only used this one day , but so far i'm impressed . my skin seems a little smoother and tighter . my lines a little less pronounced .
this was purchased as a gift for a budding young make-up artist . evidently the various puffs make for perfect make-up blending .
cheap price , cheap product . but - it does the job ! it works fine , came on time , and i wear it everyday
check your records , i already reviewed this product . check your records , please , this is getting a tad annoying . i did this already
i love these whips ! i use them personally and in my professional makeup kit . i was happy when i discovered they are sold in a larger quanity .
loved this eyeliner ever since i saw a makeup artist use it on an e ! news show , it goes on pretty dark for a liquid eyeliner .
this perfume smell good and it last for a few days too it came on time and i give it and a for all area
these brushes are nice to work with and leave a nice smooth line or dot . they transfer the paint to nail nicely .
makes me feel dry and it wasn't worth the money for the small amount you get it doesnt seem like it will last long .
skintimate makes very nice shaving gel that also smells really nice and leaves your skin feeling soft i will be buying more
my friend that lives down the hall in my building was delighted to be able to give his mom a decent gift from the paris hilton collection .
im a hair stylist and these are great . they really help not leaving creasesiike butterfly clips . i use these in my own hair collection .
it does the job or removing polish quickly from your nails and doesn't harm your nails in the process . so it's strong but gentle .
this is a perfume my girlfriend had been wanting for quite some time and after i got it for her i understood why , it is awesome !
i would of course buy more of this product ... the best thing i ever got and it actually works ... so if you want it get it !
i like this product very much and i would recommend this its is easy to use and applyi would use black or clear both works well .
these rollers work even faster then a curling iron and you can do something else ( like makeup ) while they are working .
love this and though it was a really great deal and i liked the nippers and the cuticular around the nail bed
love this comb , it really combs out the tangles without tearing your hair out . nice and sturdy comb ! ! ! like it
it arrived packed well ... lots of suds on the washcloth or in the bath ... smells lovely and leaves you with a fresh feeling
this nail dryer is so cute and portable and very powerful for a little nail accesorie i just recieved it today and i love this nail dryer
love this lipstick . it is drying if you dont use the balm . the color lasts forever . i highly recommend it .
it wasnt what i expected i thot it wld be a deeper coral tone but it was way lighter than i expectedits still a pretty sublte coral color tho
it is fun doing designs with the different colors . its tricky doing this cuz im just starting to do designs.thanks
this is great mascara and it gives you nice volume without clumping . i will definitely order more in the future !
i love leopard print things and when i take this on jobs people always ask where did i buy it from ! it's the main attraction !
i use this to condition my hair and weaves every 2 - 3 weeks . it makes my hair so soft and healthy and it smells great .
i have sensitive skin and dove men + care sensitive shave gel does wonders for me as a college guy !
i have used it by itself and also in homemade lotions . i didn't feel that it was the liquid gold i had read all about .
i did receive this product for free , and i am so happy with it especially with summer right around the corner
adds a soft beautiful glow to face with no glitter just a light shimmer . nice high light . very pigmented a little goes a long way . recommend .
the best cotton swabs i have ever used . the stick is very strong and they have lots of cotton on the ends . really recommend them .
these are beautiful makeup brushes . the price is fantastic . i was amazed at the number of different brushes . you can't beat this price . thank you .
i have been using nioxin for years , and it nice not to have to pay such high prices for the formulas involved .
bday gift for a friend and she was able to display her polishes an organized manner . the assembling was very easy and no other tools are needed .
finally got the complete kabuki set , , this brush is excellent for applying concealer on the go or even contour your face with cream product .
my skin is very sensitive . my family uses dove soap but i still get irritated . overall , this product works well for me .
deep cleans and takes off all your makeup even waterproof makeup . i wouldnt recommend for dry skin though because it can leave it drier .
hard to apply , but once it is on it looks pretty . the darker colors are always harder to apply without mistakes .
love this alot , i use this in the morning and micro sculpting at night my skin stays soft all through the winter and no drying !
great size for personal use , my manicure stays on for always more than a week usually 2 . saved me a lot in manicures !
great product to clear skin without completely drying and flaking skin around blemish . i would definitely recommend this product to others .
this is one of the best eyeliners i've used it was cheap and worth every penny and more great product
amazing perfume . i loved its light . its definitely a night scent . very mysterious , deep sensuous kind of smell . its a steal for the price .
they're really pretty colors , alot fell out ; but i was pretty satisfied overall though . i honestly wouldn't mind buying again .
my face feels moisturized without feeling oily . absolutly no tightness , absorbs quickly without leaving your face shiny . only takes a small amount .
i love mash , love these stones and they are great for my nail art !
it's a bit drippy which means you need to be really careful not to get it on your skin or in your eyes .
does all it says it would . came with all the specified parts . i have only used it twice and it has cured the nails on both occasions .
i love the colors . i previously purchased a palette with different colors i use everyday .
really love this product . i've used it for a long time , and ordering it through this site is cheaper . it's always worked really well for me .
i've washed these quite a few times now ( line drying ) , and they're holding up perfectly . these are great moisturizing gloves .
oh yeah , these things work . amazing ! where have you been all my life , biore pore strips ? i'm a customer for life .
these are the best plates ive found , all the images transfer perfectly and are deep enough to transfer the whole image
this is nice and light . it goes on very smoothly . i have only been using it a few days but my skin is already softer and smoother .
did nothing whatsoever for my complexion . it cost enough and i expected to see some results , but saw nothing after over a month of regular use .
its got a nice scent to it .. pretty decent size as well . it works better as an exfoliate if u use with a loofah .
very sleek . got this after i shattered my old one . love the magnifier side-beware you will see a whole new side of your face lol .
smells just like it i have no more to tell . would buy again for sure . long lasting all day long .
great coverage , great colour for us pale people . the only problem i've found is i wish it lasted a little longer .
my hair has never seemed healthier or fuller . this product seems to help my hair hold a curl better . my hair looks and feels clean longer .
had to use a glue gun to make the tips of the brushes more sturdy . all in ask the brushes are great ... clean up very easily .
this lovely hair pen looks beautiful and is much easier on the hair than a scrunchy or band . it adds a little someting extra as well
item arrived quickly , as described and has worked beautiful . it is the same product you purchase at your local pharmacy or discount chain . i would purchase again
i made my own sulfur mix for my scalp , but i just couldn't get over the smell , even when i added peppermint and rosemary oil .
works great . nice set a a a a a a a a a a a a aa a a a .
i expected a bandaid type one time use wrapper , but you can actually use these over again . great product . will buy again .
there are so many nails and they are greatly organized ! so worth the money ! . i use these so much now !
this product works just like a regular salon dryer , just with a bonnet , and gets really hot , and the price you can't beat .
great value , great product . i received exactly what i ordered and was very pleased with it overall . will order again .
it didn't break on me like i thought it would & i have no idea what has happened to it so i had to buy another one .
i got these to try nail striping for the first time . i got a great assortment with almost no doubles . will definitely buy again !
color was fine on my medium brown yellow under tone african american skin .. still searching for the perfect shade tho
like perfect roses .. has great staying power and the price is great ... will always reorder this .. love it so much .. fast shipping and packaged nicely .
i received these polishes quickly and i love them . the blue one has become my favorite of the bunch so far ;-) .
this is a great eyeliner ! it is very smooth and glides on evenly and very easy to use will buy again .
the same as on photo , good smell of chocolate , take a liquid form from the heat of my heads , taste good too .
i usually try and stay with gentle face washes , this seems to work just fine though . even the gf likes it .
the right color the right feel and i get alot of you are beautiful ... i say thks , wow got to buy more of this ...
this will straighten your hair in one stroke . i love it . you can use it for big curls or small curls .
this is the best top coat i've had yet ! i love how its free shipping with prime , and it got here in one day !
i didn't expect as such big box as what i got.this works beautifully in your facethe rosy blushes are superwowi luv those shadeshighly recommended !
i was looking to try an nude and this color was perfect . nice nude color that goes on smoothly . totally recommend this .
loved every single product ! very worth it ! i liked the mascara and the primer a lot ! i will buy them again !
gave it to my son , he really like itnautica voyage by nautica for men . eau de toilette spray 1.7 oz
just beautiful smells like a dream ! the sent is always the same high quality you will just love it . you can't go wrong .
i didn't find that this was as good as all the other reviews were saying . it is decent , i was just expecting a lot more from it .
but after using it for a few months , i feel like it stopped doing its job . maybe i need to give it a break .
as far as affordable shampoo goes , this one works . i have very long curly hair and this is a nice alternative from a shampoo bar .
it's my second bottle . will use it till i use gelisch polish . highly recommended for those who use harmony polish at home
i like that the nails cover the hole nail but : he shopping is slowi still have nat gotten the order at all or no were it is .
will continue to buy it is worth every dollar well expend , will buy more and more , the more the better
so bright . it did last . everyone gave me compliments on the color . i'll be wearing it next spring and summer again !
this product works well . i will order another for my 2nd bathroom . i hope i don't have to constantly be ordering replacement hand soap .
great product , really leaves your hair feeling silky and in better condition . i found it to be a good detangler too .
i have used this product ( night only ) for months and see big difference on my skin . overall , i would recommend this product to everyone .
the product is ok and i will use up what i bought but i'm not sure if i'll buy it again .
i love this silicone mat to place my iron curling on it . it's quit ok fr me but the shipping price is a little bit too high .
a great green stamping polish to use for stamping christmas images and other images . i would recommend this product for stamping
i love the colors and the look however i have to use a lot of it when i put it on or it will fade off quickly
awesome stuff i love how i can basically wear it as a primer under my makeup calms my skin and less oiliness i see .
what a great product ! the crazy wand reaches places a traditional brush cannot . great for lower and / or inner lashes . thanks !
excellent timing , was shipped 4 weeks early . only bad comment is one of them came with a broke point lucky i don't use that size !
kinda a small amount of eye shadow but the color combinations will work great . love the purple . the other colors will complement nicely .
waste of money ! ! ! doesn't stay in mouth . you would have to wear them a lifetime for any changes to be noticed ! !
i've been using sigma brushes for a while after reviewing numerousyou tube videos of make up artist . good product .
i love this lipstick so amazing and bright ! i can't wait for the summer to use shocking coral . i am def considering buying different colors .
it's just ok . the dropper doesn't work that well , and it's very thick . i added some filtered water to make it easier to spread .
priced ame very quickly and this pencil is exacly what i was looking for . thanks you very much . i aapreciate it .
my hair on top is very thin due to meds and age , when i use the product after i do my hair , it makes it look fuller .
i was looking a pencil for my eyebrow . this is perfect . perfect ending . my eyebrow look natural and the color stay all the day.thanks
with newly natural african american hair , it made my hair very dry , i didn't like it at all , will not be ordering again .
lovely rose fragrance , smells so good , apply just a tiny amount that enough for a lasting fragrance all day long .
i think the colors are nice , but it's pretty small . one color is just about the size of a dime .
the colors are cute just need two coats of it the two blue colors are great my favorite the others are great two
one of my co workers walked in wearing this fragrance and i had to have it , smells amazing and lasts all day long !
i love this shade of lipstick . unfortunately it has been discontinued . hopefully they will bring it back - maybe without eva's name on it ?
the wigs looks nothing like the photo very short wig fits like a childs wig very small i dont like the wig at all
i've been using along with other nia 24 products and i think i see a difference .
professional hair stylists love this product for a reason - it works ! it holds your hair , is brushable and makes your hair shiny . perfect !
i love the scent of most burt's bee's products , but the fragrance of this is quite strong and doesn't agree with my skin or my nose .
real techniques is a fabulous brand . the bristles are soft . the application is even and perfect . this brush is an excellent addition to your makeup collection
perfect black color , goes on smooth , looks great for black tips with some glitter or for a design , looks good
the colors are great . goes on smooth and stays on all day . i will definitely reorder this eye shadow in other colors .
fresh smelling , light souffle texture . i didnt know i was getting two . that was a bonus . works a treat as a leave in conditioner .
it is nice and good one i like them it comes with 6 wheels combo set nail art nailart manicure rhinestones glitter tips deco + 2x dotting pen + glue
it is a red and silver glitter . i have another china glaze pure joy that is a red and gold glitter . almost the exact same polish .
just perfect - i have used this for 15 years and keep coming back to it . goes on easily , dries quickly .
it stands up to the name fast top nail top nail coat . i never sit still after painting nails so i know using this product really works .
i use this product as a workout enhancer , it helps be sweat like crazy , great for getting rid of water weight
love this product . cute colors , very sturdy . handy for small finishes on manicures ! adds character and color to a simple manicure !
they are great colors and they hold well dont chip and flake to easy , well packaged fast delivery love the colors.good coverage.drys easy looks great .
the color is amazing , looks great on my full lips a great neutral lip . it was a little more in price then mac but worth it !
excellent quality and shine . i have now used this several times and is to date my favorite gel base and top . stays shiny for weeks !
nice product leaves hair shiny , healthy and bouncy . it does help with colored hair . so try it out for it is dermatologicalye tested
great lightweight oil absorbs very quick . does not make skin blemishes . can be used on both hair and skin . works great with hands as well .
got way more than i expected in those little bottles . all 12 are filled to the top with stars flowers and hearts
this is a nice soap that deep cleans and has helped with my daughters pimples . it smells nice and clean and great for daily use .
lots of choices for your nails and still a good deal , i'm fairly sure there is not 1200 in the pack but i like them .
the only thing this product elimited was my money . i guess it fails in the truth department on its advertising .
bristles seem very still and irritating , and when this brush got wet my whole shower smelled like a locker room the next day .
great product without the steep price . works just as well as the top of the line brushes . save money and buy this instead
love it ! ! ! it was a bit more smaller than i thought it was be , but overall im satisfied with it .
i really like it if you have short nail i don't this plate is for you except they single stamps at the top . but over all nice plate
this color is so pretty . it looks great alone or ontop of another polish . it's a sheer and sparkley color . very flattering on the hands .
i don't see much difference , to be honest . i've been using it for over a month and have seen no results .
the price is awesome for these brushes ! ! ! the quality is great and the variety is amazing . i use these daily and they are awesome !
these wheels give you enough practice to perfect your technique.easy to us but will break off i flicking back on no one knew the difference .
it looks like the pic and i use it every nightit is a good productioni got it on time
this smells nice but after repeated use it kinda left my hair feeling heavy . would only use once or twice a week
i did not received my item . would have really like a new one but was too afraid to try my luck and it might get lost again .
this burt's bee naturally ageless serum is wonderful . i like it a lot , you only need to use a little and you see the differents right away .
this is the best soap , its ivory and free of irritants plus it has aloe which makes leaves your skin even softer .
love this bag ; it is big enough to keep all 3 pairs of my sunglasses in it and it fits in my purse so no more sunglass-forgetting .
i like all the shades this concealer , conceals spots but not as good as iman secret cover , it's just ok
i have very dry skin and i mix a little of this with my moisturizer and my skin feels soft all day
perfect , due to a busy schedule , plus it was cheaper than the price ( s ) at a brick and mortar store which has worldwide stores .
product was way cheaper then retail and was delivered super quick and in great quality .
this product has propelyn glycol in it . not completely natural . they do state this on the amazon website though .
not what i expected . the bottles are very cheap and they do not look professional at all . would recommend other acrylic powders .
the cap is too big for me and i can't keep the hair out of my face because of the way hair line is .
the rhinestone is fantasticas it shown in the picturemay be betteryeah i didnt like the lengthbut i will wear it for my weddingthank u
have not used this product . can't say weather i liked it or not . i just ordered something that goes with this product .
this is the favorite of my niece and so i was pleased to be able to get it for her so now she walks thru life surrounded by happiness
beautiful color , great packing . i thought the size quite small , tho . but it comes in 2 , so i think we can relevate that xd
this is a great product ! my face felt so soft and smooth without having the red skin my sensitive skin gets from my normal facial scrub .
a bright grape with no shimmer / no glitter . just a great purple . would look great with sparkle tips ! a big bottle too !
i have short hair and i can only use a couple pumps . it really weighs my hair down . really don " t see any shine either .
i was pleased with the color pallet and variety it contained . have used it multiple times and been pleased with the results .
very shear . havent tried using a color under it or wetting my brushh but without anything . u can barely see it
this smells great . i hate body lotions and since i started bying this on amazon , i nevef stopped yet .. we are kn our fifth jar .
this lotion is very greasy . it made my skin feel very oily . it didn't really smell good or bad . would not buy again .
love this . for some reason i thought it was gonig to have different size gems but i re read it and then saw there were all the same size
i have used joan river fill in powder for years and it works well for me . even my md could not tell my hair was thin ,
love this .. it's a great moisturizer with no smell . i'm highly sensitive to smells so this works great for me . i use it twice a day .
this product works on hands feet etc . and is really great when you need more than just every day lotion . absorbs really quick .
i've tried several different gel polish but this is far better than any out there . plus , this comes in huge size . luve it .
very nice set of nail plates . would purchase winstonia again . stamp transfer is fantastic ! so many nice design to choose from !
this is a nice parfume for a older womandidnt care for it allit smells like a 70 year womandidnt like
i have this in auto-ship so i don't ran out . good housekeeping rated this as the best eye cream.it ' s moisturizing but not greasy .
i just used it with my nails to remove some nail polish and they are looking good . i mean , it is moisturizing enought for me thou :)
i gave this powder two stars because even though the coverage was natural and light , after about two hours the powder seemed to disappear from my face .
this product has saved my hair ! since i started using this for the past 2 years ... i have used nothing else .
at least when i'm doing small jobs i can do it without my nails looking crazy . i will continue to buy more products like this .
this pins do not hold your hair up . they're very wide open and i wasn't even able to tighten them .
i haven't tried any other brand but i am satisfied with this product . i would buy it again when i finish it .
this product works well it has a good smell and i would recommend to those with very dry hair as a moisture treatment
smells good and gets the job done . i don't have any complaints . if i see it on sale again i will probably buy another bottle .
nice and moisturizing but too greasy for my face , so i use it on my neck only . and the and
this top coat dries super fast , and leaves my nails smooth and shiny.it ' s the perfect finish for every polish i've used .
once my son reports - during his spring break - i'll remember to post a rating for this product . i beat is as good as advertised .
what a great starter kit ! and at an amazing price ! i would love to get this for sister who loves make up and playing with colors !
love this conditioner , especially when used with the matching shampoo . it keeps my hair soft and detangled and very easy to blow dry .
i use this once a week to relieve stress and a mineral bath is fantastic . i only use this product and use half the recommended measurement .
white first coat and then black second coat . ugh . i like the formula that is a black / black formula . ugh . ugh .
i try this for only one week an i start to breakup not for me , maybe is the perfume on it
this brush really helps me target the inner portion , and outer portion for that matter , of my eyelid vs . the entire lid .
too cool . these are so great even for me . they work for nifty card designs , too . i enjoy putting them in for gifting .
this is the palette to use if you are needing a combo of colors . beautiful colors and great pigmentation . :-) :-) :-)
i havent had a chance to use the stamps but i received the complete set and the designs were great . this was a good set for the price .
i would definitely recommend this blow dryer to anyone drys your hair quick and easy to use i have nothing bad to say
this sunblock has a nice light masculine scent . it goes on and spreads very easily . had no complaints after using this for a day at the beach .
apply on nose and wait long . like 10 min.dont move nose or chin . hold steady.at the end pull out fast . works great
great nail gems , small but cute and lots of shapes . can't go wrong for the price !
i had high hopes for this brush but heir imitation beauty blender is wayyyy better for foundation .
love these pumps . i didn't know they sold them online . so convenient for my large bottles of shampoo / conditioner . great price !
really soft , nice product , totally worth it , authentic bought for my mom and ordered another for myself would reomend to anyone
love this hair oil . great for the itchy scalp ! i bought two bottles just in case .. ☺ highly recommend it.great for my hair
cute for natural nail or acrylic . solid colors and flat backed . somewhat difficult to use on natural nail if the person's nail is naturally curved though .
well worth the money . at christmas time i bought this as a small gift to go with another one and it made such a big difference .
helps prevent my hair from breaking . i saw a youtube video that's what it's for . my hair doesn't get many split ends anymore .
looks just like the picture , it's great . i got it because i wanted hair like taylor momsen . only problem i've had is it tangles easily .
i use this brush all the time . it is awesome to apply a light converge for foundation , blending harsh lines , applying cream blushes etc .
the dark is too dark and does not compare to the one i bought at sephora . this bb cream seems different to the real one .
i love love love this oil ! clears my face pretty well when needed ! moisturizes it well too ! will definitely buy more once i run out .
i have been looking for a combinations of oils for my hair that is light in weight . love the oils in this and my hair smells nice .
i think the product is great for all hair types for not only is it good for regular hair but also for colored treated and damages .
this is meant for little girls i think . it barely fits my 9 year old daughter , and it definitely does not fit me . very pretty though .
i really like this gel top coat seal . it makes your nail look like glass . very pretty i like ok
i like it , i just was expecting it to be more shimmery but it was packaged good and the colors are pretty .
this hair dryer has a low speed that is just right for me . i am pleased with the vidal sassoon dryer .
i have long natural spirl curls and i love this product ! as a leave is to style with its amazing !
i love aragon oil ! elma & sana's product is awesome , i used it every night and in all my lotions for that extra moister .
i can't always run to the salon when a nail snaps , so this is the next best thing . definitely recommend .
i have to raving statements on this product . i purchased because a friend mentioned it was good for dry hair .
these little clippy nail guard thingys work very well and they are too cute . my mom and little goddaughter absolutely love them ^ _ ^
i was very disappointed when i received this product broken . it looks like it may have made a great mirror but i'll never know .
but it could be great with a little more effort in the designing of the product . thanks , but no thanks .
this product works wonders to restore those gooey old nail polishes back to life . this is my favorite product of all time .
best eyeliner . you have sooooooo much control with this pen . i love it . easy to carry around and i love how black it is ! !
the eclipse palette is smaller in size compared to the camouflage palette--practically half the size , actually . i wasn't expecting that .
i have very thick hair and it takes forever to dry.now with this hair dryer , it takes me no time to have my hair looking great !
myriad of colors and very cool and convenient case . they are difficult to put on by yourself but i did purchase the pen set to put on .
i order this every month . great hair color for my very gray roots . leaves my hair in great condition .
this color is so beautiful , it last in your nails for a really long time . this is one of my favorite pinks by opi .
are the best this one is for a gift but i have a few myself . i have honeydew and the alice in wonderland ones also and there amazing .
i love this polish ! my nails look healthy and neat . i most definitely will be a repeat customer . my tips whitened and the nail beds pinked .
is cute and sturdy . i have worn in and it beats the bulky bandana . my daughter has worn it so it had proven to be study quality .
keep the small one in my purse for windy days outside . the larger brush works as expected . love it . would recommend for detangling and hair maintenance .
love this colour . currently have this colour on and wears very well and the red is deep , rich . i get a lot of compliments on them .
very good product , fast shipping and have used it before , color is good for blondes , very good as far as using it to cover spots
this collection seems to have every cosmetic brush known to woman accept the triangular one . i like it.renee evers
love the butterfly clamps . my hair washing usually lasts for 1 hour but now that i have the clamps , it only last around 30 minutes .
i dont feel this soap does anything special . i've always used dial soap but i thought i'd give this a try . i still prefer my dial soap .
best lipstick for long lasting wear . stays on almost all day depending on the color . excellent product and would buy again .
it's pretty over powering coconut and pinapple smell . doesn't work as well as other products i've used . i use it as a back up .
my daughter loves this and it looks beautiful on her . the gold design is not hard and is very comfortable .
they was a very strange smell in these brushes and holder . not sure what it was , but did not want the brushes anymore .
matches my hair color and applies very well . price is right and would buy again . good value for the money .
my mom had got this perfume earlier in the year and she told me she loves it so i bought a second one for her . she loves it !
came in several smaller bags and were as expected . they are small , as described . will work perfectly for the purpose that they were purchased for .
very happy with the price and size of this bottle . don't waste your money buying this at the drugstore ... it's much more affordable through amazon ...
i'm a redhead , with problems with the frizzes especially in our typically humid summers . this is a great product for helping without seeming oily or adding weight .
i always lose hair elastics so i was excited to find this on amazon . i also like that they have it as a subscribe and save .
hi . it's really bouffant . not real silk , and it gets in the way while sleeping .
there is just enough power in this little unit to complete both a manicure and a pedicure . i love all the attachments .
this seriously upgraded my makeup routine . it really makes me look like i have sculpted features . i love it and will be buying it again .
i love the scent of this hand liquid soap . i did not feel any dryness on my hands . would recommend this product .
love the smell and it is very soothing when i want to relax and treat myself to a foot soak !
i enjoy using this about once a week , it always makes my face feel really clean and my pores seem smaller
this is perfectly good makeup , and cover girl is a good brand , but the container and applicator are tricky and messy to use .
i like to keep these little sticks in my diaper bag and purse . they're especially handy on those unplanned trips to the park !
this does a great job and delivers the results it promises . smells like fresh herbs . good value and lasts a long time .
i regret buying this product it didnt seem to work at all with me i tried it several times but nothing
i am happy with the quality of this product . i am anxious to see the results it will render . i will buy again .
not icky , not sticky , just nice and a great price too . works well with the nuface device as a conductive gel .
i was very pleased with this purchase and like the item very much this eyeshadow is very shimmery and lookwonderful on your eyelids i definetly recommend this product .
these are great for morning face and hand wipes as well as on the road . i like the smell actually .
love this make-up . i have tried many ( seems like all ) foundations . i have found this to be my fav . great price .
i love using this product on my face every morning it definitely takes all the black heads this was a great purchase .
this brush works great for my toddler's curly hair . easily works through tangles - wet or dry - and doesn't hurt her head . i recommend this brush .
is great for the hair and the smell and leaves as natural as possible the hair . totally recomend it . a
we bought these for a halloween costume and they worked out to be a very good addition . i would recommend these .
didn't work for me but some positives . it made my hair speel good and it also made my hair less greasy . not gonna buy this again though
it does not work fine with my skin , it make my skin very dry even with using the moisturize creams .
helloi just loved how the shimmy colors were ; they were great on the eyesi got lots of compliemtsthank youu
this cream is so moisturizing , and creamy . i use it on my face , neck , and décolletage . it helps to soften the lines .
my favorite lipstick on the marketi buy up this shade when ever i can find it ~
love the classic black color , looks clean and professional . lots of storage space inside to fit all my tools . love the convenience of the rolling wheels .
i havent had it long enough to know if it truely works on my hair.the smell is not as bad as others make it out to be .
very cute and well made . can hold a nice amount of product . very affordable . i love it . great for use as an overnight type case .
i don't use product in my hair everyday , but when i do i only use this . great lift . not too stiff . love this stuff .
these replacement brushes enable me to continue using my facial cleaner product and it was cheaper than other sites , the stores do not sell replacements .
i love this oil , it is light and smells wonderful ! ! great for after the shower ! will be buying again ! !
this is the best nail file for natural nails , period . no snagging or peeling , in fact , your nail edges are as smooth as glass !
i love these stamping plates . there are a lot of different designs to choose from . really am enjoying how the images blend together so nicely .
this is a great way to try a variety of colors . each little bottle is bright and colorful , easy to put on .
these are really neat , attractive design and easy to use . i am a novice and think are perfect for beginners .
don't like the way this product feels on my skin . just give me a good mild cleanser such as purpose so my skin feels clean and fresh .
i have seen a slight difference when using , but it does make my skin very dry . overall , i don't think i will purchase this again .
threw these away after two uses . they are dull and awkward to use . typical drugstore fare - you get what you pay for .
there are so many ways to use to really dice up your nail routine . easy to use and gets attention .
love this product . incredibly thick and creamy . dove makes great hair care products and this is one of my favorites . smells great too !
nice smooth blush that is workable . this shade is pretty dark though for me . it is a very nice purse size .
this is an awesome color if you are looking for a lipstick that is strikingly hot pink . also it goes on very smooth and looks great all night .
i got this product for my girlfriend and she loves it , this is her second one but i have to say the product work really good awesome ...
worked only about a week then my scalp started to scale again . maybe a higher percentage of coal tar would be better .
haven't seen any results yet , hope that it works before it runs out or i'll probably not reorder this item .
this brush is sooooo soft on my skin . i want to buy more . it glides and blends beautifully ! ! every diva needs this brush !
i don't love the color but bought ' cause my name is suzi :) i do love o p i though ! thanks !
not knocking just for me products but this did not work for my daughter's hair . it straightened but it didn't curl her hair .
this topcoat is perfect for all manicures and pedicures it leaves your nails looking very shiny and it dries very quickly i would definitely recommend it .
i use this product in making my body lotions . also use it on my cuticles and lips periodically as an extra moisture boost . highly recommend !
very pretty for the price . colors are not spot on to the pic , but matchy matchy is so 1995 anyway ;)
i have used this product for about 6 years . light and natural looking . good coverage . like the spf in it too . try it !
this is the best vegan eye liner i have found ! the color lasts and is pretty solid ( like , not watery ) . impressed .
just wait until you try it , you'll see what i'm talking about when i say your face is smooth , and shiny ; so clean !
love the youth dew fragrance . it's been a favorite for a long time . so convenient to purchase it here ! ! thanks !
this tool will last you forever . clean cuts the nail , sharp , and i love that it is stainless steel . ergonomically sound too !
i purchased reb'l fleur by rihanna , 3.4 ounce , eau de parfum spray as a gift for my girlfriend ... she loves it
i've been ordering it for years . love the smell and it hydrates my skin and hair very well . highly recommended .
these are really nothing special . they don't look that good on ur nails , i like the reg rhinestones better . still cute .
i love watts products . love them ! but this one made me break out terribly . ill stick to their other goodies
i use this to build my gel nails and have never had any issues or problems with it . very nice product !
i have used a lot of eyelash curlers over the years but this is by far the best curler for the price !
the color is not for everyone but it was worth a try i wear it over a darker liner and it keeps everything in place
cheaper then buying in the store . like these can do my own designs . the price is right but took some time to deliver
got this for my 17 year old she does nail what a great price and she loves it helps her go faster on nails love amazon
overall i loved this pack . they do stretch out a bit but there was good variety and nice colors . great value .
helped some , mostly a moisturizer to use in winter . some other 4.5 star products may shrink bags or lighten circles better
still trying to figure this one out.not as easy as one two three like they say . not real impressed at all .
this is the most effective product i've tried so far to diminish the bags under my eyes . i am 69 and use it before my moisturizer .
i am used to waterproof mascara and found this flaky . it also comes off easily so don't wear it if you have watery eyes .
i tried this polish on black and it stood out very well . against other lighter colors .. not so much . but the consistency is great .
this gets all makeup including eye makeup off ! doesn't over dry and helps with breakouts , highly recomend this , no needed eye makeup remover .
this perfume makes a wonderful gift . it has a delightful scent that isn't over-powering . and the bottle is very pretty .
great substitute for image sunscreen , great little pump type bottle too ! it is also very affordable and recommended by my dermatologist if you are on a budget .
fast shipping and exactly as they described it . perfect for practicing nail art as well as displaying it :) i recommend it :)
these are awesome , but t he only thing i did not appreciate was that they doubled and trippled some colors
this feels good on my face and i use it at night.would recommend this for night time routine and daily use .
love this facial pad . i order them whenever i'm low . keeps my skin soft and smooth . i recommend this product .
i have very frizzy hair and this conditioner smooths hair , leaves it shinny . straightning is much easier . i will definitely purchase again . good product ! !
the bristles are soft , it works great at removing blackheads from my face . i will buy this product again when needed .
i bought these for cutting split hairs . it does the job well . i like the small size of these shears .
i am very disappointed in this cream . i have been using it faithfully for 3 wks . now and not a bit of change .
it is very soft and it complety together and it came early very happy with this product
i've used it a few times on the top of a full face of makeup . idk if i've noticed a huge diff when i do ...
i bought shea butter to make my own products for my skins and hair . excellent price for 6 great deal .
it adds a beautiful shimmer with light color to any look , transforming the eyes from a conservative work-day look to a fun , sparkly night-time look .
love this color , wearing it right now . it's like a dark red orange color . great for summer .
product is as good as it gets.love the color works good will buy again when i run out ! happy stamping .
like the product . deff . gives me tingly feeling on my lips but when applying it . the plump side broke off easily so be careful when you applying
looked all over for a pouf with a handle on it . i found this one and it does the job perfectly ! !
this really did nothing for me - i now use a spray bottle filled with water and a few drops of lavender oil and it works just as good .
i was very surprised with this face cream , it is so light , it covers all my imperfections and my face looks flawless . excellent product .
i think this oil is very great . cheap price , good quality and very good packaging . im happy i bought this
good quality is worth the money small u can use it on regular nails n fake nailsthanks for sending it early then the date u say .
just got this yesterday ! but love it . soft a good amount of hair - clips look great ! plan to use for the first time tomorrow .
the mascara itself is ok but the brush clumps your lashes not enough bristles on it and puts too much on
colors are not pigmented , looks like an armature makeup artist kit . perfect for someone in high school . coastal scents has better pigmented shadows and blushes .
i use this almost everyday . i get so many compliments . it has a sweet smell . very fun and happy scent .
works great . perfect for what i wanted to do . yes slumber partys nails partys dot tool and konad nail stamper
this is the most heavenly scented leave in conditioner ever - and it works well too ! great for kids . smells good & works great .
great for the price . i've been using it every other day and it has held up well . gets hot quick and produces a good amount of steam .
i love love this turban wrap , i get compliments on it all the time , it fits well . i will recommend
nice for nail art i love this it's many different colors i can do nails forever . a neat little tray that works out well .
not only does it do a great job cleaning , it makes puppy soooo soft and smell so good ! we use it weekly .
great quality product . i used it to make body butter and it works excellent . i mixed it with coconut oil and olive oil .
i loved this color from the bottle but when applied to my fingernails , it looked cheap . it's just a personal preference but i wouldn't buy it again .
this is ok for a cleanser but i did not see any other benefits and for the price there should be more you get out of it .
i purchased this and feel it works very well and is reasonable priced . the seller sent the package in a timely manner .
i love the amount of control you have when putting it on . i love how dark it is and how smooth it goes on , perfect !
this is not as good as some other john frieda products . i will not order again . i was unhappy with this one .
not at all what i was hoping it would be but works okay for what it says . however , i would not recommend it .
i love peter thomas roth products and especially his shampoo , would recommend it to anyone who is thinking about it .
large container , good value . just what i wanted . i would recommend this to everyone who is looking for great exfoliation .
i used this argan oil with my hsi professional flat iron and it works great ! leaves hair straight and smooth for days ! has a lovely fragrance also .
i have seen these at fairs for more money . this was a gift for family that enjoys doing nails at home .
this product is awesome ! the price is right for this product and and it's super easy to use on your face .
the color is pretty . it didn't brush on very well ( some nails darker than others ) maybe have to try lighter strokes when putting the polish on .
i love this scent from vs . the bottle needs updating but the scent is still one of their best . very happy !
ok these 5 pc acrylic art uv gel carving pen liquid powder brushes are really really nice and they are cute too
indeed this is a good dupe for nars org . and i will always order sleek makeup . it is a gorgeous blush .
i use this to put on my false eyelashes and i love it . it helps keep them on all day !
i use it about onces a week make my skin feel really cleanmake my skin feel really nice and clean
i always use the regenerist line . this is a good product at a good price .
i get everything in order the product . this product was what i expected , fulfilled my expectations and arrived in perfect condition . i thank you .
this polish is so sleek and beautiful . beats having to go to a nail shop and pay a lot of money .
i used this to cut some layers into my curly hair and they worked just great ! strong , sharp and did exactly what i needed them to do .
good coverage and very moist consistancy.cover girl teaming up with olay is a verygood match ! the yellow tone of the concealerseems to work well on dark circles .
softens and removes cuticles . i like doing my own mani's and pedi's but don't like cutting my cuticles . this does the job .
as a latina user i was hoping for a richer tone , this wasnt it . the quality is good . too big for a purse .
this product is just ok , i will stick to the bar soaps like black soap instead since they work much better
i was surprise this white is better than the sally hansen and opi ! very white and very easy to apply evenly .
heard that this product worked very well from cosmeotologist , ordered and received many compliments . have referred others to this product
it stays on all day and applies very nicely . the only reason it gets four stars is because it can be clumpy sometimes
going back to old school rolling ( african american ) , does not tug at hair or scalp . easy to sleep ! fast delivery !
thought this was going to be a white liquid sand but , it has more of a silver hue to it .
this makeup provides good coverage . but , it is just as messy as the other loose powder foundations .
i loved these clips , i make bows for my daughter and niece and these work out great ! i will definitely be ordering more .
i got exactly what i ordered . the colors are beautiful . it's exactly what you see on your computer . i'm happy .
l o o o o o o o o o v v v v e e e e i i i t so much
love the color ; nice and creamy ; not drying at all ; has long staying power as i use it as a lipstick and not a liner .
i got these cause they had plus ance treatment in the pads . overall great product i would recomend this to anyone
great base to help show coloured eyeshadows more.is not very pigmented so goes on a clear white.hold shadow well .
expensive & i think it only works with the acne gel ( also by pca ) but the two together do a good job at keeping my skin clear .
smells lovely and is matte and has a deep brown pigment . i liked how it wasn't sparkly or orange toned .
works really well and isn't full of junky cheap chemicals like other lotions . it's not cheap , but worth it for me .
protects against the humidity for 24 hours . works well with the series the flat iron spray , oil and shampoo conditioner , leaves my hair lightly conditioned .
this is a great product and offers good coverage with . i like this product on my acrylic nails and i am able to go longer between fills .
this is a great foundation . it makes skin look flawless and beautiful . it can be applied on the face and eyelids . i recommend buying it ! !
great bronzer , the aroma is not that bad , plus after tanning there is still a nice fragrance , unlike some products after you have tanned .
the was recommended by my dermatologist . i know it's a great product but it's just so expensive . to prices for my purse .
i have been using fairly regularly for two months and do not notice any improvement at all . i am going to see if i can return it .
i haven't really see a different about this product and i have used it for like 5-6 times now . but the shipping was awesome .
love this stuff smells wonderful i have it in every thing they make . toilet bowl cleaner household dish liquid and hand soap
i read so much about this on you tube . purchased it for my sister for christmas . she fell in love instantly .
i enjoyed this product nice and simple . i wouldn't buy it again didn't see much improvement of my skin and side the entire line of profits .
i love opi products , but since the color is unusual , i love it even more ! it is bright and summery in these wintery months !
love all the different bright colors . i can mix and match and blend and thats awesome . cant wait to order more
i got this plate the same day i got my bundle monster set . wow hands down konad are the best second to none .
product . very good lotion . apply on face after you use the skin renewal face peel . i would recommend for guys and girls .
this probably works for some people and not for others . i didn't see much happening for me and tried something else .
i worked with plastic surgeons for years and they love this product . the best product for mature skin and for improving your look .
these didn't work as i had hoped . it is easier and faster just to soak my fingertips in a shallow dish .
still trying these , so far so great ! nice , no taste , easy to swallow , skin seemed more supple after a week
these work wonders ! whenever my hair needs a little touch up these are perfect ! nice and sharp too . would recommend !
little small and need to buy for usinglook same with picgot it on timenot work quick but is good
since taking this supplement i am told by friends and strangers alike that my skin looks amazing . i'm ordering more ...
great color goes on well . i bought this for the holidays but it is so fun that you can wear anytime .
excellent scrub , i use this also on my body and it feels great .
i love rhinestones and these were a nice addition to my collection , i actually used these to bling out a tee-shirt and they worked like magic !
great simple curling iron , hair stays frizz free throughout the whole day . the infiniti heats up quickly and curls easy . great buy !
they are ok but i could have lived without them ... didn't pay much but i think i will use the tin foil method ...
i've used this mascara several and i happen to like it . great lash is an american icon when it comes to mascaras .
thankyou for these amazing nails i love them so much and now have have nails to do my designs on (: thanks
this set sits on my manicure table and my clients comment on how beautiful it is every day . love it .
i really like this very soft pink color . i'm still not convinced that the cnd vinylux product is any better than regular nail polish .
myn ex boyfriend introduced me to this perfume and so i bought it . its good and smells really good all my friend s love it
what i like about body butter is that unlike lotion it gets absorbed into the skin so you don't have that sticky feeling . it also smells great ..
this product is excellent . i always use the all covergirl product . this product is fantastic . the face is beatifull with this product .
i love the palettes ! ! it have great colora and an excellent variety to choose from when working with specific colors .
since this is beautiful natural pink in a neutral color and the original lip is shown more finely , i like this lipstick very !
came on time , was what i ordered . not much to say it is a good product i have used for two years now .
hope i never have to change hair sprays .. i love this one ... have used it for years .. great for baby fine hair ...
i really like this product . i've been using it for sometiome now . it works really well on my fine curly hair .
i love the product and i will order some more i like the smell and it works my hair is growing
these all work fine , especially for the money . i just wish it had a temperature control . they curl well and i will get my money's worth .
cristophe professional glossing shampoo is a great product that does exactly what it says - leaves hair silky and shiny and feeling great . recommended .
this hairdryer works perfectly and is easy to use . it looks nice and i have had no problems with it .
i like them very natural nd they stay on they don't look fake at all very good price would buy again
this is an excellent moisturizing gel oil , i have sjogrens syndrome disorger and it works great on my dry skin .
this oil has a very thick consistency and it's great for homemade skin recipes and it's amazing for dry skin ... love it
this lip balm is almost as wonderful as their norwegian hand cream ( which is the best ) , now i have two favorites neutrogena products
beautiful color , looks great on . creamy and shiny . color stays on and looked good between nail appointments . highly recommended , just really beautiful
love this cream .. leaves my skin feeling soft and even though i am prone to real outs this works really well
great product ; leaves my scalp moisturized , and my hair shiny and healthy looking . i would recommend this product to friends and family .
use these for fine detail on face painting . work really well . would be good for any craft / hobby where fine detail is needed .
the brushes are all good and different sizes , soft and flufy and has an amazing foldable case for easy storage
i got lucky when i bought this one ~ ! nice smell and for the price ; you can't beat it ! very good deal .
great product ... cream to keep area moisturized and then awax type element that i use to prevent crow's feet . i think it works ! !
great color with the quality you expect from opi . i was in search for a light purple lilac color . it's lovely .
this stuff is awesome ! odorless and high quality . shipment was quick . amazing on my skin ! i will absolutely order more !
nice texture , great coverage . i wish it was a little bit bigger . but at the end it is a fine product of coastal scents .
so far it's holding up . not to expensive , easy to build.wish it was bigger . other than that . it does what it suppose to .
they are big and raise pretty high off the nail , but they make the right statement . they are definitely worth having in your collection !
very nice color , great price , and it's very longlasting :d buy this color if you're looking for a nice lavendar color
i love the summer pink . it goes on smooth and the color stays on all day . totally recommend . they come in a ton of colors
great color but very small bottle with a large price . only a little dab will do it , so maybe that's why the bottle is small .
same thing as at the salon with out the big prce of the salon . i would order this again ! ! i love it !
the product really works ... and de-tangles my flowing hair . it is awesome if you're going swimming too or you're in humid florida
this product would be rated at least a four if it didn't break so quickly . it lasted me about three weeks . i was very dissapointed .
and she loves it . i also use 100 % aloe to seal the cuticles of the hair after shampooing as well .
dark & lovely never disappoints , it was just as it is on the box , color matched and everything ; i'm satisfied
i didn't like this mostly because it burned my eyes ! ! it also seemed to really dry out my skin . won't be buying again .
this is a good price , the product is the best for it's purposes . i have used generic swabs in the past the qtips are the best
even though i did not see any magic after using this cream for one week . but it did make my skin more moisture .
not happy , hurts and although it removes white / black heads , it's not very effective . will not re-purchase again . i'm not happy .
i have an average asian head but this head band was very tight . however it was very cute and works with a lot of dresses that i have .
very good quality ! my childrens loved : invisible , rub-free , quick drying , and non-greasy !
mattes out any and all brand polishes including gel ! use over top coat for a longer lasting matte and make sure you cap .
not as great of a color pay off as i had hoped and it applied a bit streaky , its ok
i feel like my face is getting cleaned but the brush head is not too hard and harsh on my face . i would recommend this .
they took a little longer than usual to get , but these are worth the wait . fantastic for the price , lots of different colors to chose from .
i give it a 4 star rating because goes on smoothly but it doesn't make my lashes look as long as i'd like them to be .
great quality product , holds up very well . i use it for my hair and add product into it.good stuff ! !
good wig cap ! not much else you can say about one soooo do do dahh dahh dooo dood dodododoo daaah
honestly , this is the best . i will never switch to anything else . =) it really does accentuate my eyes ! thank you !
i really like this eye cream , if you have dark circles then this works wonders you need to allow around 2 weeks to see any results
i have been using this for years and really like it . it makes your face feel so soft after using it .
quick delivery . product as described . i love this on my nails ! i would recommend this to anyone into nail art .
i love these jars ! i use them for my whipped she butter ! they are big and easy to store . i also got them fairly quick .
this is a nice size and i can get all my hair up and in it . it also has effective but not too sharp tines .
this product smells divine , washes out of the hair great and my hair is very long left it shiny and clean . i would highly recommend it .
love this it smell so good on me my daughters asking mom whats that smell i said paris that said wow that smell good i said i know right
i bought this cologne for my husband as a christmas gift . he loves it , i love it , and it smells great !
double stack these and you get the best natural looking lashes ever ! great price and no one will know theyre fake !
the shade and holographic makes this an awesome nail polish . the holo is so beautifully strong . i've received many compliments .
i really don't think this does anything to help pain . it does not smell though so that's truthful . don't waste your money .
great shampoo for your brushes . cleans very well , and brushes are soft after they dry . - products last super long too !
well these headbands are much more comfortable and stylish than the hard plastic ons - the loop design looks pretty like head jewelry great for summertime
i love these clippers . it makes doing nails so easy . i can't wait to do my friends nails so i can use them again .
i use this for my bodyw ash and my face every other day . it's amazing and doesn't dry out those of us with sensitive skin .
it didnt seem to work , my pore look the same as always , and it is a little stingy because of the alcohol .
excellent cover , i am very happu with this product , it covers perfectly and lasts for almost all day ! i will wait again !
so so soft , but stiff enough to efficiently add some color . also , it fits perfectly on the apples of my cheeks .
it is very creamy . covers really well . smoothes easily . just alittle lighter than expected . definitely recommend for anyone trying to cover imperfections .
love love love . lashes are longer and fuller . i dread the day i run out of this .
great for refreshing your curls and nurturing your scalp . it doesn't have a strong smell and it actually calms your scalp .
love it , i saw an increase in thickness over a few weeks of application . i apply it twice a week after wash days
love fedora . . . dark brown , flat color . no sparkles . my first shellac color ! the shellac system is great and easy to do at home !
this refreshing spray has a mild , clean scent and is a great after cleansing toner . i use it morning and night after cleansing ..
this is the second brush i bought and it is fantastic ! great for my very short hair cut . my husband also loves it .
beautiful stones . shiny and clear . bought 2 peacock hair clips . elegant . dress up or dress down . easy to dit in p; urse
good quality , came on time , packaging was great , one end is flatened while the other is pointed , overall exactly what i was looking for .
it's a great neutral tone and has a nice shimmer to it :) not your typical beige with a pretty shine to it .
very nice product , and it is a very good finishing touch , without being too cakey ! it was a very nice price !
good nail clipper . the angled cutting tip takes a little getting used to but once you know the solution to cutting your skin thing get much better.good product .
this is my first time using this product and i am happy with the results . my skin feels soft but i must use a moisturizer with it .
this is nice and lightweight , but i think i need to see a dermatologist ! it is good for what is supposed to do !
i dont really enjoy this smell , and i dont like its consistency . im not sure what the product actually does for my face .
i guess you really get what you pay for ... so , i got crap ! i ended up giving them to my kids to play with .
these were a gift and my wife has been enjoying how well the rollers works for her . makes her thin hair come alive .
not my favorite scent but it was nice but had a great bronzing effect . i would suggest you try it at least once .
i bought the shampoo and also the mask , they go great together and you should buy the oil as well .
i am not knocking it as a product . the smell was nice and the exfoliation was gently , but it did nothing for my combination skin .
live this perfume . vanilla and sweet . i will use this often because i get many compliments when i wear it .
this setting spray is awesome ! ! it smells oh so good ! ! i love the way it sets my makeup to a matte finish ! !
i have been seeking out a solution to make my hair less frizzy , better curls , and not flat . so far , it is only okay .
this is a nice neutral palette . great price for the amount of product you get . this product is great for everyday looks .
this is a great product to clean off eye make-up and prevent eye lid problems . the individual packs are easy to use for travel .
just got this perfume and i love it ! it's long lasting and smells very exotic / oriental . it may be my new favorite .
this lipstick isnt as dark as it looks on the picture . i added a little bit of black to make the color darker
i have been using this for over a month and my pours are completely clean . no more blackheads . worth every penny .
this is very small to the area around the eye . the package is really good . i just started using it haven't seen result yet .
i like these because they plentiful and very good you get what you pay for . they hold up to their bargain
this needle is great and it does its job . its smaller than what it is in the picture by the way , but thats good
fast shipping ! i love this product ! great for cutting ! awesome long hair to practice ! came fast and properly package ! i'm really enjoing this item !
i love this its a bit heavy but dries my hair within 3-5 min im in love its a must for every girl
tried it once , followed directions precisely , but saw little effect . expect to try it again soon and will update my review later
amazing feeling with this product . it is more similar to home remedies . the sugar does its job really good . i even feel moisturized while exfoliating .
i love it ! and it is true 5 of the dot sizes are the same but i can live with it ...
these seemed to work well , i think i just have too much hair because it kept sliding up and eventually would just fall off .
i recommend it highly ... because my lips are never dry with this product . with this purchase , you definitely get what you pay for tuns of love ...
i like it , makes my hair look almost like i have gel on and love the smell of it :)
i like the packaging . easy to apply and travel with . but , i am not crazy about the color i bought .
used entire product as directions indicated did not see any changes or improvements in my hair . did smell great and left my hair somewhat soft but that's it .
the best edge control i ever used .. it smells so good .. i love this , i will be ordering again
i really enjoyed this product . it worked wonders and really helped my skin look better . would buy this product again .
good color for me ; i use the lipliner all over my lips instead of a lipstick as this has more staying power for me .
buying on line is convenientmy hair came back from chemo really soft and curly and these products work very welli would recommend this product to anyone with hair
i love this stuff it makes my hair very soft and moisturized ! it smells soooooo good to me ! i love it
i have used before and ordered suntan but this time suntan is a strange color . i will return and try to order color again hoping it will match .
i was like a kid in the candy store when i got these . it is a nice assortment of brushes for nail art .
this color is very striking ! it's a very summery color and looks great with a tan ! plus , this is the " in " color this year .
i love this color for the price you can't beat it ! i bought a few more from this brand . the colors are awesome !
i love this product and i recommend it very much . it really helps my eyelashes look longer and beautiful . ( - karla )
did nothing much for my hair , except leaving a weird feeling to my hair . i didn't like smell much either ...
i love this primer , feels great on your skin and i would suggest to others looking for a primer to look at youngblood .
i love this file . it works great and doesn't brake your nails . looks nice and comes with a pretty case that makes finding in my bag easy
i smooth this onto my face immediately after washing in the morning and it makes my skin feel 10 years younger .
it has showed evidence of working within a week.still using it . will need to update after use for a month .
it's a littler heavier than some but it has an excellent motor , strong output and gets the job done fairly quickly on my fine and plentiful locks .
these brushes are great fit in your purse travel bag . they are very soft . the color is terrific . . .
this is not for thin , fine hair.do not buy it if you have normal to fine hair . the thicker the hair the better this scent works !
this was not what i expected , it dries out my skin and doesn't clear up my complexion . maybe it would be better for older skin ?
at first loved it , smell wasn't as bad but once it starts to fade it gets extremely blotchy ! ! once again disappointed ..
i do not always wash my hair everyday therefore it is very handy to have on hand something that i can use to freshen up .
it is so big , there is so much space to put all your makeup / tools inside but it looks so small on the outside totally recommend
i love all of the now essential oils . my husband is really fond of citrus so i got the lemon in a large size .
very nice product . i love the colors and they came just as descibed . i would highly recommend for anyone who wants a change of color .
i have circles under my eyes . i use this over my bb cream and it makes my eyes so much more brighter .
my wife uses and loves this item . says it is the best and definitely will reorder . is very easy to use and cleans very thoroughly .
the best organic hair product i've used . a small amount goes a long way so it lasts a long time .
all three of these products are fabuous - light weight - great for my naturally curly hair . i love them all - love them
i really like this oil . use it in the shower , great for shaving legs . seems to be helping with my dry skin patches .
i like the brand , but the colors don't always look like as advertised . i think when shopping for stuff like this you need to actually see it .
shows like i have put dried mustard in my hair . after a couple of hours , it's gone . will not try again .
i've been trying to find a good eye cream for years with very mixed results . this is a fantastic product and i'm really happy with it so far .
i have been ordering these for about a year and realy like how they work . will continue to reorder when these are gone .
if i use this over my polish , it lasts about a week , just like a salon manicure . i don't use gloves for dishes or anything !
very chalky and looks horrible on brown skin.not sure if i got an old lip gloss , but i was not impressed .
cheap looking picture of the matisse type woman.however product feels richer than the drug store price portends . nice and truly fragrance free .
what can i say ? ! they hold my hair back as i expected ... no problems . in this heat , my hair needs to be up .
this product isn't drying , doesn't " overly " moisturize and has a soft , pleasant scent . my skin feels clean and the soap lathers nicely .
i love these brushes . they are really skinny so its really easy to do outlines for nail art . happy with my purchase
this is much better than the brush color touch ups . it goes on smoothly and in the exact places i want it to be .
i returned the hair dryer . i had nothing against the hair dryer , except i have a disability and it was too heavy for me .
it's kinda dry , but the color is okay . no ' wow ' here , though .
not much else to say except it does what it should do which is hold a nail art disc into place for easier use . would recommend-jill
best hair dryer ever . and the price here on amazon is fantastic compared to what i paid at sephora
im a sucker for anything that is pink and has hearts ! this is so cute and shany also has so many plates you can buy for this !
more of a topcoat over other colors , but takes any boring color and gives it subtle 3d sparkle . what's not to love ?
this product cleans off make-up , gently exfoliates the skin and smell great . another lovely alba product at a good price .
i love this beauty product . i am so glad i was able to try it . wonderful feel and great looks are acomplished .
good deal , delivery , it's about getting a large bottle of a very solid , familiar scent from years ago . will order again ...
this face cleanser for years i love've been using my dermatologist recommended it for my combination skin helps my combination skin to balance it also cleans my pores amazing
they are exactly what i was wanting for some beautiful bling bow nails . these rhinestones feel really heavy , but i will make them work .
i loved iti liked the fact that it has a lighter and a concelarit covers really goodthere's nothing to dislike about this product
i was hesitant at first because it looks delicate , but it holds my medium course curly hair really well . i also love the color .
it swivels around so you can work at diffrent angls . it clamps tight and stays in place . it fits my styrofomes snug .
nothing special . it comes out foamy and it gets most of the make-up off , but i don't think it brightens the skin any .
made a oil along with aragon oil for my hair , natural hair soaks right in and does not leave sticky or tacky .
only use mychelle products . good for you and work well . you can feel this scrub doing the work . i use it every other day .
thes are very cute and really make ur nails stand out ! they stay on well if u use a resin / glue to place them .
its is good but not as good a avon tanning gel . it gives a good color but does not last for more then 2 days
don't waste your money or time waiting for it in the mail . it does not work any better than if you used a business card !
i needed a brush to add eyeshadow to my lower lash line and this works perfect ! applies color easily and looks great .
i bought this because it was described as grisi cream in the item description and it is an ointment , not a cream .
i love this gloss but if you dont like sticky glosses this one may not be the one for you .
i made a mistake buying this product ; i wish i would have purchased a product that was 100 % argon oil instead .
colors for day , colors for night , fun colors , work colors ... everything you need in one kit ! long wearing formula and chip resistant .
i think it does brightens my face a little sometimes . but at some other times , it leaves my face a little too dry .
does the job ! though it will burn your face if you get close to it !
i love these brushes . i love the color of it and the case rhey came in . i love how the bristles are really soft .
i purchased this and it works great . i kind of wish i bought a cheaper version maybe the goody brand because this is kind of pricey .
i buy it after seeing many review that said is one of the best highlighter ever . it is quite good . i recommend it
good product for dry winter hands not gresasy at all i love that , and it goes on smoothly without using alot
i have seen such a difference in my eyes , i would recommend this to others . anew is great . thank you
not sure really the difference between structure and hard gel , just make sure the layers are thin ! ! ! if you do them thick you will feel heat
nothing special . just a product sitting on my nails doing nothing . not the best base coat but im gonna use it anyways .
this is one of my favorite eye shadows . it great for day and evening . i have golden hazel eyes and it makes them pop .
purchased for my son , who does not like bar soap . good price , good product . i would buy again at the right price .
great for sensitive skin . this dry winter this combo is a life saver . keeps skin from drying out cannot be without it
great range of colors . only for someone who likes their lashes or is using artificial lashes and wants color . these will not add length or volume .
i did not see a change in my skin at all . i used the entire bottle too . i personally cannot recommend this product .
easy to use , nice . it creates very nice curlers . better than all the rollers i had before . go for it .
i love this color ! i did make it a little deeper by using a darker lip pencil but its cool !
even though its alot smaller then i could have imagined im very pleased with this . i will be ordering many more shortly
i been wearing iman pressed powder for very long time . just the right color for my face . i love this make up
this product made me sooooo dark ! i am absolutely in love with it and will continue to use it every time i tan !
i love this thing . i wet it , squeeze the water out then use my palette . its a flawless application . great buy !
bright colors , really nice , soft , bought it for my daughter she loves it , will definatly purchase more in the future for friends and family
incredible price and the photos online don't do this hair clip justice . it is stunning and will add glamour to a simple hair bun or ponytail !
love these brushes . i have some to my granddaughters and kept the rest . very nice quality and does not fall out .
this lotion is great , leaves my skin soft and it smells good . it is not too greesy like others . amazon has a good price .
the brushes are lovely , has a strange scent , but they are of very good quality . so happy i went with this item !
i love these instead of using cotton balls . keeps the fuzz off your nails , no fuzz when you polish .
i like to these very well they were very soft they were shipped fast and they are well worth the price that was paid
the gentle scrubbing beads leave my skin feeling sofy and silky . the perfect product for the arid climate in which i live .
my nail polish case is full of opi , i love this color and was glad to add it to my assortment !
i use this for h & c , and it works perfectly for blending . smooth transitions between product , so there are no hard lines !
you put over your other lip colors it look natural gloss colortrue color keep your lips wet good price i going buy more color for xmas
this stuff will wipe away eye make up and face make up with no problem yet still leave your skin supple and not dry .
i thought that this was going to be clear , when you put it on it appears to white .
i love this because there are so many choices and sometimes i take forever to choose and it's great quality you will love it
i specifically use this product for my lips . it makes them soft , plump and supple . gotta love this stuff . i've bout it three times now .
cute , not to hard to work with . some weird designs but mostly cute ones . the ones i won't use my daughter will .
dry'n shape is essential to dry the brush as it helps to prevent deformation and so they can last longer brushes
i buy godefroy twice a year for eyebrow tinting . the capsules last a loong time and so does the tint . love this product .
love them ! thanks ! i am so excited to use them . i like all the choices that come in one little reel .
this package is really small and i have to sparingly use it and the effect is so far so good .
this intense blue is one of my very favorite opi shades . the color is true and bright , without being too dark . i love it !
good price ! and ... i have been using this fan brush on numerous occasions to apply facial peels . it washes and dries nicely as well .
the only thing i didnt like about this item is that i was hoping to get a thicker / wider brow stencil because thicker brows are in
i love this color on my lips ! can somebody say pink ! i like how glossy this is and how smooth it feels on my lips .
better than expected ... really covered . little grayish but difuses fine on skin , wash your face really well in the end it may bring pimples ..
love these tweezers ! they are nice and precise for picking up small nail things ! ! got here early and nicely packaged ! !
really cute , it is smaller than i expected but that is ok . the colors are fun and bright to see .
i love this lipstick - it smells like vanilla and glides on perfectly . the color is rich and it's worth spending the extra $ on .
this vitamin c serum by day by day beauty is amazing ! it's very hydrating for your skin and gentle . it's easy to use and helps shrink pores !
i love this color and would not be happier . i love opi polish and this was a steal ! you will not be disappointed .
i did not think that it was possible , but this really does work must use together with shampoo . great smell .
i love this extensions they are pretty long , the hair looks almost natural.good price too . i think they go here on time i don't remember lol .
no color , no fragrance , easy to remove makeup by cotton pad , cheaper than other department store brands but french product
these are awesome latisse applicators ! ! totally recommend these and will continue to order them ! they work much better than the applicator brushes that come with latisse !
everyone that i do their nails always says how cute this light is . it does the job and i love the settings on the back .
this looks incredibly lifelike with or without a wig . stands nicely and is made with high quality plastic . would highly recommend
the caps were too loose ; did not fit as snugly around my head as i'd expected .
these clips work great for holding back hair when straightening , etc . the price was great . they are made well also .
works great , not as rough as acetone , but still gets the job done . i tend to like this one better than the cnd remover
these emery boards are of good quality and don't rub off quickly like other emery boards do . this package should last you a long time !
love it . can use it alone or over so many different colors.have used it several times and everyone that sees it thinks it's great .
bought it to cut my bangs and so far i had only use it once and it was working perfectly . sharp and sleek
item description was accurate . item arrived packaged well and appeared new and in original packaging . arrival was timely . lowest price for this item on the net .
they was want i expected but they are still cute and i didn't get all the designs shown and them was the ones i wanted but its ok
eyeshadow greatness ... this metallic kit is just beautiful and thrilling ... i love these colors ! i will reccommend this product because it is of excellent quality ! :-)
i like to order these periodically because when they get dull they mess up the cosmetics . i will continue buying .
i love this product as it improves the look of my skin . it burns a little at first but the feeling tells me that the product is working .
this is a great conditioner for curly hair . doesn't dry out hair and helps it to hold curls better . leaves my naturally wavy hair light and bouncy .
soft--leaves no brush hairs behind . eye shadow and blush goes where i want it , no streaks , blends well , with no mess .
our family has used this product for 20 years ; won't change . it equals healthy hair and it will stimulate growth .
i use cocoa butter as a body moisturizer . love the scent and i can melt it to add other oils to it .
everyone reacts differently , and this product made me break out . i would test it out on a small patch of skin to see how you react .
cheap and easy to co wash for the cg method . works great and you cannot beat the price . would recommend .
i wanted to try a crackle polish so i thought i'd give it a try and buy one . i like it a lot . works nice !
outstanding product moisturizes very well and you only need a quarter size amount very impressed ! i definitely recommend for all hair types !
this is a great product . the colors are bold and really stand out . i would recommend this product to anyone .
pretty pearly bows . they are small and flat backed and not curved to nails . none of the 12 compartments were full .
but doesn't keep the moisture in for the whole day . if you don't live in a very dry climate , i think this will work fine .
i am in love with this product line ! every product that i have tried works amazing and makes your skin feel wonderful !
receive it on time haven't used it yet , but hope to soon , i been what'd and black cool nail polish now i have it
these are great but i am not very good with using them to curl my hair , i think i just need more patience and practice .
what more could you ask for thick creamy and really clears up my skin . didn't dry me out and smells neutral .
i like the mirror , it lights up but the light isn't that bright in my opinion it's kind of small but it's a gd beginner mirror .
this product is great . i got immediate relief within just one application . the amount for the prices is also very good . i will purchase again .
it like it makes your hair all new and great looking evrytime . i like the temp feature even tho i dont hv them on super high .
just great , great coverage , and color . it has to be good if queen puts her name and face on it .
it heats up but doesn't curl my lashes as well as a typical spring one . atleast i didn't lose too much money on it !
this comb is the best i ever used comb , comb hair becomes a kind of enjoyment . it is very good .
i am very satisfied with this product . so far i think it has made a difference in my complexion to date
this stuff is awesome ! i learned about it at a spa and it really does work ! just one drop on each finger or toe .
perfect size and shape for removing soak off gel nail polish . would definitely purchase again in the future if needed .
this lathers well and is kind to my dry skin . i definitely recommend it's use , dry skin or not , it's a gentle body wash .
i used this eyes cream for many years.the travel set is very fit for the travel for 3 days to 1 week . i love it .
holds hair up if your hair is not too thick . mine is thick so it was only so so on holding it up .
leaves my skin feeling very clean . i am not sure what more to say about this product except that it is a good value .
perfect shower mates . love the way it makes my elbows and feet feel . haven't bought a loofa in quite a while now .
it takes a while to get homebuti like this mix bowgood pricei would recommend of this item
this product works great my nails r stronger i use it about oncea week i would recommend this if you have weak nails .
was excited when this arrived as scheduled and was exactly what i was looking for . i am pleased with it , and would recommend it to others .
i wear this sunblock every day on my face & chest . the texture is amazing & is a fantastic sunblock .
i started using this as my lipstick & cheek blush when recommended by shop smart magazine . they are right . it lasts and looks great .
please do not buy this it makes your hair smell bad plus it is a waste of money do not buy
it's a good product that makes my hair soft and shiny . i feel it brings the color out in my hair when i use it with the conditioner .
love it and u can work easy with it .. love .. not much of the product that is my only complain about it
the cream is just not working as it described that " reduces dark circle " , and i don't like the feeling when put it under my eyes .
took a long time to arrive , and several brushes broken the very first 3 second i used them . totally not worth the wait .
these dual forms are awsome they work really well but the only thing is that the thumb nail is a bit small other than that this is awesome
i ordered this in a pinch and have used it in place of my big one .
i use these for doll lashes on my b.j.ds and they are so awesome and so much cheaper then one pair ! ! so yay ! !
love love love this lipstick . so much so that i purchased another soon after . no complaints about the delivery or the product . highly recommend it .
very vibrant and beautiful piece ... very attractive colors ... nice and heavy ... didn't expect this much for such low price ...
this was the size i needed for my mothers short hair . the product worked as well as i hoped and i'm happy with them .
maybe this is only for acrylic - laves a film when trying to remove gel . i wouldnt get this again .
just the right sizes for overnight and daily carry on bags for your purse two sizes one for purse and one for overnights . cute design gotta love clinique
there are a lot of plastic bristles in this brush . cant really recommend it . wouldnt get another one . read description carefully .
just love this product . when i put my nail polish on and i am in a hurry this is handy to help me out the door fast .
i have used many lipstick sealer and this one is just okay . lipstick still bleeds after application , so what's the point ?
this lotion seems to just sit on the surface , does not penetrate or soften . my hands just end up looking shiny .
i was expecting it will help my acne ridden back but it had no effect at all.no special experience .
these really stick & help your article of clothing to stay put . a great little thing to have with you just in case your dress or shirt misbehaves .
make my skin feels refreshing and clean . i have sensitive skin but this product does not bother me at all
tried several styling shears during the years ; this one is not sharp at all compared to others ... should not have ordered .
works well , and the hair salon motif means i will not confuse it for other spray bottles around the house !
a nice dry oil that keeps my hair in check without coating it in silicone and other fillers and chemicals . the smell is also really nice .
blends the color well , keeps the hands clean . washes easily . i use these every summer , it makes application so simple .
very nice and effective towellettes . have tried a number of brands and this is a very good quality . recommend you try it .
very handy but ones eyes must adjust to the magnification before focusing well for use .
the gold is flat and does not shine or shimmer and it is also not opaque . waste of money , better off with essie .
what could be easier . add a little at night . wake up to restoration galore ! notice the difference after first use .
i like that there are many different sizes - great for people with all lengths of nails . i'll buy again
it's top rated on my scale . it leaves your hair polished and shiny . i use all the products now . great .
this sleep mask is super comfortable to sleep in . i use it every night and its so cozy and keeps the light out .
l give it a 4 star because there were no instructions l like how fast it takes the hair away and l would like everyone to try it
just like described and cheaper than in stores i use this each day applying my makeup great while using like a pro
these are great colors and i love these pencils . these last longer than any other pencil i've used and it's easy to match the colors .
beautiful shimmery opaque pink color . goes on like a dream , perfect for diy-ers . i've attached a picture so that you can see the true color .
the quality was not that great .. kind of on the imitation side . there was a great selection but missing the natural feel .
i mix this product with the infusion keratin repair therapy , the two together really make my hair soft and smooth . i will order this again .
leaves hair very clean and fresh smelling . it washes out easily without any residue . am very pleased with this product .
i love this ! this is the first wet to straight straightener i've ever had and it's great . it saves me so much time getting ready !
absolutely love this product . it really helps to tame the frizz and calm down my hair making it manageable . gives good shine too .
this has a nice scent and cleans well . rinses well . i use it during the harsh new york winters to keep my skin from getting too dry !
ok as a moisturizer but doesn't do what it claims . not worth the money i payed for it . to bad .
this feels and smells great . also helping me to stay smooth , soft and looking more youthful .
very good tool ! i had a couple of them in the past but this one is my favorite now ! works perfect !
this pantene is absolutely not as good as the one you buy in the grocery store . my hair felt like i hadn't had any conditioner in at all .
these are the 1st tips i've used so i have nothing to compare them too but they seem to work fine for me
nothing really do not waste u r time it did not give me any diffrent not happy at all > _
super hydrating and soothing . perfect for my extremely dry skin . also brightens and tightens like it says it does . great stuff !
it's dry for my taste , but mixed with another color like a red lip is fantastic.not love , but neither disusto me at all .
the aroma of this soap is beautiful . i use it for my face or body . it softens my skin a bit .
very nice packaging and fragrance bottle but this is not so much for men , the women's version has much more quality , ie , it smells much better !
this product smells exactlly like the one you would buy at macy's just cheaper ! i think this is a very good value to smell so good !
i got this for 0.01 plus 4.99 this is worth much more but i got after watching youtube and how quick and easy this tool is . really nice .
this was a perfect shade for my complexion ! i love it and i'm going to be buying again ! ! very satisfied thank you ! ! !
wish plate was a bit thicker . it bends easily on the corners making the designs located on the corners a bit harder tobwork with .
it works good and protects your hair when straighten it . also it makes your hair come out super straight and helps hair grow
i especially don't like the way my hair feels the next day and so the basically full tube just sits there .
perfect for my needs , as it has the option to unscrew the top for travel . it's an elegant design and well made .
beautiful product , lots of variety . there is a flower for every color of mani , look great with both colored french tips and solid manis .
i don't use it all of the time because of the price but other than that it works and seems to be very safe .
product was as expected , good quality . i would recommend . my hair does not get stuck in it and it does not pull my hair out .
i think it may be ok but as of today - after a month's use - i cannot tell any differance
this works really well for little clean-ups around the nail bed and on fingers . i like that it's refillable , though i haven't yet had to refill it .
not to hard or soft and works well for dry brushing and wet brushing , just be sure to hang somewhere to dry after
this oil is not all that oily and feels great on dry skin . also helps irritations and bruises on aged skin .
great lotion.as good as designer skin's obsidian .. but i still like belleza better because it smells nicer and there's no tingler
a little goes a very long way , feels and looks nice . may be a little heavy for some people . so far so good
this takes off makeup just fine , but leaves an oily film wherever it goes . even after rinsing with warm water .
this product is not very powdery and is effective . smells fresh and clean . definitely good for in between washes to cut back on damage of hair .
very moisturizing and smells incredible . i was pleasantly surprised how luxurious this cream feels , the shea butter makes all the difference . good price point also .
if my granddaughter asked for it in her stocking , it must be good ! i think she has used it for a really long time .
second purchase of this color . love opi . i do alot of nail artwork and this color makes a good base color .
i can't find this in the stores . my skin is so fair , i use white for conceler and highlights . this is perfect
i have thin fine hair and not a lot , but these clips don't hold barely any hair and they hurt . should have stuck with the claw clips .
this is good for daily use under make up . it's not too strong , but it can be a good barrier or substitute for moisturizer on acne skin .
this oil does nothing for me . evoo works better to protect my natural curls . don't believe the hype about the monoi products .
the lipstick itself is ok but the color suggestions were not right for me so consequently i don't really wear them much .
nice product great price . will definitely order it in black for water lines as it is water proof and smudge free .
eh , it was okay . doesn't work as well as i thought it was going to .
i got this to help repair a wig that is badly damaged and it helped some but mainly just makes them shine again
very nice tips great for acrylic nails at home or for business.they are long but you can cut them glad i spent my money on them !
my make-up talented daughter loves this tool ! ! ! great price , and cute design made it a happy purchase ! i would older it again ...
nice moisturizer and it does as advertised andcalms down the red in my skin . would recommendand purchase again .
not a big fan of this for any sort of prep but great after setting nails . a bottle goes a very long way
these cookies taste dry and stale , they didn't do anything to help my appetite or my weight loss . don't waste your money .
just like the headline says but really how much can you rave about a product that just does its job .
i didn't really see much of a difference after using this product . it also makes my skin feel greasy and tight after application .
i really love their glitter polishes but the base color of this was more yellow than depicted in the picture .
i love this so far ... i will contd to repurchase ! it cleans any residue etc off my skin and is gentle
this pad-package is generally satisfactory . i love the texture on smooth side.drawback is : soooooo small pad . i have to use more than 3 each time
the almond cream dove has a great scent . it smells similar to the shea butter scent . i like it and will order again .
i use this every day and it brightens up my face , love it ! !
i am using this product to create shapes ( smaller nose , cheeks , hide double chin ) and it works perfectly over a lighter powder
the scent is heavenly and the bottles are large and last awhile .. i will definitely buy again . lathers up nicely too . my hubby loves it !
i love it for my hair when i am perming it but now that i am not perming i have changed to a different shampoo and conditioner
my niece was having complexion problems , and after a lot of review reading i ended up ordering this for her . she loves it !
nice way to replenish my skin . wonderful to wear at night after my evening shower before i head to bed.thank you amazon.comolga
this seems to work great for me ! i will buy again when i run out . also , will tell friends that might be interested .
my wife loves this product and the price is right on amazon . highly recommend this .
thes work really well for stamping not to mention the colors are very pretty most are one coaters they will bleed a bit when you but top coat on .
i love this body wash it leaves me skin super soft and smells great . i will buy more again when i run out :)
the product was below my expection it ddn ' t keep my hair mositurized other folks make find this pruduct work great for them but not for me
i mainly bought this for the browns but i turned out loving every color , fantastic case and lovely colors to compliment any eye
these vitamins made my skin and hair super shiny and smooth looking . a little on the pricey side and too many pills but worth it .
it was 1 of many plates that i got and i use it all the time . the plate works well no cons
brushes are great on quality . they give you a lot of brushes for the price and i will probably never use them all !
i love this product , it's great for detangling , in leave conditioner and deep conditioning . it's a little pricey but it's worth it .
so i do too . she likes the smell , and she is very happy with the way her hair is after using this conditioner .
unlike what you get in most stores , it is thick instead of running like water . i also think it leaves my hands softer than most soaps
i bought this for myself but husband ended up using since it had very strong earthy tones to it . very manly .
been using this for decades . dries very fast and leaves an amazing shine . highly recommend . great for nighttime manicures before bed . no morning sheet marks
but love the price ! i prefer the maybelline crème blush if they still have it but this will do was cheap 2
i love this hairspray , it works great and keeps my hair in place without being too stiff . it also helps me fight my constant battle with frizz
was looking for sable application brushes . when i see sable nail brush i guess i assumed they were for applying nail sets .
these plates work great to dress up your nails and make them look like a pro did them . looks just like airbrush .
they were a little bigger than i expected but my curls came out lovely . all i did was separate them for more volume .
i do not like the consistency . it is like the consistency of yogurt , only with lots of oils . i did not like it .
the product was ok it was nothing special . it was not different from any other polish that i already had .
this cologne smells just like a fresh cigar--it also lasts for many hours ! great for the office as well as a night out ! would highly recommend !
product arrived in less than two weeks . tape decoration stickers are exactly as described and were much less expensive than those that can be purchased locally .
i have used this cream for a few years now and it has become my favorite by far . i also use the day creme .
the perfect affordable concelear . it works perfect for me getting rid of my dark circles i would definitely buy again when i run out .
i love all of the colors . it comes in two seperate sets and some colors are repeated but i like it
the product works great ! my only complaint is that is smells like an old lady ! do they sell a fragrance version ?
i love this product ! best blush ever ! it smells great and goes on easy and leaves my skin feeling nourished !
i just love this shade on me , everyone is different when it comes to skin tone but this is my favorite
was it right size package and was a little light for me but i am very happy ty very much was cheap and will order again
used it for a couple of weeks and it is working already . i over plucked and needed a fix . this is it . highly recommend !
the elastic back looks comfortable more so than the old plastic type this was a gift and it was a hit
i can't believe how great my skin looks when i use this . i use it , on average , once a week . i highly recommend this /
gives nice shape to my curls . i'm pleased with this for the price , i like that it holds my hair in place . keeps the poof away !
best hairspray out there in the market , even better than any salon brand hairspray . good thing they came in travel size , thanks amazon !
out of all the different brand brow gels and waxes . this is by far ... way far ... the best and the most easy to use .
best stencil for eye brows i've found ! just still havent figured out how to keep them on while i try to stencil them on
this collection is awesome ! this is a first collection where i liked every single polish . so happy to have purchased it .
shampoo was good but the conditioner is too thick and slimy feeling . left my hair feeling like i didn't rinse it out .
i bought this mask when i was a new mom and needed to fall asleep quickly while my baby slept - can't imagine sleeping without one now !
these hard bristles don't grab hair , so it makes curling and drying almost impossible . i returned it . i don't see how this could work for anyone .
thank you for the product would love to use it ... and help me in the future ... thank you very much .
this is a very fun color ! it is a very vibrant pink color . the color pops and last for about 2 weeks .
these hair extensions are so cute ! they make your hair do that much more fun ! you get such a variety to choose / switch it up .
no need to go broke on high quality make up brushes , i used to . if you take care of them properly the real techniques brushes are amazing .
i had a sample of some and i had to get more ... love the way it protects your brush as it dries ! ! !
this is my perfect color which is beautiful for summer and goes with everything . i do find that opi is a great polish for staying power too !
color is very deep & rich . only one coat required - best holo polish i've seen . great for stamping too !
smells nice , a fresh smell . did not leave my hair looking or feeling in better condition , didn't really do anything .
wonderful palette that matches exactly what the product description described . no hassles purchasing and it got here quick . definitely going to try other color palette's .
i have been using this cream for a few months . i find that it does nothing to reduce under eye puffiness . i won't buy again
my cousin loved the pretty bottle and every time i walk into her bathroom i'm glad to see that the bottle is almost empty . would buy again .
this is a pretty nude polish for those day you just want something simple but elegant . can't beat a beautiful nude polish .
what can i say but that this product works well . it's slightly greasy , but most of it gets absorbed in the skin . i would recommend .
i am really liking this brand of nail polish lately , and they have a nice selection of colors . this is a great color ; will buy again .
it seeps into hair almost immediately . nothing has ever made my coarse 3c hair feel so moisturizer and soft . perfect for dry and damaged hair .
they work good ! you get a variety of brushes and they are awesome . favorite color is pink so i definitely love that !
such a pretty and effortless splatter design . it makes my hands look fun and bright and i hope its never discontinued !
love it ! leaves my hair hydrated , feeling soft & looking shiny ! has really improved the condition of my damaged , over-processed hair . totally recommend it !
perfect for blending and so soft . highly recommend for anyone . can also be used for contouring . no shedding . no funny smell .
i've been using this conditioner for years , and now this is the only conditioner i use . it keeps my curls in place and the frizz down .
cmd shellac is the best ! the color is great for young and old . shipped fast and so i was able to use right away .
i like this set , it has everything , i purchased it on e bay for $ 80 , but however amazon have it for cheaper
although all of the colors take multiple coats for full coverage , the colors are gorgeous and get lots of compliments
these are okay to use alone as you do your own nails but i think a helper could really do some very artistic work on your nails using these .
this is one of my favorite scents from vs . light enough to wear everyday and great for both a summer and winter scent .
i tried so many but this one i really love it does what it said i like i am buying more it worth my money thanks .
i love rhinestones who doesn't ! i use them on my nails every week i change them all the time the colors are beautiful just beautiful i love them .
for use with nail design plates , highly recommend the double end . one side small and one side large .
very good lotion for dry skin , especially tanned and dry from sun . have tried many and this is by far the best , in my opinion
the concealer palette is the size of my hand , and but the packaging smells extremely bad it hurts my noise .
doesnt work as well as ben nye final seal or urban decay but works to take away the powder look after makeup .
it's perfect for renewing your skin . i used it once per month to improve skin tone and natural collagen . it also improves wrinkles .
i love my lashes i've been using them a lot lately & they are great . for this price its great i can't wait to purchase more .
this cleanser works great for cleaning nails before application and taking off the tacky residue at the end . the gelish system works like a dream for me !
ladies if you used very sexy attraction and loved it . this one is for you . smells just like it . so happy i found this .
have love this serum since a spa used it on me during a facial and i purchased it from the estotician . much cheaper to order nonlinear .
it did not work as expected but maybe , i don't know how to use it effectively . it was okay but ended up throwing it away .
i have not use it yet ， so i can not write the feedback of it . and the direction is complex ...
i use this on my nail clients.these tools , made dotting , nails , designs , complete with ease , and comfortdefinitely , recommend anyone to purchase
i really like this . it's truly waterproof , yet looks natural . it doesn't clump lashes together and make you look like you have spiders on your eyes .
the scrub feels like i'm rubbing tiny slimy balls all over my face . i don't feel a difference after i use this .
i am a 47year old woman who has tried everything to keep my skin clear of pimples.this is the only product brand that works ,
these are crap do not buy doesnt work an it doesnt spread its so not worth your money go buy cover girl sticks
cute headband . awkward looking bow . the good thing is that it is removable so i did just that to be able to wear it .
woow i do not have enough words to say how nice this smells i just do love it ! ! it was more than i was expecting ...
this blush gave great coverage and color for my cheeks . it also does a great job of illuminating your face .
lightweight unit that has worked well for the past year that i have been doing my own gel nail manicures .
my favorite mascara thus far . having two brush sizes on one wand is helpful to get both length and thickness .
i've been using gelish products by harmony for a few years now and this brand is the best of all gel products on the market !
the results are fast and amazing . i would love to try all of this companies product . the bottle is a great size as well .
tried most of their oils and this is my favorite , make my skin amazing and soooooo good for you your kids
its an okay dry shampoo but i would not buy it again because it leave a white residue on my hair and most people can tell .
you can find at the beauty store for 99cents but for the convenience of online shopping its okay priced i guess .
wow , this perfume is lovely . it's rich and subtle but a little spritz goes a long way so i recommend using it sparingly !
my face felt like it was on fire when i applied the mask . i couldn't leave it on for more than 2 minutes .
love ! keeps my eye area smooth and cool . does not irritate my eyes and helps my under eye concealer go on . i use morning and night .
i love this concealer it's amazing it helps with my dark circles under my eyes and the price is amazing i would recommend this concealer
quality glycolic acid ! i love that i can save money on expensive salon peels , and ' do it myself ' at home !
these are very sharp and do exactly what they are supposed to . i was frankly surprised considering they are not a ' professional ' brand .
ive use this a few time and it has my hair controllablily soft and the style last for days . also decreased dandruff .
i bought this to use in my skin are class , and am i ever happy with it . well thought out , with the tool for every need .
i purchased these because the hair looks like real eyelashes . they are easy to apply . they are glamorous and sexy ! ! !
this color is very sensual , if you are looking for that natural look , this lipstick is just perfect for any sweet gal :)
great concealer . i gave it away to a friend because it doesn't match my complexion but it a good concealer .
i like this concealer brush . i've been using it for about a year now and i wouldn't switch it for anything else .
great product and packaged well . i've received other butters but none that were packaged quite as clean as this one.love this stuff and will purchase more . larger quantities
brought this for my sister and it is good on hair . it is nice that there is no wierd smell .
i love this product and the leave in cream rinse . my hair is doing so much better than before get them both . shampoo and the rince .
this is sturdy and is exactly what i was looking for in a shampoo brush . i would buy it again .
makes nail polish last , :) i love itit look great after the nail polish or for rhinestones its great
i really like the design , unfortunately it broke that very same day . very sad the good thing is that i didn't pay too much for it .
this is a quality product that has been better than i ever expected . the tool is very well made and it will last forever .
i am happy with this item . this is the second time i have purchased it here and i will continue to buy it here going forward .
basically , the smell is awesome . i recommend it highly.ladies , make your purchase right away.believe me , you will not regret it .
it may have cleaned my hands well , i don't know because i disliked the smell so much i had to throw it away .
love the color and the quality , always saying waw waw when i wear this color . try it and you will see .
great product , was recommended by the eye doctor for my mom . the moist pads provide enough liquid to cleanse both eyes
it dries hair a bit but i use it on the first shampoo only ... it gives your blonde a wonderful shine
she started using this product two weeks ago and now it shows the difference in favor of a new skin . we take photos and note the difference
best top coat ever ! ! ! this was a gift for my youngest sister and she absolutely loves it ! great product and awesome quality .
i love this product . this is the best sunscreen that i have used . i carry one on me at all times . it workd like a charm .
it smells like my grand mom's old perfume.not for teenagers or young girls :d you can buy " hilton " as a gift to your grand mom :) )
this blush is the best ever for a cream blush . it is hard to find cream blushes that go on smoothly . i love this color too .
i really needed something to hold my eyelashes the whole day . this eyelash glue didn't even work for an hour .
i love that it has organic ingredients , and it really makes my hair feel stronger and looks more shiner now ever since my mishap with bleaching .
i honestly was expecting way more from nyx but when i use this product theres no seperation of lashes and its clumpy and really doesnt look good .
this product is to thick and sticky for the face in my opinion . however , it's an excellent moisturizer for the lips especially during the winter months .
hard to use at first but with practice you get the hang of it . works better than regular nail polish
don't use on broken skin , hang nails . don't leave on too long , it's strong stuff ! it does a great job !
its cute i liked it . i recently cut my hair to shoulder length and it still works well i like em .
i liked this product as it worked at the time , but it contains alcohol and i don't like to put alcohol on my face
the liquid is more like elmer's glue all ! it doesn't come out of the container in liquid form which would make it easier to apply .
these pearls are beautiful and and a touch of elegance when you want something more classy . they are great ! they arrived early . i really love them thanks
this lotion is working . i don't use it as often as i should and it is working anyway . it feels good and sinks in quickly .
recommended by my dermatologist . nice for sensitive skin . been using this line for over a year with good results . like it .
i got this when it was around $ 3.60 and gotta say i love it . the eye liner is wonderful and i use the mascara almost daily .
quality product and blends well.matched skin tones well also . i got one for a friend that has a bit darker skin than myself . she loves it !
this says it's a bh product but it's not . the pigmentation is kinda low but you get what you payed for
another product used on a daily basis by my wife . states that she highly recommends this body wash for quality
wish it did not cost so much . however , it helps with my son's eczema and my rosacea issues . smells nice and light like oatmeal .
i love this product . i was able to see the difference within a few days of using it . i can see less creases around my mouth area .
love this product ! ! ! have been using it for the past year and it really does make your skin look better . highly recommend
got this as a promo item from badger balm when i ordered several tins of their other lovely soothing balms . i love it and find it soothing .
i love the quality of these brushes . this kit has every brush you could need , whether you're a beginner or a seasoned make up pro .
love the smell and aroma and the bottle is a great decorative item on my dresser andit is great priced and packages right
i love the colors , the box is awesome and i will reuse . i am more than happy and will buy more .
hi ... i have used and the results were very , very amazing ... i do not want to dispense with the curse ... i have won my admiration
this product was great like all the sigma brushes i have bought , but was too similar to another brush i already have . i returned this brush .
great for summery / springy soft looks - has all the pastels you could possibly want ... plus some extras . i love shany's quality .
its a great mask . makes the skin so soft & reduces the break outs & acne scars , also reduces the pores . i am happy with this product
my eyebrows may be overarched sometimes or i just want different shape of eyebrows this with eyebrow pencil or powder is a girls best friend
for anyone suffering with eczema or atopic eczema this productis the most " free and clear " that i have been able to locate.would recommend .
used product for nail art - stamping and it works great . colors are vibrant and thick consistency for nail art . great price
this sucks ! i know they are cheap , but dang , i used it once , and the grey material used for ridge removals ripped after a few swipes
leaves everything orange it touches . safe to use in a plastic container for keeping or plastic bag . other than that , excellent exfoliating soap .
love the feel of this and my skin seems to like it also . great to use at night or a little with your daytime moisturizer .
this color is absolutely amazing ! no curing issues at all ! i would highly recommend this one . it is a nice neon-like purple .
premium mash 100 pc nail art nailart 3d manicure design sticks rodsgood quality , nice design , easy to use , it's worth the money .
i like this brush for gentle everyday cleaning . just not good enough for an exfoliator . my opinion . i have been using it for about 2 months .
this color is pretty on it's own or when mixed with other colors of the same brand . a really nice color .
these were all dried out when they came to me . not happy . i can't even refill them . i will know better next time .
it goes on smooth and stays on for long wear . it doesn't take a very heavy application to really hold whatever color you put over it .
this was a gift and they are so happy with them . a teenager and her friends are doing nail art and love the designs they create .
this product does not go very well on dry skin but is blendable and good for under eyes . it might be a little too light .
purchased this along with a chamois buffer and it keeps my nails nice and clean looking . very easy to use and does exactly what i wanted .
this smells great and makes my hair feel and look great too . i will buy this again and from this seller again too .
i prefer the jar then this olay one ;p ro x is better for me ] well that is my opinion ' to each her own .
the best body wash i have ever used . it gets my body super clean without drying my skin and cleans the deodorant residue under my arm extremely well .
i haven't noticed that much of a difference . maybe mild improvements when i first began using it . since then , nothing noticeable .
the little designs are adorable ! ! ! but ! they are way too thick ... the little figure sticks out and might fall if not enough nail polish used
these colors look amazing over a white base . they looked perfect for my photo shoot . i will buy again . thanks
no complaint for the spray , but the bottle has a leak where the plastic sprayer meets the metal can . therefore it is constantly leaking sticky globs .
i love this hair comb , it looks really nice with up-dos . gets a lot of complements when i wear it .
love it ~ ! no harsh chemicals or fragrance.rinses clear - use the entire live of this product.will buy again .
cream puff is more white for a french manicure , this one is a little clear and yellowish , i didn't like it too much .
i enjoy the scent and feel of the lotion on my face . it does it task . this is a nice alternative to more expensive lotions .
i use these to try out different patters and colors to save my nails from the polish remover . it folds up so it doesn't take up much room .
the face part of this mask is perfect , but the band could be softer ; and the earplug holders are right over my ear .
love this spray . works wonders on your hair . helps improve with each use . good price too
i absolutely love this mascara this is the only mascara i use & & will never change it for any other brand highly recommend a + + +
nothing work from this i used about 3weeksafter showerbut just still dark my under armwaste money don't buy this company
these sponges are great . they work well and they hold a good amount of makeup without soaking it all up .
a pessoa já sua há um bom tempo . segundo ela é um excelente produto e q protege bem a pele .
i love this stuff ... makes my polish last longer ... i will be buying more off amazon ... beauty stores charge too much for stuff like this .
i ordered this to go along with my tanning o product . it works well and feels good on my skin .
love this product it dries up your acne and blemishes . dont use it everyday cause it dries up your skin a lot . but it really works ! !
this is one of my favorite charcoal soaps . i have purchased this brand many times and will continue to do so . excellent price as well .
i love this bb face cleanser . light scent and keep my face feeling fresh . i would buy more once i run out of it .
yes ! get this . pores will be happy , complexion will be brighter , skin will be exfoliated and so ... you will be happy too !
it's just too bright . i think it makes me look a little clownish . i used it once and haven't touched it since .
this is great for dead skin but you need a scrubber brush or something similar to slough off the dead skin .
this is smooth and goes on like butter ... imagine that ! actually , some body butters can be sticky and this one is not .
this scent is wonderful . not overpowering like others i have tried . its been on 6 hrs and still smells divine :-)
not only was this item poorly packaged , but it made my hair extremely frizzy . i tried it different ways and it wouldn't work on my hair .
i use this mask twice weekly and leave it on for about 30 minutes , it takes away the redness of my skin and helps it feel clean .
it works perfectly . when i would just use the applicator , it helped me put my false eyelashes on without a hitch .
this product so helps my skin to stay hydrated . i suffer from eczema and this moisturizer really helps ward off flare-ups .
just what was pictured.my first time trying dotting and the tools were easy to handle , gave me great dots just where i wanted them
i bought this for a friend and i absolutely love it . it's in great position , it's good at holding hair and it is beautiful @ !
i gave it 5 star just because it got to me so fast , not got to use it yet but it came in great shape .
holds 24 lipsticks / lip glosses as advertised . sturdy and seems durable so far . i recommend it to keep your lipsticks organized .
love the colors but still new to using this item . i was supprised that it did manage to arrive early
i think it is the darkest purple in opi ... really cant tell it is purple . looks like siberian night but darker - fyi .
very messy and hard to come off ... looks very elegant otherwise jsut very message to take off ... makeup remover doesn't work as good ..
i love these ! ! ! i use them on myself and paying clients ! i will be purchasing again when i run out ! !
so amazing , the cantainers aree worth 6 dollars itself but the beads are amazing an awesome , im very happy
i really like this lotion a lot ... it is too small though . they need to double the amount of product you get .
great case to hold all your bundle monster plates . the purple is great and smaller than i expected so easy to store
this shampoo is very good and lathers really nice . it also smells divine and leaves the hair with lots of body .
i love these , they are super cute and can be used in so many ways . there were so many colors , so many different uses .
just the right amount of colors to experiment . my niece love matching her eye shadow to her cloths and this product lets you have fun .
i use these to clean off excess eye liner and it works great . they smell nice and are gentle on your skin . highly recommend .
all my friends are so jealous that i have so many choices now this product is amazing . for a great price great quality and fast delivery
these are great and really pretty to look at . they're easy to clean and came in a neat little package for storage .
very cute . in great shape . i can't wait to use them . great colors . nothing was broken and nothing was mixed up .
these bows are exactly what i wanted . they fit perfectly on my nails and they are so cute ! definitely will re-order
i love the color easy o put on , love that color lady's get it .. most have ... bella's vampire ! is the way to go ! ! !
great product . love the ingredients list . i love that it is an awesome multi-use product and a great go-to for different needs .
hi , i think it's really great set to start with . i just wasted couple of brushes so i can easily afford myself to buy a new one .
beautiful pearls all different sizes . i haven't used them yet but i cant wait to ! everyone will love these very elegant .
great size , smell and purpose . i love bath salts and these are great ! totally worth the money and wait .
i am famous for taking aleve after working 12 hour shifts but after soaking in this i was ache free ! !
its pretty but the stones fell out aftera few uses but i only needed it for a special occasion
everytime i wear this people tell me i smell amazing , it is that good . highly recommend if you are a fan of calvin klein , not cloying .
love this , wish there were more mattes but it is super cute and i love the colors , makes me go out of my comfort zone !
this mascara was clumpy and dried out fast , didn't last long . i didn't get long lush lashes like i do with buxom .
~ not high quality rhinestones for for the price and using them on fingernails they are excellent ! ! ! fast shpping too .
i got this as a gift item for my mother . i assumed she liked it didnt hear elsewise . cant go wrong with philosophy .
wife says these work well but a couple of the tools are the same size . i think it was priced well .
i love this skin cleanser and always find the best price at amazon . if you have sensitive skin , i highly recommend this product .
use with acrylics ; also an excellent price . in order to apply tips , it's absolutely necessary to have these . definitely recomend .
really liked this . kept my face soft and smooth without making me break out . eventually switched to khiels midnight recovery though . i like the dropped better .
nice to use for nails ... i love it ... its very good to use on nails and toes ... and the colors are fun as will .
all of aubrey organics products are well made and not too expensive . the conditioner leaves my hair shiny and full .
nice over purple but it is not a stand alone color . i was not able to get it to be solid even after many many coats .
not sure what the rave is about - this lipstick was not a pretty pink . and didnt not feel good on lips .
very good , easy to use and gives long-lasting result . much better experience then dying my lashes in the salon . cheaper , too !
this toner cools my face and keeps the oil and pimples away . very good natural toner that i willbuy again . not a bad price also .
these lashes are my favorite . i love the wispies and the lashes last me a while . they are great quality .
this polish is so neat . i love the gray color ! this polish has a ton of sparkle but is still matte and textured . very cool stuff .
i like this polish pretty much . it is not as shiney as the 2013 halo huse clooection but it's still okay .
i got this for the fun look and it was what i was looking for . its was what it said it would be .
it smells weird at first but then it smells softer like vanilla.it hardens your hair if you dont brush it or rub it in but it does not flake
i enjoy using this contour kit because i can also use it as a highlighter for my eyes and also a darker color for my outer v .
great ! doesn't leave residues ! have a great smell , doesn't dry out the skin , leaves the skin between dry and moisture ! btw i have asian skin
i buy this over and over again and wear early daily ! a light dusting cam do the job , sets your makeup and prevents shine.it is awesome !
i guess i missed the part that there is another product that has to be used first . on its own , this does not work at all .
i dont see any difference , hold for an hours at most . never again ill use this product . bye bye crew
i do nails a lot and i really like using the block over a regular file . these are good quality and a good price .
got these to hold my hair on the rollers but does not do as well as i had thought they would . they are big and bulky .
i used this to make lip balm and other then the tint of the product it works amazing as a mosturizer added with other products mixed in .
pointless . it does nothing . figures , it was practically nothing . don't waste your money . not even if it is a penny .
this product is awesome ! i often used it everyday even i stay at home and it's works ! tks to loreal
this wax works very good and the price was even better . i liked the fact that it was three separate jars . will buy again for sure .
i thought this product to be very cheap for what you are paying for it . not worth your money . dont buy .
this smells amazing , keeps my skin moisturized , and eliminates that after tan odor better than most lotions i've used . it's so cheap too !
this was my first time coloring my hair and it was so easy . i used the black hair dye and it looks very natural . definitely will use again
i can't get enough of this naturaloil with so many benefits ! great for so many helpsface , hair , skin !
love the smell size and how easy it is to rinse off and lather up . my wife thinks it smells great
goes on great , doesn't have a strong smell , and feels great ! this is my favorite lotion and never go without it during tanning season .
did exactly what it said it would , got these for brides , as when the tears start flowing , we don't need a mess ... love them
my only problem is that the colors crease too easily and too soon . other than that the duo is perfect .
i never go without polish so this is a great way to find some of the older colors ! ! love the sparkle
that you very much love it and it will make my job more easier to use this product ... can wait to use it on my daughter .
this product smells so good . as far as volumizing ... i'd say not really . but i still use it because it smells so freakin good !
just received it in the mail . the colors are even more beautiful in person . yes the smell is a little strong but i'm used to it .
i love this mascara . it seems to dry out fast but it's still worth it . i have a monthly subscription .
very light weight , smooth and moisturizing . doesn't feel greasy at all . lasts all day with out having to apply again .
this a great brush . the bristles are soft enough to not irritate my skin , but dense enough to actually work for stippling foundation .
i love the neutral colours which matches my everyday look.colour pigments aren't that bright but it works well with primer .
love this product . seems to not weigh my hair down when i leave it in . smells great , keeps hair hydrated .
these are so cute . they look great in encapsulated acrylic ! they come mixed together you have to separate them yourself
this stuff clumps like crazy . i had to throw it out after only using it two times . i would definitely not recommend it !
i like this color because it's not to bright and it perfectly blamed with my lips . it has a nice peachy look with some pink . my opinion
i had cellulite with the help of this mitt and slim extreme 3d i am cellulite free . i recommend giving this a try
loved the shimmery look it gave me but it made me skin breakout terribly . seemed to be a good product , disappointed i can't use it .
i have always loved olay , and this works just as i would expect from a company such as olay ! you won't go wrong here !
i bought these since i do my own nails every week and these hold up very well . they stay on my nail all week .
i have relaxed hair and this shampoo is amazing ! it feels like a moisturizing conditioner . it makes my hair feel really soft .
great top coat , long lasting and great shine . i do it from home and it looks like a salon mani / pedi
this is the best mascara i have ever used . it has all day staying power and never smudges . it is also very easy to remove with water .
this concealer works great . it doesn't crease and it isn't oily at all . i will definitely be purchasing this again !
dark chocolate color . great fall and winter color . three coats to get true bottle color . compliments all skin color types .
i initially bought this in a trial size at my local walmart and fell in love ! my skin feels so smooth now !
it burns the delicate skin around my eyes . there is a pretty strong fragrance . i'm going to keep looking for a better product
beautiful deep red that glides on slick and smooth and its stain lasts all day without having to be re-applied .
i like this and have been using it for many years ! works great and does not take a lot so it lasts a long time .
i like dermalogica products . i use this face wash when my skin gets congested , been using this particular product for years and still happy with the results .
so happy to own this clean-up brush . great quality and shape to clean up polish before curing under uv light . for french nails it is a must .
there great work really well and were worth the price going to order more love these and its great there not over priced ! ! !
the colors are gorgeous and very deep . i bought this as a gift for a friend who loves eyeshadow and makeup .
really amazing unique color great with smokey or a broze make up . it will make you stand out . it is creamy shiny and long lasting
i will not purchase any other top coat after this one . it goes on nice and dries so quick . i would highly recommend .
great smell and works well for any split ends or dry / brittle hair . i have really thick hair and it doesn't weigh it down or feel greasy
thought this color would be a perfect choice for me but it paled me out.it worked a long time ago - but not now . :)
was not quite my color . it made my skin look darker and i did not like the way it dried .
love this perfume . it has a great scent that lasts all day long . i highly recommend to those who love a bit of spice .
my skin is so smooth and soft . been using for a week and it works amazing . i like the smell
not what i expected , from what commercial and emails have mis inform many of us , yet i will used but will not buy again
this is my favorite straightening cream . leaves my hair smooth & shiny without weighing it down . the scent is just incredible too .
this conditioner is great for fine curly hair and leave my hair easy to manage and it reduces frizz . good product .
defining , and doesn't rub or wash off too easy . so you can go swimming with this on and it won't just come off . love this pencil
i've been attacked by dry itchy skin over the last few months and this is the only item that helps to soothe my skin . thank you aveeno !
i really liked this rosemary oil . i paired it with the peppermint , and they smell really nice together . i would definitely buy these again .
when using this product it is absolutely gorgeous worn correctly . i love had pieces and this is just gorgeous i hope that the metal doesn't tarnish
it is shimmery and for me i have acne so i feel it makes the acne show more for a high brand i thought it would be nicer
great inexpensive option . no orange color like so many . i used in conjunction with the chaacoca moroccan exfoliating mitt . would buy again !
i love the hempz moisturerizers . the fragrance is light and not overpowering . hempz moisturizers are some of the best i've ever used .
this is jsut as good as the over priced beauty blender but better because they give you 4 lol love it
i've never had an eyeliner stay as well as this one . easy to apply not hard feeling glides very well on waterline would suggest !
love this moisturizer . not greasy . just right . skin truly feels matte and balanced . maintains my skin the entire day and into the evening .
smells super delicious ! gentle , effective , and hasn't been drying out my skin . definitely recommend this face wash for a man or woman .
i got these to use for getting pesky glitter nail polish off . they work really well . my kid says i look like an alien wearing these . lol
its ok .. gave them to my daughter .. there a little to thick and long.but my 34 yr old daughter loves them .
this hair wrap works , it's easy to use , and not difficult whatsoever to tie . it's relaxing , particularly when things are cold around the house .
this product is very good . have bought more than once and will buy again . great to help clear up blemishes on skin .
i love these dotting tools they work great and have a nice little holder . love them and they arrived fast ! !
i use almay smart shade makeup and love it . i love the way it becomes my own complexion color ! it's wonderful !
all the designs are so adorable ! people really are into the 3d look and i cant wait to get more use out of them .
so glad i could buy this color thru amazon . for some reason i haven't been able to find it in my local stores .
i love the feeling it leaves after i use it makes me feel feel really soft and supple . found my new favorite regimen
bought for a friend who has very dry skin and he said that this cream was the best of several he has tried .
i'm not sure you can do a manicure without this . - it's so amazing and does the job perfectly . the shine from the topcoat is unreal .
love the green apple scent and how smooth it makes my face feel . yes , the container is cute but that's not why i purchased it .
i ony used it once but i was pleased with the results . will be using it once a month ( with the silicon ) as a conditioner .
excellence creme has always given me good color , effective gray coverage and soft hair . i can't say enough about this wonderful product .
i've never colored my hair at home and this was extremely easy and color stayed true . definitely will buy again .
works great i had a problem with one of them breaking but i just glued the end back in but i love the price
holds well , i need instructions on wrap curlers i purchased none were included so i just use when curling my hair with iron .
a gift that has been reodered several times . she is very satisfied with this product . a great idea for anyone female or male .
great product .. came quick and brand new . love the brushes and makes a great gift . can't do your makeup without them
this stuff is great for the skin and really helps with moisture retention . it is one of my favorite beauty products .
these make nail art designs so easy ! i use them all the time to make flowers , swirls , polka dots , etc .
love the way ti feels on my skin . very nice and i would buy it again ! wonderful , wonderful product highly recommended !
another great choice from wen . this one smells great and leaves your hair soft and shiney . will buy this one again
it is one of the most delicious smelling eau de toilettes out there but it just doesn't last more than an hour or two .
i got this so my dad could shave . he is bed ridden now so this really came in handy . he uses this every day to shave .
this is a nice eyebrow pencil that comes in nice colors and works fairly well on my eyebrows i would purchase this again .
it works ! ! i use it every day the only thing i don't like is the price since is something you are supposed to use daily
i have naturally curly hair and this is a great product to tame it down in the am , adds moisture and no weight , plus it smells nice .
didnt realize the bottle was so tiny ran out to quick i just use acetone now works the same and fastet
not impressed . it is very greasy and i can't see where it is any better than baby oil which is a lot less expensive .
i lovee these lashes . my first purchases were these ! full & & thick . gives that bold look ! love it
l really like them they are so small and when l clip the clips there very flate lol l can tell l will be having fun this summer time .
i use this rating because the price was righti love the colors and easy to use.if i had togo to a beauty salon it would cost a lot more .
i purchase this product to make my face and body lotions with . melds great with other ingredients ! wonderful product ! definitely will purchase again - and again !
this products smells nice and i like the concept of anything shea butter but it did nothing for me . i might give it away .
these are pretty colors and look nice in my red hair . the colors are light and pastel and the barrette is easy to use .
great for putting on toner or using makeup remover or nail polish remover . very soft and delicate on my skin ..
this is a decent body wash for men , the eucalyptus botanical is a nice addition . i look forward to their future offerings that are dye-free
i have been using the nars illuminator for years ... it leaves my face with a supple , natural glow . i highly recommend this product .
i thought i'd be getting what i paid for but i am really impressed with this set and would recommend it .
they do not have that perfume , i can not say nothing about that .
i knew i would love that color and everybody who see my nail gave me compliments . so lovely color ! ! i will buy more colors now
very light and makes my curly hair manageable . it leaves hair soft and shiny and i can actually run my fingers through my hair .
i like the way it slightly tingles , not much but you can feel it working . i will definitelywill be reordering this scalp creme .
pops the pimples with little pain ! cheap anger good value . shipped quicker than expected as we'll . great buy for your buck .
an excellent foundation for such a price , it's very light yet it covers just perfectly . it could be used daily .
i like this ! it is effective and gentle ! you only need a small amount to get the job done !
it works perfectly and i would recommend it . it gives your makeup a more finished look . i like that it is colorless .
great colors ! ! this is such a great selection of colors . i will buy more in the near future if walmart does not carry this item .
this is the only product i can and will use . it is great for blackheads and helps with oily skin .
this is a very cute collection comes with a great holding case at a great price many cute designs .
this mask is a great recharge for my skin . so tone and soft after i rinse it off . will definitely repurchase .
well constructed , vinyl , fit is sufficient even for long hair , comfortable , only thing is i would have preferred terry lining .. otherwise good shower cap .
i've been using this and it works for me to stop places on my face from drying out . this was the second time i've bought this product .
she's running all over looking for it in the stores and cannot find it anywhere . i can ' t either , she loves it , swears by it .
great intense dark red but the color fades quickly , you will definitely have to keep on top of a monthly application .
. . . i bought this kit , they are beautiful and distinctive , bought my aunt a happy girl by obtaining them
i have tried several of the out of africa soaps . i love them all . they smell great and are perfect for dry skin .
this lotion really gives you a wonderfully dark tan , and i love it . doesn't smell bad either . just wish it was not so expensive .
have only used it a couple of times , and so far it seems to work ok . can't give a " great " review yet :)
beautiful black great coverage not too runny or thick . the great quality you expect from essie . and cleans up easily if you're not an expert .
there amazing great for on the go or just to remove makeup ! really enjoy these . will buy again . great product
the scent for this product was overwhelming . i gave it away . it smells like really strong pumpkin spice . putting it on my face made me nauseous .
great soap . it does not stain you rag or clothes . best soap to use to clear up do spots . ...
it doesn't make my hands hot and i love that it is big enough to do two hands at the same time .
my daughter and i both use this set . it works great and stores nicely . i did buy a brush cleaner for them .
goes on easy and absorbs quickly . though very gentle on the skin , not so on the eyes . not waterproof but good for everyday skin protection
works great , smells good and working great . organic blend to top it off , worth the purchase to tame split ends .
this product looked very good . exactly what i expected . very good quality too . i problably will buy another one soon .
i had high expectations for this moisturizer because of the good reviews . the texture is thin and runny so i don't think i will buy this item again .
i have fine hair and this product unfortunately does not create any body in my case , it just makes my hair feel dirty .
this clarifying shampoo actually clarifies my highlighted hair without drying it out like some others can . that's all i expect !
well .. this product made my hair have even more frizz .. it didnt hold a curl .. hmmmm not for me
this are so small they will look great on the nails . will buy more for sure love this too cute .
this scent smells amazing and is a great scent for the spring and summer . it is light , airy and refreshing .
i really like this product , it does bring out the green in my eyes . the colors are very soft also .
awww this is so pretty i don't know if i would give this away ! it has everything you need in a heart !
this stuff gets me super dark its not extremely hot smells like cinnamon when u put it when you get out it smells like vanilla this stuff is great
the best product ever for the shower . it gets all dead skin off and makes my skin smooth and silky .
they're awesome ! ! i can't really say they look natural but they look pretty awesome , they definitely draw attention to the eyes ! !
i like the smell of lola which is enclosed in a beautiful flower shaped bottle . the smell is not overwhelming but doesn't last more than a few hours .
nice shade ! was toying between zoyas evvie and this shade , and this one seemed less gray , more green . pretty , and the formula is nice .
works pretty good under my eyes . my eyes are a little puffy underneath the eye so i use this and it helps a little .
i love most vivite products and this one is a keeper . i have problem skin and use this to improve my acne / lines .
try this product last week and i can see my face look much better its only 1 time i use .
good , cheap outdoorsy type cologne . seems like it would be a nice fall scent .
this mascara is good for bringing out eyelashes but not creating a super dramatic look . it goes perfectly with eyeliner and lip gloss for a cute everyday look .
i loved it ! it makes the brush really smell good and takes out all the nastyness and stink . i buy it again if its gone
me encanto el aroma , y el envase espectacular ... lo recomienda a la mujer activa y elegante , jlo es un producto especial para ti ,
this was truly worth it ! i would recommend it to others . i received it in no time . material sturdy and clean finish .
bows are cute but a little small . great for young girls . i like how each color is seperated it makes it easier to use
i'm not sure if it's reversing my split ends , but they don't seem to be getting worse . smells decent , i'd recommend .
the color is great and i love the hearts although they were hard to get out of the bottle.great color
i have previously done laser treatments for my stretch marks , and i bought this cream for maintenance . its good
works very well to cover up gray and areas of the scalp where you want to shade in . need to brush over excess from your hair .
this is nice and thick but not greasy . it has a subtle but lovely smell to it . i've been using it for years .
so far , these emery boards seem to work just fine , and i like the variety for the different size nails on hands and feet .
for $ 30.00 this is a very nice little kit . it has the lites three polishes , wipes a small nail file .
this color is subtle and shimmery . it looks great when paired with june bride . it looks just like the color in the picture
i have the babyliss nano hair iron and it's amazing but for some reason this won't work well with my hair .
okay , they're duck clips . they work perfectly for what they are designed for . i've no problems with this product at all .
i am fair skinned and the color is just about perfect . i do use a moisturizer because i find it goes on smoother and more even .
love this ! ! it lasts a long time and it really does leave a fine line , especially on the corner of the eyes .
family loves it . from the oldest to the youngest males and females . a good buy for all . i recommend it .
i got only one stickerwhat the ... omgi just so surprised to get one stickerjust send me more stickersso bad ...
this case is perfect for carrying the nail art discs in . the material used in making the product should last for a very long time .
if you're looking for perfectly shaped brows you don't have to look anywhere else this product doesthat and more it makes you're eyebrows look like pure perfection .
after using olay for over 10 years , i'm so glad i made the change to eucerin . my skin feels better and with less breakouts .
great color of brown , no red tint which is hard to find . i would buy this again . suggested it to friends .
the product is very useful during hair dye and hair treatments . it comes with a complete set already and that's what i love about it .
hands down the best top coat i've ever used . makes mani's last longer and dry faster . i love this product .
they did not work at all . plate was wavy and scratched all to pieces when i attempted to use it . huge waste of money and time .
i think this is my favorite soap from the dove line . foamy and very moisturizing . though it is a bit on the expensive side .
i am so happy i purchased this item . i've tried many other products that did not work , but seaweed powder really does . highly recommended .
glitter can give really cool effects to nail designs it just makes a mess when you have the dust raw .
i use strictly philosophy for all my skin care and makeup . all of their product are of amazing quality and ( for me ) worth the price !
i love the way this makes my hair smell and feel . i have been using this for about two years and will continue to use it .
this brush is nice and thin so it's pretty easy to use when i'm filling in and sculpting out my eyebrows a + !
the top ripped the first time i used this . they leaked like crazy and i had to keep refilling . i will not re-buy this product .
this blush is like a dry creme . it goes on easily , but losses its color after wearing it for a few hours
camille beckman tuscan honey glycerine hand therapy is the best . i use all of camelle beckman hand and body cream .
this concealer is amazing ! it blends really nice . i use it under my eyes and on my chin ! it helps to make my face look smoother !
great size mirror , works as expected , ordered one for a friend after she used and liked mine !
beyond incredible . finally a glue that will hold up all day and beyond . can finally rock lashes with no worries !
great primer for applying nail tips . it is strong so be careful not to get on skin as it does sting . very happy with purchase .
i returned it as it was too small . i never really use it but it looks good for body brushing .
i have no complaints about the service or quality . i've had it about 2 weeks , and used it twice . i love these .
i got this to use in my homemade anti-aging aging serum . it works great but sticks really bad . : 0 )
helped clear up dark spots on my skin . easily absorbed into my skin . brightened my skin . face was glowing after use .
i really think is ok and for the price i shouldn't even complain . i used it only once and it was good
this headband is not the strongest , but it is stylish as heck . it compliments my natural / kinky hairstyles very much . great buy !
these are the words of my daughter who is really loving nail art and received these for her birthday . thanks
i finally found a mascara that does everything i want . volume is what iwant and need most and this mascara does provide it .
i liked this product a lot . natural look and easy to apply . benefit products are always high quality and worth the money .
the smell is better than pure acetone and less harsh on my skin . plan to purchase again . love cnd products .
so womderful product and i will get stuff from this store .. thanks .. nice for my nailsfaster to do my acrylics
i love this thing , smells amazing . gives me a decent slip . i am heavy handed so i use up a lot of product .
i am very happy with this product . every stain came off even after 30 minutes . very handy instead of using cotton balls and some cream .
very nice for french tips . makes a nice curved line . inexpensive and lots of them .
great shampoo and conditioner in 1 product . used head and shoulders for years , but i am much happier with smell and the quality of the clear product .
got this for hubby . he's not comfortable with the lead in it . i'm returning and going to order the one that has no lead in it .
my daughter loves this and loves the bottle . she wears it a lot and displays it on her shelf . i think it was her favorite christmas present .
don't bother spending a ton of money on some of the other listings for these brushes . these are perfect . i use them every day .
i really , really , really love this one ... has worked the best so far ... will order again ! !
i read the reviews , i ordered it , and i love it . it does exactly what you'd expect it to , and it does it well .
they got here early . they look really great they are realy small you need to be carefull they brake really easy .
this eyelashes are the best the are human hair so the are really easy to put and the are no heavy at all
the brush is awesome , really helps your skin feel cleaner and smoother . it works in the shower , batteries last long .
this oil is exactly what my aging hair needs . only use a tiny amount . worth every dime .
just as it says a gentle cleansing bar without soap - therefore no soap film and does not dry skin
a great daily product , affordable ... not dramatic , instant results but consistent skin firmness with continued use . very comparable to items with much higher price tags !
i like the idea of it . i haven't been able to use it well because the adhesive i bought didn't work well . the product shipped well .
great product makes my nails shiny ! ! received before edd will order it again . great stuff sally hansen is the best for nails ! !
cute accessories for my nails did a great bedazzled nail art and use these studs and it came out wondeful
comes out great on all my nail are designs . will recommend it and i need to add more to my wish list .
i bought this lipstick but it does not stay on all day and the color goes on lighter the picture .
i bought this shampoo because i tend to breakout with regular shampoos ... this shampoo left my hair super dry , almost straw like ... i wouldn't recommend it .
i didn't think so . after i bought the kent , i bought 4 more for gifts for no occasion . there is a difference in the mere comb !
its a nice top coat , but dries out very quickly . i was disappointed when after only 2 weeks of being open it began to clump pretty badly .
very high-quality scent for the price ! amazing projection and longevity . reminds you of irish spring soap . clean , piney , quite a deal !
this was a gift for my mom for christmas . she loved it and keeps saying how amazing it smells . highly recommended !
this shea butter is nice and thick . i love that it hydrates my super dry skin . it has a pleasant smell .
the colors appear to be bright , however are much darker than they appear . this is good for a night look , but that is about it .
kids love it gets there hair nice and clean and soft the only thing they lie to use to much so it don't last long
i didn't care for this product , its easier to control the eyelashes yourself . also the glue strip doesn't really work well .
i have pretty sensitive and oily skin , and it burns so much ! i usually love neutrogena stuff but this is bad !
don't buy the cheap ones . just save your money and buy the great quality . this is a good product not loud and the brush is good
i like this oil cleanser for most of my face but found i cannot use it on my chin area or i break out .
this product works exactly as described - i couldn't use it so i gave it to one of my friends - but they really liked it !
i needed a new dryer and i wanted a good quality dryer . i haven't had any issues with my dryer . i would recommend this dryer .
not greasy and dries smooth on your body . smells pretty pleasant and clean not so much of the scent but more of the smooth creamy feel .
this is my third bottle i haven't seem any mayor growth on my hair still the same i wish it work cause i have very fine hair ;-(
this product did not work as well as i'd hoped . works about the same as burts bees undereye cream . it smells weird too .
i don't know the difference between one base coat and the other . opi is a great product and it's doing it's job great , so yay !
well dis it a gud item n it is really wat u c on d picture n i am realy happy wit it i lov it
this purple stinker stinks ! i have never had allergies but i sneezed like crazy when i smelled the open bottle !
it gets the nail lacquer off fast and doesn't dry my cuticles . this 16 ounce bottle will last a long time . i highly recommend .
i don't have this product but my mom does and it is an excellent product . i plan to purchase this item for a gift to myself .
there very cute but they are kinda big and when i got them they smelled weird but after a while the smell went away
i only got the hair piece and you have never sent me anything else . you got my money , now i want my stuff
arrived pretty quickly ! i am new to the stamping scene ! i am getting ready to try it out now !
it does it's job . it has a couple blips every once and a while , but nothing major and it works pretty well for the amount i paid .
i love eco tools . their brushes are so soft , don't constantly have hairs falling out even after washing . they are great .
i havent used these since i purchased them because i haven't found a nail polish of mine that fits in it . hopefully i do one day lol
i love this product and will never switch . a little goes quite a long way and it makes your skin feel refreshed after you wash it .
it was great except the one film was falling apart and it was the one i really wanted , so that was all that was wrong .
this works very well . i use it to but body gems on our groves members for festivals and feasts . i am very happy with it .
beautiful very dark burgundy . you will need 3 thin coats for the true color . it is a dark shiny bing cherry color !
perfect pigment for spring . true to color . stays i only reapplied because fresh it feels so creamy . the color stays all day long .
not catch very strong , is usually a bit loose , slips if you put in a certain way but does not fall , it is a good material .
i have severe problem dry hair that's fine and breaks and falls out and nothing really is great . i rotate around w high quality conditioners this is quite good
use this ( and the shampoo ) and have used it for years . get the large size and it will last your for a very long time .
i don't like the color . the " red " description is deceiving . it goes on like crayon . i would not recommend this product .
im a nail girl . i love having wild designs and this product allows me to have beautiful , stylish nails . i couldn't imagine my life without it lol
these are adorable i love them ! they all have their stones secured none were missing which is great . they fit well on the nail also !
i don't really know what to say about a nail file but it is glass and it will break if you drop it .
the colors in this palette are so bright and vibrant . perfect for the current neon trend . a good price for the amount of eyeshadow you get .
wouldn't ride with out it :-) my first container came from the bike store ... highly recommended.found it on amazon . it's the same product and reasonably priced .
this is another product that i have reordered multiple times because i believe it does the job.it should be used with the regenepure dr treatment .
pretty , now it's time to get creative . saving money at the salon by doing my own designs . can't wait to try these out .
maybelline new york unstoppable eyeliner carded , sapphire , 0.01 ouncethe only eyeliner that i truly love every single day of my life !
my hair takes to dye very well but this just didn't seem to take to my hair as good as others . maybe its just not as strong ?
i buy this all the time when i need it . i love it and it works wonderful .. i never had nails for years and now i do .
love this color not a red more a dark pink very pretty on another great opi color and holds up well
what you see is what you get ! great plate holder and exactly as described and pictured . no complaints here . thanks !
i love this product . it is great for your eyes and face . i use it all the tiime . love it .
these are pretty good . can be used as tips aswell if u are using the right products to cover them .
great buy i got three for one price and i will be buying these again . looking for different smells . love
the first thing you will notice is the great smell . the product isn't too heavy for fine hair . keeps frizzies away and helps define curls .
this is a good substitute ( and much more affordable ) than the nexxus hummectrus conditioner ( which i also love ) . highly recommend .
the price in amazon is lower than my country's .. it's quiet good for my skin , i feel much younger , i love it so much .
i love this product to condition my hair . it smells great and leave my hair looking wonderful ...
gorgeous color , opi makes really nice nail polish colors . i am tempted to keep it but it's a part of my gift sets
came right on time as i was told . packaged to protect . will order again . i love this shampoo and leave in rince .
handy little concealer that applies nicely onto skin and blends well . i like the shades provided and use this under my eyes and over acne breakouts .
i am pleased with my purchase of this hair spray . it holds my style all day , and has a pleasant scent .
it really helps if you have itchy scalp ( it's bot about psoriasis or something like that though )
always a great value when you can get a great price for named products like this ! i love the price and the value !
it didnt cover as much and wore off quick . get the corrector instead , it stays stronger . great for ballet classes though .
this little thing is so handy and easy to put together . it's super stable , though you can't tell that from the photos .
nice colors some the them were a little different but still nice.looks very pretty on your nails the transparent colors dont really show up on dark colors though .
i have tried other brushes but sigma is the best ! you cannot bet these brushes ! i love this brush.sigma brushes are wonderful .
this i gave to my wife and i'll relay her message here . she says it " works really good " . so there you have it , folks !
this is non greasy and works just like the manufactures says it works . use it mornings and at night . also it is packaged well .
best brushes i found . great value , lots of brushes , great lengths and varirtey , a must have for doing nails , get em
love this ! got really dark using this ! ! a must have for a serious tanner ! ! fantastic , immediate results ! ! will buy again ! !
the beads make you feel super clean and the scent is really addicting . depending on your climate , it can dry out your skin .
this product is easy to use , and it helps keep the cuticles moist , and it smells nice and it doesn't leave a mess in my handbag .
no lie , these look exactly like the picture ! :) get a lot of compliments on it ! ! ! must buy these now.lol
greeat price and fast shippping . smells like the original ! ! would purchase again from this seller .
love this product ! ! ! the bristles are soft and my skin feels soooo clean . i highly recommend adding this to your skin care regimen .
just love the smell of my perfume anything that is white diamond i buy i just think it is awesome and it arrived early ! ! !
burned my skin . this stuff is quite dangerous . it can burn holes in your skin . use it only if you know what you're doing .
they have a lot of good images but some of the other ones are a little too big for your nails .
this cream has been wonderful for my legs . it hydrates beautifully and my legs stay soft and supple all day .
they take getting used to & once you have it your never without it ! ! ! practice until you find your groove ! ! !
this feels like it is cleaning my face , and i have experienced no irritation or over drying . will likely continue to use daily .
this is a nice color for fall and that is why i bought it . it has shimmer , which i also like .
out of the four scents only one doesnt make me gag , i cant even remember which one it is because its at work and doesnt get used much
handy , nice after sun lotion .. i felt it was a good deal and didn't especially get irate as other reviewers , who didn't read the label did .
i love these ! they come without glue and you need to cut the lashes but they are exactly as shown ! ! ! i loved them ! ! !
i'm a hugh fan of blinc eyeliner . stays on until you remove it . the brown is nice with blue eyes .
this will make a great gift for a girl . very sweet with the kitty design in rhinestones . i'm adding it to my gift giving stash .
these are amazing . they really don't leak and i think every girl should have these for soaking their nails off .
smooth , creamy , no odor . very firm . very clean . i will buy this again ! !
this stuff clears up your scalp but does nothing for the texture of your hair . my husband's hair became dry .
dotting tools dont need to be expensive or fancy . this does what i need it to do and looks cute wich is just a bonus
this body wash is very watery and doesn't last too long . it didn't moisturize my skin and the scent was pretty strong and unpleasant .
great wig , easily cut into a mikasa wig from attack on titan . soft , full , shiny , and now she wears it to cosplay .
the perfect peachy-pink shade ! i love the fun packaging as well . i highly recommend this product , as well as other products by the balm .
i have used tons of volumizing shampoos . this one is ok but i probably wouldn't get it again . smells great though
love this product and amazon's price . it's a good sulfate free product my hair is soft and easy to flat iron after using this .
love this brush ... it is soft , yet strong enough to do the dry brushing technique , love it wet or dry , it works great ♥
stronger than any brand i have used ! it is not sticky or oily . no smell . i only use it once a day .
pretty color not overwhelming in brightness . i recomend this to all my friends and family it is beautiful and last great .
i liked it . it was worth the money . i would def check it out and recommend a purchase because for the value it's pretty good .
smells yummy , and it makes the hair soft and tamed , but do not use to much as it will cause a buildup
this stuff is amazing , i received it really quickly and it has made my nails so strong . i love all the seche vite products .
this is a good product , but it fits mostly for fairly skinned white woman.the container is elegant . just sad cos it was too white for me
there were some rolls of the same color . i wish there was a black strip . they stick which is helpful before a top coat .
it is just lovely i really like it is my first step into making my own beauty products and i thinks its worth the price .
works as it is supposed to its a primer for fake nails does a good job would recommend it to anyone
this turns very pink on me and while the color is okay , i prefer other shades . i really like jane iredale cosmetics .
great product - but all their products are great - love having my curls back again ! what a great difference this makes !
love this stuff . it smells so good and the bottle is huge . it came in the original box . my husband loves it .
don't use as often since buying the brush above , but it does what it was designed to do . wash your back .
good product , just like in the store . firm sticks and cotton doesn't come off end . i generally recommend the branded version like this .
it doesn't bother my eyes like other products and it feels good when applying . good buy . would recommend to others .
i am really a fan of this item , feel like it works , i will be buying more .
a lovely bb cream with great coverage and excellent wear . slightly deeper and more yellow than #21 , looks very nice on .
great product for dry brittle hair . not too feminine smell , not too flowery or perfumy . a good value , no need to pay more .
it nourishes my 3b bi racial hair without making it greasy or oily or sticky or making my hair too curly .
i will recommend this product to my friends . it gives energy to my skin , my face seems more healthy and feels fresh
tested product on my hand first . every small line stood out like skin was overly dry . same look when applied to my cheek .
like the grip , will be ordering more of these . when my frenz are over for fun night , we are always waiting for this tool .
last long . lip stick will not run . i love it and it stays on on long . turned a lot of friends on to it .
this product is great ! i use it after i was my face wash ! great for just making your face look flawless !
i bought this with other eminence products . i didn't see any dramatic results that would entice or encourage a re-purchase .
just okay . nothing special other than they are designated as my very now cloths . i see nothing special in whst they have done for my skin .
this was weird to me and complicated . it's a newer version of the heated electric rollers ... eh , ok if you have help
i got this as a gift for my nephew . he loved it totally . branded product for not so branded price .
my mother uses every moment is very good as it leaves hair hairdresser is very good buy buy buy pear brilliant in another
i love this blush it looks really good on fair or darker skin ! i use it everyday :) would buy it again !
thank you sigma for this wonderful producti loved very , veryhelped me in the distribution of cream base with easeher silky hairi would advise girls and all women
a good all purpose lightweight everyday and night moisturizer , at a great price !
i love having this controlled hotcomb . it does a good job on my african-american thick coarse hair . i reccommend it to all .
with the refill , less stress on landfills , more cost savings . the subscribe and save makes this a convenient cost savings deal !
this is great for the face and neck ... it didn't do much for the eyes ... great for the winter months when your skin dries out
pure therapeutic peppermint is great if dabbed on your finger and placed behind your neck , also if the headache is on one side put a dab there .
it's the color that i've been looking , love everything about it : is so creamy , nice case . definitively i'll continue buying nyx round lipsticks .
this feels fantastic . it moisturizes without clogging pores ! i love it ! ! i use it as my night time face moisturizer !
this is a great product and does what it says . it springs new curls into a failing perm .
i wear everday around house it dont stay on long but for price it ok i bought the other names
i have used this for years ! hate to run out of it on my short style hair . nice amazon sells it .
easy to use . using fusion dryer makes my curls look great which i love . great price and would recommend this product .
it gently exfoliates leaving my skin feeling so soft and smooth and it smells so good . will definitely buy again .
while this was moisturizing , i used the entire bottle - 2 applications per day - and it did nothing to lighten my darkened elbows and knees .
this is an amazing wig and you can't beat the price . i used it for a dany targarean costume and it was perfect !
i gave it to my gf , and she doesnt really use it ... i guess bb cream is good . this brand is popular in korea
i have to say i was weary on buying & applied it , made my complexion look so gooooood , will buy again
chose this bc i just can't put on false eyelashes . looks as if it will help me in that area . nice solid piece .
these are awesome for people who want to try a variety of makeup products . they are a good size to test and is a real good buy .
i love this product and pissed that it was discontinued . it is non greasy and felt amazing on the skin ! very light too !
not the variety shown in the picture . very difficult to find the start of the roll . i haven't been able to use them yet .
i love this gelish color ! it looks really nice as a french manicure . i recommend this product to anyone . i would buy again .
i bought this one for the holidays to use over my red opi polish . just love it on my nails .
you do need this polish for stamping . after many failings i ordered this and it work great . fun to learn . and show off .
i do not recommend this product , because does not make sense , are to big to use it as 3d stickers and too small to use as complete sticker
its ok , does a ok job . not to crazy about it .. i will try another cream from another company .
i don't know if it really does all it claims , but its nice and smooth and smells great and was worth the buy .
i love this lotion . i've been using it for a very long time and it has improved the texture of my skin .
i use this once a week with my homemade dryer cap for 25 minutes and after i wash it out my hair feels soft and hydrated
i believe the main ingredient is corn starch so it works really well for oily skin and doesn't seem to cause break outs .
i used this and it didn't do anything to my hair this bottle is overpriced it's tiny and very expensive
this scent is like no other ! one spray on my neck and wrist and i am good for the entire day and evening ! yummy !
a great false nail tips clipper . it's actually works great . i love the color . nice size good grip i used it twice it works for me .
this bit works great for filing . it does not tear up nails like sanding bands do . easier to use . very smooth filing on nails .
i love essie and usually come to amazon for a good price . great colors and product ... once again i was not disappointed .
i returned after fearing it could make me break out from reading reviews . i never tried so i can't give much of a review .
it works great under makeup . it makes my fine line smoother and it also makes my face feel so soft .
this is an okay foundation . i like that it has a pump but it can be a bit drying and settle in my laugh lines .
scent was a bit too strong for me . very moisturizing though . i would buy camille beckman lotions again just not this particular scent .
it is small and compact fits anywhere . if you need to take it somewhere to do another's nails , this is perfect and beautiful .
this was the first cream blush that i ever tried . i love it ! the natural color looks excellent with every day makeup .
use this for my tea tree oil for acne spot treatment . works great , easy to refill . thanks for a low price great product .
first time using it.this clipper does a neat job . nice value for the money.recommend this clipper to others .
i like this product . i have very fine hair and it looks great without making my hair oily . calms down fried ends from flat iron .
i use this product at home & then push back my cuticles before applying my cnd shellac polish . saves money from paying for manicures over time !
great for styling , but feels like nothing's there , no stickiness . in fact , my hair feels more luxuriant , but not greasy . also smells great .
i love this product . i use several times a day on my face , love the scent . i spray all over and use with the rose oil
works very well & since i have rather dark lids to begin w / , this product lightens the lids as well =d ouble the bang for the buck !
its too fake , looks awful.its not hair . its a plastic . waste of money . its not sticking with any glue.not recommending at all .
bolod color again use a primer if you are darked skinned to bring the colors out alittle more but a great price and great buy
very nice bronzer ! my first time buying from this brand . i wear this bronzer everyday and really like it a lot .
poor quality ! they are not too sparkly either . i was not impressed by this product . luckily , i only paid about a dollar and some change .
wen you know that your eye makeup needs to stay in place go waterproof , for weddings or any occasion i like it
i will recommend a stronger primer such as nsi super bond . this primer did not last it started lifting 2 day later
i found this product better than aveda clove color conditioner but not as gloss inducing as the original jf brunette hair gloss i used years ago .
this product is pigmented and lines the lips wonderfully . i use it for red and pink lipsticks and it contains color well .
lives up to its hype . the only complaint is the chemical smell which is strong . i try to leave the vent on when i apply it .
it's body wash . there's not a lot to say . typical dove body wash . definitely came promptly , which was greatly appreciated .
they are ok i thought the container would be bigger then what it was but they are great for me doing the aquamarine nails
unfortunately i didn't receive what was shown in the picture . i received clear and yellow plastic jewels instead of the metal studs . bummer .
hey ! ! this isnt what mine looks like mine cane in a little thing but i still like it if irs the same quality its a great buy
got this for my 17 year old she lives it . came fast and works good . she loves doing nail and it's a great price love amazon
i've always loved essie nail polish they are the best and this color looks amazing ... i got lots of complements on this color . :)
i have worn this for over 40 years and will till the day i die . i feel naked without it .
really surprised how soft and perfectly shaped these are . great for small eyes . super blend able density . like better than my mad brushes .
leaves skin feeling soft and smooth . product works as described . would purchase again .
i love this primer and you neeed only small amount . it is the second time that i am buying this primer
i needed to change my skin care products and this has worked well to rejuvenate my eyes and reduce fine lines .
great body lotion for dry skin . goes on very smooth and makes the skin very smooth . i would recommend this product .
i dont like this product maybe in not using it right cause i never done it before but its so hard to work with
this is the best back scrub i have ever used . lightweight and easy to use , not to ruff just perfect !
makes your face look great after one use but 24 pads run out way too quick .. i wish there were more pads included like maybe 54 pads ?
this thing is so great ! i am recommending it to all of my friends ! it made a difference , after the first use ! !
good cleansing with a pleasant aroma and moisturizing . it rinses well and the packaging is also nicely countoured . it's one of my favorite personal cleansing washes .
i expected it to be a bit darker than it is . it barely shows up on my eyes . pretty disappointed in it .
this nail polish is great for art work . it goes on smooth yet covers great without being too thick . the color is very much like the image
i love it ! it comes with good brushes that can be cleaned easily and for such a great price ! and a great quantity !
smells great and really helps relieve my child's dry skin issue ; really like that in comes in a group of 3 ' s .
works perfectly . does not shrink polish . gives a hard , glossy topcoat and generally helps it dry very quickly . will buy again .
she loved it , is a powerful bomb with amazing projection and longevity . good purchase , and affordable . was about 50 % less than in most mainstream stores
i bought this for my weaves and wigs and its ok . the price is good and it last me for a while . wold definitely recommend this product .
this is the only non aerosol hairspray that will really hold my fine hair in place all day without being greasy when you brush and restyle .
good product . i've used for 2 years ( off and on ) as needed . you should notice an improvement in appearance in about 3 week .
i love structure it definitely add some strength to your nails , but have to make sure you put on thin coats don't glob it on !
i really loved this product its especially great for the smokey eye look ! i even use it for everyday makeup to make it look smoother
it's a light bronzer . make up is meant to be natural looking . just adds the right color for me for my skin in fair .
plenty of product and value for money . seems chalky . slightly irritating to my skin though . it may be the fragrance
this product was reasonable and i use it for my foot . i really like it for what i bought it for ... feet
shampoo is good 4/5 - more like conditioner , very thick and very foamy . helped dry scalp feels clean . not my favorite scent :-)
i truly love just about all of alfred sung perfumeshard to find been lucky finding them at marshall'slouve the scent so soft not too loudbut a very nice fragrance
love the cnd grapefruit sparkle shellac . it is a very delicate pink color and the sparkle is just perfect , subtly noticeable :) ) will definitely purchase again !
this is a very good product , it made my hair silk and smooth , itlasted a long time and i am ready to purchase more ! reat line !
for deep beautiful waves buy this hot tool . i still have it almost a year later and it works perfectly fine still .
nice stuff . so far so good . leaves my skin feeling smooth . thanks so much .
i have very sensitive skin and cannot tolerate fragrances . this product checks those boxes and provides such a nice moisturizing effect . i would highly recommend !
this stuff is awful . it it more reflective than glowing or shimmering ... i just think 1980s frost ... not a good look .
it works great as concealer or ultra coverage foundation . my professional makeup teacher recommend it and it's really great . you won't regret it
the product looks old and dried up at the botttom . the color appears darker . this is worth $ 1 . will never buy again
sparkly makes a good gift cheep and cute not a fan of the green one it looks very childish and you need a base coat under
does a great job of moisturizing my dry skin . i use it every day . has a great scent , too . highly recommend it .
this brush is great for my extensions and also for my natural hair . it reduces static cling which my natural hair has very badly .
these work well , even on fine hair . stays in well . loved the colors and the size . seem to be pretty durable
this is a good conditioner but i didn't notice a significant difference compared to other conditioners that cost far less .
i bought this product because my sister suggested it , so i bought it to give it a try , and it works pretty well .
application was great and for the first few days the matte effect look nice but after a few days it seemed to wear off .
i love china glaze . all other white nail polishes leave streaks for me .. but this one didn't ! i would recommend this !
a beautiful collection , with colors that match anything , too faced or urban decay put out ! the only difference this is a fraction of the cost !
fast shipping ! sigma make great brushes . and with better deal . all of my make up brushes are from sigma . love love love
love this brush for concealer ! ! ! i need to buy a few more for myself and my makeup freelance kit ! ! ! .
best facewash ! i have used many high end brands - shiseido , chanel , la prairie - but this one is my favourite .
the lipsticks are creamy and smooth . just that , three of the colors don't suit my skin tone , ( it's brown )
this arrived so quickly ! all of the colors were in tact and are very pigmented . this is going to give me so many more options now !
i absolutely swear by these hairbands ! i cannot go back to any other , they are slim sleek and just perfect
quick shipping , great product , i would recommend this product to anyone that wants a good dark tan and it smells good too .
this deodorant smells so good . it is to wet when first applied . also does not spray out like an aerosol , it spays out like a pump .
my nails so clean you can see yourself in them . not even a scrap of nail polish left . xd !
this nail polish is beautiful when you put it on , but never lasts more than a few hours even when i put a clear coat over it .
love the color does dry fast worth the price i paid for it . cute with glitter or cute lil gems !
is was and is still very soft the cap was very soft l like it color , the color was just like the picture .
the thins lashes make your eyes look long and natural the thick ones make you look like you have a caterpillar on your eyes .
this is the best moisturizer that i have ever used . it is great for dry skin and also helps prevent pimples . i love it !
this is a great fragrance if you're looking for something that wears off nicely . it isn't too over powering and has a nice scent when it wears off .
loving my elite brush seti haven't used it yet but the texture feels great.nice brush set at reasonable / affordable value
we have sensitive skin and the cetaphil works well to clean your face with out causing any irration or anything . it leaves my skin feeling soft and fresh !
i mean i got what i paid for they feel like dollar store barbie hair very cute but very plastic . and wasent really felling them .
if you like bling at a good price , you will like this . does not look cheap , can be worn with anything .
these cases are a good value - lots of room , cosmetically sleek and able to keep all of your makeup together in one place .
these colors are so pretty ! there very silky and easy to apply ! the colors are very pigmented and good quality
amazing neon pink that stands out and screams " look how awesome i am ! " perfect neon with the amazing essie quality
this is a fun bright pink glitter , pretty close to what it shows in the picture , and you only need two coats perfect ! ! !
this nail polish was the perfect shade of bright green that my mom has always wanted and she loves it . it looks really pretty on her long nails .
this has really been helping me with some new acne i have been getting . its clearing it up quickly . be sure to wear sunscreen with this product .
it's hard to find mascara that always goes on smoothly and comes off easily at the end of the time . this was disappointing .
very nice body wash that doubles as bubble bath ! smells wonderful and doesn't irritate sensitive skin . i will definitely be buying again .
this is a very nice product for the price . it's just a fun hair clip to wear for the heck of it !
the only disappointing this is i thought it would be bigger but whatever , it feels great on my skin and perfect to highlight with
i have used this product for over 10 years and it is wonderful for mature skin . i would highly recommend it .
this shampoo is a little more drying than other giovanni shampoos . this shampoo leaves the hair feeling tangled even after conditioner is used . i prefer 50:50 shampoo .
it smells like soap : ( a co worker likes it a lot so secret santa will be where this is going .
my daughter used this product and i was impressed with her shine so i decided to try it also . it does all it says it will .
i do love the smell very much , but the scent does fade away after an hour or two . not happy !
i love it . it goes through my hair really well . but i have to detangle my hair first to avoid breaking it .
this is one of the very best astrigent acne fighting pads that i have found yet ! very fadt shipping due to prime . thank you !
love this lipstick . it glides on , keeps my lips moist and the color stains my lips so it lasts for hours .
i love essie polishes . essie products are very consistent in the quality . it goes on smoothly and dries very fast .
i love all the colors . especially for this price the quality is amazing . you can create many looks for day and night time
this is a very dense brush , applies my liquid foundation amazingly . would definitely buy another one as a spare when this one is dirty .
i am not sure how much firming it does but it makes my skin nice & smooth . it's light and seals in moisture all day . great product .
love the product , but after use the consistency changes and becomes very loose , somewhat watery . still used it but wont but it again .
i really like the " light " and sweet smell of this perfume . not an over the top scent , but " fun " and " youthful " .
i use this every day and it keeps my hair from having any brassiness . love it ! ! ! great service , too ! a +
great moisturizer for body too greasy for my face . i bought the oil free formula for my face . i love it !
this is a pretty bow but way to large to put it on the nail will have to see what else this can be used for !
the burning ! i wish i could have used it but my eyes would not stop watering when i tried to wear it .
my favorite color ever ! i'm addicted to it . the polish lasts well too , but i only use it on my toes .
it is very assorted in colors . i use the brown ones to color in my eyebrow and have no problem with it flaking off .
i purchased this for my daughter and she is very happy with it . the tools have allowed her to get creative . good purchase !
this conditioner is moisturizing but the bottle is small and i used it up in a month.lol . i would purchase again but i found something better .
the brushes are great for the price . they work well and are easy to clean . i just wish that they came with a carrying case .
really liked the citrus fragrance , but it had no lasting power . couldn't detect it after only an hour or so .
you do have to be careful to not scratch your nail with this . just keep it at a low angle .
it makes the hair more manageable and soft to touch . the hair is healthier and has more sheen . i would purchase this again .
she likes using this to dry her nails faster and to share this with her friends in school to get done faster
i love this cream . ive been using it for years tried a few different creams but always come back to this one
but i switched to olay serum - only because i'm not a 20 year any more :) thing face treatment is actually good .
i use the acne cleansing brush even though i don't have acne . it does a better job of cleaning out blackheads than the other brushes .
the best ... skin care ... skincare ldel cosmetics retinol night cream , 1.7- ounce jar ... highly recommend it soaks in nit greasy and reasonable price .
it was recommended that i use this product to minimize scarring on my face after a facial procedure . it worked ! ! !
i like it . was a bit darker then i thought . but it works well . no complaints . don't really like the sponge it comes with .
this smells wonderful ! i am very happy with this smell . it is very unique as i've never smelled anything like it !
if you want the plate holder get it but it's really not needed and i barely ever use it . paper towels work just fine .
cant say its the best mist it isnt that great . make up looks nice the minute you apply and later fades on and doesnt last longer .
this is a beautiful hair comb & a fantastic price . it is very dressy , but such pretty colors , i couldn't resist . i was not disappointed .
i bought this brush in both the regular size and purse size . a must for long hair extensions . no pulling , just smooth brushing .
i'd give it five but i am not thrilled about the greasiness of the product but i know it's probably necessary for what it does .
they can hold any length wig & deal with the weight . i bought 2 more for future purchases . i'd rather have the stands first before the wigs .
the color didn't come out how i wanted it but it is a pretty nice lip stick . i will continue using it under different shades of lip gloss .
this product was recommended to me by a spa ... extremely happy with it and price was great .
have been using ciara for years . always get compliments when wearing . the scent remains with you , well worth the money .
just got in the mail today and it doesnt look as filled as it does in the picture . i dont really care though
wish i had known about this product sooner ! ! ! would highly recommend it to family and friends ! looks excellent ! very little practice .
i keep my eye cream in the fridge & use every morning . feels great & helps with puffy morning eyes . light smell absorbs quickly .
i always buy this hand cream , is really great for dry skin . not greasy at all . highly recommended . thanks very much .
this color is so nice , goes great for summer or spring wear . very light and looks good on most skin tones ive seen it on .
very good for the price . the space for the lip color is a tiny circle.but is useable . i apply it with a lip brush .
i get a fair amount of compliments when i wear this cologne . it smells great when you put it on and lasts all day !
excellent brush , i am sure it could have many uses . but i use it to define my brows and also to apply a powder eyeliner .
it works as it says however i found it a bit uncomfortable in the beginning . it can also get a bit messy .
it arrived on time and in good condition . great product even for my very short hair even though it is meant for long hair . very happy .
these butterfly slices are so cute and a fun change in nail decorations . i usually do flowers so i'm really excited to have something fun and different .
perfect ... as described and delivered quicklyrecommended for all who love gel nails . cleanser type product that sanitizes the nail prior to applying gels .
this stuff is so great . i apply it with my finger to a slightly wet nail and the look is amazing . glitter ... bonanza ...
this cuticle pusher works very well and does not damage my nails like other metal tools i have used . great product , reasonably priced !
the bag is cute ( i received a red one ) but very thin . i wish it were lined but at the cost it's a great product .
i do my nails weekly and this makes a difference when you have the right tools . i love this file
been using this non-stop and i guess this big big one is really value for money and able to save a bit on my pocket .
i received them on a few days ago and i am excited to use them this weekend . they are beautiful colors .
i work out a lot and sometimes get very sore from over doing it . a bath with espom salt works out the soreness and makes me sleep better .
love dr . haushka.used it for years and then i stopped using . so glad to be back on it now . helps control my rosacea .
i received this as a gift . it is one of the best smelling lotions i have gotten in a long time
i use this product for my hand eczema . it works at keeping the dry skin on my hands soft . i really like this natural product line .
cheeky's new 2013 jumbo plates are most excellent ! well etched designs for every nail art occasion . a must have for your nail art stamping library !
they were nicer than i expected . they have a nice weight , balance and feel to them . i would buy these again .
i like the ease of this foaming cleanser , it goes on quickly and comes off even quicker . i like it .
this is a great value for a high quality product . i use it in my shampoo bars and everyone seems to love it . i will buy again .
best ever ... miracle of aloe miracle hand repair - 8oz qty : i bought several and it is the greatest product i have ever used .
i really like the white shoulders by evyan as i have used it for years and have not found any other perfum that suit me like the white shoulder
this mascara really lengthens and separated my lashes almost eliminating the need for a lash comb . i just love it !
if you need a good cleaner for your sponge or any other makeup applicator you need this . i have used countless different cleaners and this is the best .
it's easy to get other colors off to re-use for another color . it's a soft brush and puts on eyeshadow beautifully . i'm very happy with my purchase :)
it smells great , has all good stuff in it , and feels really nice on the skin . all around good purchase .
usual vaseline high quality , with a touch of cocoa scent . feels extravagent and is great for my skin too . good buy !
this product is amazing ! ! ! it leaves my hair very soft ! ! i use it 2x a wk . especially after using a flat iron !
i highly recommend for any crafts at a fraction of the price you would get these at a craft store .
these are a good quality brushes and do its job as it tends to do .. its kind of pricy but its ok for the quality you get
the eye cream is too thick . it didn't help the fine lines that much no better than what i was using .
i usually buy benefits , but this was so much cheaper and did the job just a well !
very snug around the hairline . covers all my hair . i just received it so i cant ' say anything about its " shelf life " .
i was pleased with my order and how soon it came . bot to mention the cheap price for it ! best deal around
itbdidnt work for me . i also hated having to squirt myself with cold spray right after a hot shower ! no thanks !
i mainly use this when i want to leave my hair out . moisturizes well and help with locking in the moisture . i would recommend this product .
it is ok , but after use it i will get acne more in my face ... so i use it with water or to make it with other mask
best supplement and probiotic i have ever taken and works well.ever since i took these , i haven't been having negative symptoms
been using this product for years fills in those tiny lines around your eyes makes you feel younger without having the exspense of botox highly recommend !
i love how this made my hair and scalp fell and it smells great too . i will buy another bottle .
worst stamps every the images are useless if they don't go on easy ! can't give this away if i tried ! !
poor quality . really made in china.was very cheap so at least justifies the price ... wasn't so happy.but two stars for effort
i'm spoiled . i can't use anything else . this stuff is not only great , but it makes your hair smell like christmas
i am not a fan of this product . i wish i did not purchase it but for the price its not that terrible a loss
i love these wipes . i use them regularly and feel confident that i'm eliminating germs when ever i use them .
its a sterdy wig , looks fake in certain lighting but over all a good buy ! you will have to trim it up some .
this was an excellent product . it made picking up the tiny jewels very easy . i would recommend . there were not any downsides to tis pencil .
good overall cleanser . gentle enough to remove eye makeup as well . i use several cleansers and this is my favorite so far .
this is a great product and it does what it claims it will ! i am very happy that i ordered this !
i ordered this product too because my daughter ordered it and she really likes it too so i ordered it and am sure to like also .
this didn't thrill me like it did everyone else who reviewed it . it lasted quite a while and looked very natural . overpriced in my opinion .
they do exactly what they are supposed to would absolutely recommend them . i also got the straight ones they are good too
it does its job at covering the imperfections but it still gave the racoon eye effect . maybe if bl ; ended wit another product .
i just dont see any benefits to this product.it hasnt help remove any old age / liver spot.ive used it for several weeks .
it covers very well . very creamy ... maybe a little too creamy ? i just wish it lasted longer . still my favorite concealer out there .
awesome array and variations of the colors . i suggest using a primer and base to get the color that you see .
this conditioner along with its partner shampoo actually makes a surprisingly huge difference on my dry and damaged hair . i really like how well it works .
i started buying this conditioner because my hair stylist used all of alter ego's products . this stuff lasts a long time so it's a good buy in my book
i love gelish ! ! ! the color looks like the picture only under black light but it is close without it more of a highlighter green !
i was using the product to remove gel polish on my nails not so good but it does remove other polishes
love the fresh fragrance of kai . the scent lasts . the roll on dispenser dispenses small amounts which is great . perfect to keep in your purse .
they are exactly what i needed for my studio . full dramatic lashes that don't look like crispy plastic . can't wait to use on clients .
smooth applicationthe applicator puts the liquid eyeliner on very precisely and with easedries instantlyand is easy to take off at the end of the night without scrubbing ,
this kit looks cool but does not work very well . the image dries to quickly when trying to put it on your nails
this is a great seller . item as described . great deal . i bought a few of these for stocking stuffers and they were perfect . thank you .
i like this skin cream for two reasons . it feels luxurious on my skin and really seems to work . my skin does feel and look younger .
i love the look . i was just expecting it to be a little bigger ... ugh . wish i would have known ..
just as i expected , this is a great item , i am amazed it arrived and wasn't chipped or broken at all !
it fades just as quickly as your $ 2 stuff down at the drugstore . also leaves lips feeling dry and cracked .
easy to rub on the eyes doesnt tug much creases a little but if buy again they blend alright . dont depot them with heat though the consistency changes
this tape does it's job . the colors are a little basic but they really look pretty on my nails . lol
it does not stay on my skin at all . very sheer and full of bad chemicals . there are better products out there
took a trip to hawaii and used itevery day - got a nice tan andno burn - love this lotion
got it 3 weeks early =] and the colors are fantastic the case sleek and perfect definitely a steal =]
save about $ 25 than bought at macy's why don't buy it here ? money is hard to get , easy to spent . i will buy again here
i love this color . there's really not much to say about it . it definitely pops ! this makes my list of favorite colors for sure .
this foundation is semi-sheer and if applied correctly ( very lightly ) is as good , in my view , as higher priced department store cosmetics .
nice smell and lotion . i really like the lip balm too.the lotion is not sticky.it absorbs quickly into the skin , which i love .
creamy formula glides on lips . non-irritating despite the fact it has a spf 15 ; most sunscreens irritate my lips . definitely will buy again .
been using this product for years , and still loving it , and the price is right too , cheaper than buying it in a store .
i'm very fair , think norse complexion . so this , while it does good with coverup , it's just too dark . makes a mask on my face .
this a very good product , was a great price but i think the shipping is way too high.orobably won't order again .
color is vibrant and even though its a matte lipstick it glides on easily . kinda long lasting also , great buy . its a sexy pink
good lord this was so small i couldn't believe it ! great stuff , but image products are way better for the money .
these strips have something in them that makes my whole body itch . i have to take allergy medicatication after using .
great eyeliner . easy to use , smudge proof . nice crisp line without the harsh look of liquid eyeliner . great little angled brush too .
item i received did not match the picture , and the tube i received was mostly empty . will be getting a refund .
this seems to be way too soft to really do anything for my skin . i gave half of them away .
thank you those are amazing and beautifull in fact to time i think to ask more next time because i think the needed
great coverage for gray and good color retention . have been using for years mixed with other clairol blondes ( see my other reviews ) .
was happy to get them there were 6 in the bag like the smell i use one already wen i did my nails and pedicure def gonna buy more
worth the price ! it is the best primer i have used under my foundation . will purchase again and again and again !
don't ever buy another manicure brush from a beauty supplier . this is the best value for your money and is the exact same quality product !
these pads are so convenient . i use real cucumber slices but when not available these are nice to have .
great brushes ; i love them and have the mineral set and also the regular set . they are very soft and do not shed at all .
i prefer the honeysuckle , but this is nice . i like how clean it makes you feel and rinses clean right away . nice soap .
i love essie polishes and this one is now one of my favorites ! its adorable and stays on forever . gorgeous color .
only used one so far , i have to wash it to know wat the quality is like . but i tink its great value
it was being compared to wen not even close this is very runny and left my hair feeling funny like it had a residue on it
my niece is in love with this make up set . it has just about everything you need all in a cute case .
it makes your face and skin really soft and supple . i am quite pleased and use it often . i will be buying it again !
i like the scent but it is to strong . the lotion is really watery and it doesn't moisturize my skin . going to buy another lotion .
i use as a face soap . aveeno has always been an excellent product . i would definitely recommend this soap to others who have sensitive skin .
it doesn't bother me that there are multiple colors , i enjoy having a vast selection of striping tape at a cheap price .
real heavy and you use them for long time good price for money black and long good filing tools . buy
i love this . all of it . it's portable . and it's so cute ! the leopard is my fave , and what girl doesn't love animal print !
my daughter and i use it all the time to do designs in our nails . i love it because i could handle it easy .
i have long , curly hair and use this brush to detangle / brush my hair when wet . it's a good quality brush .
love the fact that i do not get too much of my hair in this is any . well made and strong .
wow what an amazing color . goes on creamy and has a great shine gloss finish . you can wear this with a natural eye or a bold look
i can tell you i have loads of fun with these eyeshadows . they stuck to the eyelids and didn't flake off . i don't use eye primer either .
i love the smell of this product . i wish it were easier to lather on , though . i love the company because it's eco-friendly .
earlier this year i purchased a macadamia set , which contained a small bottle of the shampoo . it has a lovely smell and leaves my hair clean .
i use this product with other wen products . it doesn't leave my hair stiff and remains soft . i recommend this product
nail powder is so cool anyone would love these so try them you will not be sorry in the lease
this little set has everything you need for a mani or pedi . it comes in a nice little pack , easy to throw in anything and go .
smelled like cheap handsoap . not orange-y as i had hoped . it seemed creamy but the scent was just not as described .
smells terrible ! i cannot believe olay would sell a product that smelled so strong.very disappointed ! good moisturizer ! smells very strong .
girlfriend loves the color and still uses it so her lips don't dry out so shes happy with it =)
the product is what i wanted.very powerful so do like very much , and i would recommend to my friends
this color is perfect . deep , bright , gorgeous . the formula is perfect . i hardly needed a second coat . everyone needs this color ! !
these are such poor quality and look so cheap ! they look like they're made of plastic . they are not the least bit flexible .
keeps my face nice and moist . awesome mask for the late nighters . don't have to use a lot to get great results .
this item broke when i was trying to put it on . oh well . thank goodness i didn't pay a great deal for it .
works just as well . enough said . but they want me to put in more words so here they are ! there .
doesn't provide much concealing under eyes , which is where i wanted it . the highlighter seems most helpful of the two .
i love gelish ! i probably own over 30 of their colors and this one is just another perfect addition to my gelish collection ! ! i love it !
this stuff does nothing but make a mess . did nothing to my skin . total waste of money . don't bother with this .
love the wedge they help with foundation and mistakes need another bag almost empty good choice if u buy them
i also use the shampoo . missed this item when it was off the market . really enhances my white hair . leaves hair soft but still manageable
its great because its portable however you cant style your wig on it because there isnt enough structure to it
i think the world of this product . does wonders for ones skin and works well for people with sensitive skin . i am hooked on it .
i am so excited to start seeing result have been taking it for about 3 days now with no problems the pills are easy to take
i was looking for something to work with acrylic but these seem to fall apart and loose the brissel how ever good with gel
this is the best product ever made in this world . glad i can order through amazon now instead of just dhc
love this powder it makes your skin glow and its has a shimmer but not much thats why i liked it . i recommend this product .
so cute need to master my cutting skills to get them really thin so i can apply them to my nails so many designs
no sculpting of any sort that i can see ... but a good basic cream . gentle on skin . moisturizes nicely . nothing spectacular .
noce for a change . i like the fact it has an applicator brush in a lower compartment of the case . long wearing .
a great scent and works up a great lather . would certainly purchase these again . classic old spice fragrance and what you would expect from old spice .
purchased this for my husband for father's day and he loves it . i definitely will recommend others to try it .
many different shapes . love the containers and the came quicker than i was told . will have lots of fun with these
i've used olay regenerist and difinity cleansers for years . just now started with pro-x . pro-x seems to be a little better .
i'm still using it and its made a difference in how easily the flat iron glides through my hair . and it leaves the texture more soft and manageable .
i love this mascara and have used it non-stop since discovering it . i have used full sizes and mini sizes and they all work great !
as good as i remember it when it first came out . it really does smell like roses . who can resist that ?
i think i use this plate over 20 times with all images the notes though is my all time favorite
m2 skin care hp skin refinish 20 % 50 ml . i returned this because it is too oilly , and too thick
another great opi product ! love the color and it goes on really well . polish also stays on well . would recommend this one !
this color goes on smooth with okay coverage . i'd put a lighter base coat under it to make the color pop . it's a very pretty spring color .
this is perfect . exactly what i needed to store my stamping plates . i would diffidently recommend this . this is a great product .
i put this product on the ends of my hair after washing it . it works very well for me . i highly recommend it .
rich red wine color . nice matte look . stays on longer than most lipsticks i have tried . great price for pack of 2 .
slides on so easily , has a lot of sparkle to it , more orange to it than in the picture .. but it is okay .
i really like this conditioner and will buy it again.nice and light when applying , great detangler.easy rinse and adds body .
this a a great product for severely dry skin . it helps moisturize , heal , and protect my kids skin which is excessively dry due to eczema .
i loved the thought of playing around with these strips , but i just can't manage to get them to work on myself . just too complicated .
i love this product . the seller has an awesome line of products . i will continue to purchase from halaeveryday . great prices and quick shipment .
purchased this for my niece for chrismtas and she loves it ! she is having fun changing her nails as often as she wants .
very silky with buildable coverage . does exactly what it says , even stayed on after a cardio session at the gym , liquid gold .
they won't stick to my nails , i've tried a few alternatives but i haven't quite figured out how to make them stick well enough .
so suprised and disappointed that this product did not work at all . i had hopes ... oh well . money wasted i guess .
i finally found something that works ! i love the way my hair looks and feels it gives volume to your hair without adding weight .
i just start using make-up and being a being new person at make-up this make this soooooooo much easy to do.thks
i've been very happy with this product ! couple it with the intenserx and you have a great recipe for extending your keratin treatment ! i highly recommend !
this self tan tanning applicator mitt is awesome . i recently applied a self tanner using this mitt and it went on perfectly , no blotchiness or streaks .
this hair dryer works great and it was so cheap . it is perfect for travel use or for a young teen who doesn't need a really expensive one .
love the color and blends in really well . i'm fair skin asian and color goes well with my skin tone .
it's a good color and all but you have to put a lot of layers on to get a bold red . =/
love it ! very good for thick curly hair . my toddler and i have very sensitive scalps and there are no tears or ouchies when using this product !
gentle yet effective and it smells refreshing . i wish i had more for each shower . you should suds up and try it .
it is not really extra large . it feels very small . just average size . i wish the actual product was extra large as advertised .
this is my absolute favorite foundation ! it has a great matte finish and looks great almost all day with minimal touch-ups required !
perfect for applying bronzer to neck and chest . could use it for contouring with a light , careful hand . very soft and flexible
my boyfriend originally bought these and he really digs them . so i decided to try it out .. now we both like them :d
these were a mess ! they came in scattered all over the place . threw them away .
great quality brush , nice big and fluffy . super soft and works like a charm to apply powder or even bronzer .
great price loved the size and awsome order it was a great gift she loved it will order again ! ! ! in the future
my wife used this product and was happy with it ! she said it didnt feel like it over dried her skin and had a pleasant smell to it .
this sunscreen is very nice , soaks into skin well , but not sure i'll buy it again because it is very expensive .
i expected it to be just a little larger , but overall i love it . it looks good and is comfortable .
easy to apply looks good on stays on all day has a ice mat finish and i over all like this product
it works awesome with only a small amount needed ! also works great to thin new nail polishes that are a little too think or dark
needs to have the hair spaced out more . i don't know why they insist over putting the hair so tight . you can easily see the band .
i bought for myself n sister in law n we luv it we're already guna buy some more cuz we are all out will be buying more from this seller
i used to love dove body washes , but it seems like this is so much thicker than it used to be and i just don't like it .
it goes on smoothly and stays on all day definitely recommend this , if you want neutral tones this is a winner
it's like getting a real facial for less . it leaves my skin feeling smooth , radiant and less ashy . its so worth it !
nothing like i expected . didnt feel any different than reg hair color . isnt what i wanted . but whatever , wont buy again
this product made my hair very dry , did not add any moisture to my hair . i will not be using it again .
the perfect prep for a smooth polish finish . goes on smooth , dries really fast . i never do a mani / pedi without it .
i like this product as a lotion and not a liquid . and the scent was too much , gave it to my husband to use after shaving .
what can you say about a scunci ? they're okay . they work . my daughter can wear a ponytail without ripping her hair . that's all folks .
darker than it showed in the pic your wayyyyyyyyyyyyy better off buying it in a store just a tip so you don't waste your money if you have light skin
so i like it for a hairdryer but i bought is as a quiet hairdryer for grooming a skittish pup and it is not quiet .
this fragrance it's not for a 15 years old cause it's too serious and too manly , smell great for 30 + man .
although its says transparent , it dries out white and clumpy . not worth it at all ! waste of money & there are better glue available .
works great and has a wonderful fresh smell ! love the color glaze too - this keeps the red out of my hair .
great iron . hair is shiney and smooth and i don't burn myself as often with this iron as with other irons .
very disappointing , not applicable as serum it was more like a sticky gel that covered the skin instead of adsorbing in the skin .
fabulous hair care products . been using them since 1979 and always go back to them after i have tried something else .
it's a little bit drying , so i use chapstick down first . it can get into cracks if your lips are chapped , but it's a beautiful color .
a + + + long lasting , fragrant and sudsy . a favorite and will probably buy again in about a year since it lasts so long .
easy to use but not really comfortable to sleep in ... regardless , it did curl my hair in a short period of time .
i have used it only once . i don't know what the results are supposed to look like but i didn't mind using it .
maybe i have sensitive skin but this seems too rough . maybe i'll use them to scrub sinks or shower walls . :(
when i don't get enough sleep the dark circles appear . i have used this product twice already and really like the results .
i love how many nails there were in this package . they are sturdy and easily cut / buffed / shaped . great amount for the cost !
it came really fast . and i love that they are soft yet stiff enough to use . they apply very well . i am overly satisfied .
i love this oil ! it works great on its own as a moisturizer or hair treatment , but i also use it to scent homemade beauty products .
would highly tourecommend . this product keeps my face clear hydrated and even shrinks my pores . definitely a must have , part of my daily routine
i guess i underestimated the shimmer . it was everywhere and i only used a small amount . the color was pretty .
so cute and only took maybe two weeks to come from china . which is great ! they work amazing and are so cute love the colors ! ! !
this works much better with apple cider vinegar i love this powdered mask ... i instantly notice a difference after i first used it .
i love this shea butter ! it is so nice and smooth and makes your skin so soft ! great item for sure !
this colour is a bit paler than i had hoped for . for a great pink i suggest sugar and spice also by gelish
soft and don't shed at all and good bargain , a lot more at that beauty chain u * ta i'm going to buy another for my gym bag
dries fast and super shiny . this is definitely the best topcoat out there - way better than essie . it's available in beauty stores for slightly more .
very very nice product moisturizing , leaves skin soft but not greasy .. a must have for beauty routine i finally have a product for all skin uses
when i changed it to the thicker curler it didn't want too work but other than that i love it
i love these . i always try to go cheaper with the sephora or store brand ones , am disappointed every time and come crawling back .
didn't really moisturize my skin , smells like band-aids , and made me break out . i won't be buying any more in the future .
beautiful colors , look nice in the nails.bellos colores , lucen preciosos en las uñas . i recomend it , i like it .
love this brush . my favorite . i purchased one for my sister and i can't wait for her to use it
these pencils are by far the best ones i've had they glide on quick and easy and easily to remove
este products lo uso en lugar de el vacuum de la maquina , es decir , es una extension perfecta mente adjustable y no necessito compare una micro .
it looks really good over the need a tan color . arrived super fast . i love it ! will keep buying it .
this is one of my favorite john frieda products . it really works and doesn't make my hair greasy or feel funny . it smells really good too .
will dry your hair out and tangle / break off your hair . waterfall mist is the best and moisturizing for natural 4b hair .
love love love these products . i now buy them if the larger sizes because they are great for my problem hair .
i depotted them along with the natural palette ! these shadows are gorgeous and highly pigmented ! everyone needs to have this in their collection !
many compliments ; bought extra for gifts . hope they hold up . might order some more for gifts for others . great idea .
love the color i am just waiting to see how long it last . looks ten times better then the gray lol
decent size bottle for the price . this shampoo smells great . i love tresemme products . works great on my curly hair .
i think pureology is a bit pricey but i just love the results it gives my hair ! i always go back to it !
love these . easy to shape . strong . got compliments on them . i rounded mine . if i could attach a picture i would .
they were too small and i ended up giving the set away to my niece for her dolls . not as impressed as some folks are
they are ok . don't really do a good job equalizing the size of the dot compare to other dotting pens i have .
i like the smell and it works great . however it leaks a bit so that is why i did not give it 5 stars .
rich and creamy . non greasy . absorbs well into newly cleansed skin . wonderful after this harsh winter . i will keep buying .
i love these ! ! ! it only took 4days to arrive . i can't wait to use these on my nails ! !
it's the same old stuff they have had around for years . nothing new ... use too much it leaves a white film .
i get a ton of volume with this product . i apply it the same way i would a dry shampoo and not as a typical hair spray .
this is a lovely men's shampoo - leaves hair feeling fresh , soft and clean . very nice ; i will definitely buy again !
these are great . they go on easy , stay on , and look great . also , the twin pack is affordable . i recommend .
it is too dark for me . i mix it with lighter colors when i want to wear it . good quality , though .
this palette is amazing in every single way . there are so many colors to choose from and the packaging was great . this is a big thumbs up .
it only takes a little bit to do the trick . my skin feels soft and smooth after using this with the chaacoca moroccan exfoliating mitt ( b004vsn3me
is not the best but is ok , it helps a little bit , too soft , but better than nothing , next time will look for a better quality
100 multi color 5mm silicone lined micro-ring links beads linkies for ... it came on time i got all 100 beadswill by more
nice sharp scissors that get the job done ! my eyebrows are much more groomed now . also was able to use them to carefully trim my nose hairs .
smells nice , but haven't noticed it helping with my dry scalp . also , a drop the size of a large green pea makes way too much lather .
broke right away . may have had a pair that just wasn't made right but they broke right away and i wouldnt buy again
this eye pencil went on crumbly and messy-would not order again .. it did nothing but make my eyes red
i have purchased these brushes myself and i love them . they have every brush that you could possible need . i am recommending this product for everyone .
this is my first brush of this type & i love it . i have full control when applying my eyeliner . better precision means a better wing !
i have not tried this out yet but i am looking forward on trying it out . it is not a cheap brush at all , very nice .
i have tried a few of the olay products and i do not care for any of them . leave a sticky feeling on the skin .
this is quite a good vanity mirror and you can see all theeyebrow hairs and other things on your face . a little pricesbut works ladies !
perfect tiny stones , very nice can be added to any decal with no problem , will be fun to play with .
one the provider shipped this product super fast and packaged really well and the price was very very reasonable and its super pretty !
i like iti thought it is with color like a foundationbut it just a shiny colorthe smell for it wounderful
i guess it did the job it says it would but dried out very quickly . used it everday and it was ok .
this is a wonderful product and really covers flaws , such as spots from the sun . i love it , the price is right and no shipping charge .
these are great designs however some don't always work which is a bummer ... im still trying them all out and i hope the majority of them work well ...
my curls feels so soft i want to touch them all the time ! this product smells really good . the price was excellent also .
very impressed with the quality of brushes so far.gives a really nice finish to foundation etc.does not shed ! yay !
i am very pleased with this product it gets out tangles annd is very good for long thick hair.im very happy with this
i bought it as a quick pick and love it . it smells great and leaves your hair nice clean and bouncy
it is a big bottle but it is expenpenve stilli would get it again i guess it good to have a big bottle
this can be left in hair , or rinsed out . strengthens thin hair , straightened hair , colored hair , reduces frizz . great fragrance .
these cloths work very good for removing makeup . so , they serve their intended purpose . i like them and they are cheap .
very well packaged and shipped fast ! i loved this color and couldn't wait to put it on as soon as i got it ! perfect spring color !
this is my favorite perfume of all time ! i rarely leave the house without this on.love love love this perfume ! !
should have ordered more of these . my frenz all come over to do their nails ... love the bonding time that we have doing nails .
french tips its the first time that i did this and did a pretty good job still need more time and make them perfect .
i gave this product four out of five stars because even though it's a pretty color , i haven't seen it on yet .
this is good especially as the winter progresses , but i prefer something a little creamier . i like the size for purse , desk drawer and car .
great colors , great pigmentation . really is metallic looking . so great for a more naturally bold look . i love these duos
muy bueno , para que la mujer quede con un olor y una fragancia muy agradable y seductora para el hombre mayor
i bought it for acnes and black heads . and it works . it gets everything out . clean and nice . recommend it
fits my babyliss ultra thin flat iron just fine . i love it and it keeps my table clutter free ! great product ! ! !
i love this color . it's sooooo cute ! and i love that it's easy to clean . it's light weight , too so it's easy to move around .
these are nice and thick not like the cheap crappy ones and great so everyone can have their own color , no more community loofahs !
i am taking this tablet for about a month and i did realize more shine and healthy looking in my hair but not significant for wow .
this product is ok as it keep my face moist and smells great but it also left my face a little irritated .
its authentic .. generic ... but good .. i have purchased it before offline . i got 2 deli type plastic containers of 8 oz
you get so much tape i can't imagine anyone using it all themselves ! wish it came with some type of holder for the rolls though
there is nothing about this pallet i do not like . makes a fantastic neutral smokey eye and i love the brown shadow for my eyeliner as well .
this comb is a great detangler . i . would buy it . again . i also snt my siser one . she lves it .
i did not seem much improvement with this product . i was surprised because olay has some good products out there . would not buy again .
i expected so much more of this product but it was like every other moisturizer i have tried and i think was not worth my money .
this nail glitter is pretty . i love the way the gold shimmers . this would be great colors with uv acrylic nails & the colors are brilliant .
despite the fact that one came headless ... i'm happy with them . i use them alot , and appreciate the price point
this works well for the lady , and has lasted a long time . she enjoyed it and would recommend based on that .
this is a must have and is a staple in any makeup collection . it came in perfect condition and sealed .
i would describe it as a classy thing - it's nice smell , soft appearance and skin after use is very soft . i like it .
cool idea . i love the way it feels on my scalp . i didn't know what to expect i am pleasantly surprised .
this did absolutely nothing , brassy tones are not reduced at all . cant really say any more about it than that .
this product unlike the other fragrances is a little heavier and makes your hair appear oily if you use too much
works the same as jojoba oil . jojoba is less expensive so i think i'll stick to jojoba when this is gone .
i believe that progesterone cream really works . when i was younger i used this cream to eliminate the discomfort from fibroids in my uterus .
love love love the colors on this palette so inexpensive and pigmented . i really enjoyed using this palette hope you guys love it too
plastic balls that are noisy , but i guess for the price it'll have to do the job .
i was watching youtube videos on contouring and ordered this bronzerit turned out to become very handyam loving it
always a great product ! goes on with no clumps , makes eyelashes long and full . not to mention , it smells like roses ... literally !
exquisite fragrance , sweet , fresh , sensual touches durable , makes you feel like a movie star , i loved it . totally recommend the purchase .
do not spend a fortune . a great product at a great price when compared to a brick and mortar store . very low key scent .
amir argan oil is a high quality lotion . i was pleased to purchase it on amazon , and the price is very reasonable too .
received it yesterday and was very happy because i used it the same day brushes do look cheap but does a expensive job !
this is a gentle cleanser that does not scratch or scrub . this is great for sensitive skin types like mine !
this provides a light softening effect , while highlighting and setting concealer around your eyes . i am very happy with this purchase .
as i mentioned before cant go wrong with bvlgari perfume for men . another order for a friend of mine . smells soooo good ! ! !
i had high hopes for these pills , but nothing has happened after a month , which makes me unwilling to keep trying .
for the price these brushes are of great quality . it did take a little longer to receive than i expected , but good product .
i love a man wearing this , and my son really enjoys it and says he gets a lot of " what are you wearing " from his friends .
this is a great eyelash curler , love how it leaves them after everyuse . doesn't hurt or pull my lashes . i will recommend this for sure
sharpens nice - and seems durable - i would purchase it againi have not used the bigger side yet
i like how the polish looks when on but u have to be very light stroking because very thick and dry for longer time
my hair is 3b - 3c curly and it makes my hair feel soft and wonderful . i don't use it more than once every two weeks
leaves a nice smell to your hair but does not weigh it down . makes curls behave when used with other products in this line .
this is very cute and for the price was a great choice , i recommend to anyone who likes bright shadow
wonderful cream , and as far as i'm concerned the fragrance isn't strong at allnot greasy , skin looks great after
i receive it before delivery date . and its the product i bought and the description were accurate . recommended good for nail art
i love this body wash . it leaves my skin feeling very soft . it's not greasy either . worth the extra money to buy the real stuff .
i love this eyeliner it goes on smooth and dark . i have trouble finding a good eyeliner that i just need to apply once
i live by this product line ! the mist is light-weight and it moisturizes skin . clean , crisp smell that is not over-powering . strongly recommended .
the staying power on this perfume , not that great ! after an hour the scent is gone ! not for me ! tamara
this is such a good mascara , doesn't flake , stays on until you take it off , and the best part , its cruelty free ! !
this is my go to lipstick and the best long wearing lipstick on the market . i would give this lipstick my highest recommendation . love it !
i got this kit for my daughter starter kit and she loves it and every thing she needed was in this kit
a beautiful deep green with green sparkles . i will wear this for christmas and st . patrick's day . i love gelish !
i would highly recommend to people with sensitive faces when trying various facial skin creams for moisture and protection against dryness .
holds plate steady while using and makes it easier to use the plates . i would definitely recommend to a friend
i like how the brush is cured a little at the tip so it makes it easyier to draw designs
everything is just as expected . i dont use the glue cuz im not too familiar with the brand , but everything else is perfect !
the shampoo is ok but the fragrance is a little too strong . it lingers even after washing with another shampoo .
a thick a creamy eye cream . i love it . i don't see any results other than it hydrates my under eye area .
this set is just as fabulous as everything else pueen has set out to serve us . fabulosity at its best .
i have thick wavy hair and this product feels best on my hair - i have tried many ! it detangles and conditions . love it !
see my other review for the shampoo . not greasy , softening , you don't need to use too much . it doesn't buildup on my hair . ditto !
i love this . i swim almost 4/5 times a week . the chlorine dries my hair and nails . the oil bring them back to life .
you gotta love olay products . i always love oil of olay i just wish the pro x products were a little be cheaper .
this it is a great shampoo to use it if you need a solution in heair treatment to you hair
it didn't do anything for me but not saying that it would not work for others .
great leave in . my hair is much thicker and holds a nice sheen and bounce . moisture without a drip . great body and my hair feels much healthier
the smell is amazing and lasts a long time . left my hair soft and manageable . perfect scent for the autumn
i have used this cream for years and love the way it moisturizes my skin without leaving it feeling oily or greasy .
i love this blow dryer ! it dries my hair so fast but without damaging it . i highly recommend this one and hope it lasts a long time .
ugh ! why did i think for a second this would ever work ? ? ? ! lol it was cheap so no harm done , oh well
excellent shampoo and conditioner . both my husband and i use these and are very pleased with this product .
worked wonders in smoothing out the hair and getting rid of my natural waves when used first time . strangely , didnt work the same way afterwards ..
great top coat . wear it over any polish i put on . definitely helps polish last longer and looks shinier . great
i love it it was so beautiful better than the picture , worth the wait and reat quality ! its a must buy
i use this oil mainly for my hair . i mix it with other carrier oils . this oil has done wonders for my scalp .
i am very disatisified with this product . it comes on thick and chalky and did not leave my skin moisturized . i would not recommend this product .
love these already ! a little stiffer than beauty blender , but still work really great ! especially like the flat one for contouring .
i use the purity with a mia clarisonic . the 16 oz bottle is more affordable than the clarisonic cleaner . saves me money and works great .
great quality . great price . i am very excited to use these . sturdy construction . i highly recommend this product . item as pictured .
i absolutely love this ! it gives me the perfect amount of coverage and i plan on buying more in the future .
wonderful product . it feels so refreshing putting it on and really decreases the wrinkles . best of all , it is not highly fragranced .
did not like this product , eye shadow wont stay on the brush ... bad quality , i guess its for littke girls
my friends are so jealous ! love it love it love itthe caviars works great , and they look great too .
have tried various shades of nutrisse , fairly good match to actual product shown on box . gentle on the hair just wished it lasts longer ...
good price for my replacement brush heads . the normal is a little bit coarser than the sensitive but not harsh for me .
want nail art theses little stones are like icing on the cake there are so many design s that you can create love them
this soap has a nice smell , it cleans perfectly but it some what drys the skin . you can apply a moisturizer after using it .
these worrk really on my nails . i had never use this before and i love them . they r the best and i will order much more .
this vitamin c serum is great as a moisturizer and is known for its antiaging effects . soft lines have disappeared and my skin is much softer .
i couldn't ask for a better concealer and at a great price ! ! i will definitely be buying this concealer again .
i've been using this lip balm since high school and love the feeling of this product ~ it's with spf and not oily on my lip .
i would recommend this product to anyone who blow dries or flat irons their hair . it's the perfect product for keeping it soft and manageable .
i love these forms will buy them all over again with out hesitation and love how the are easy to put on the finger :-)
great summer finger color . it looks good on toes too but i love that it's just fun enough for fingers without being too young girl .
goes on smoothly and transfers are great . i love this plate and its design , the images are unique and pretty .
a couple of the colors had broken , even though it was carefully packed . these pallettes are nice and the colors are intense .
it covered all my redness and stays matte all day . it even helped cover my acne scars and you only need a small amount each time !
although this is inexpensive , it just does not provide the moisture i get from higher quality shampoos . i love bed head and will stick with that .
i needed a brush and it was a good value and convenient as an add on to my items already being mailed to me
i have been using this product for yrs . now and love it . goes on smooth and leaves my skin feeling silky .
love this shampoo ! it smells natural and fresh for days and does a great job of really cleaning her coat ..
nice small compact easy to hold and nice spray for indoor plants.expected red , yellow , blue or green but no problem at all .
this is what i love a great product which everybody knows and likes at a perfect low price ! use it everyday ! love it !
i purchased 2 brushes and there great i use them only for my liquid chanel highlighter it treally blends great you will not go wrong with these brushes .
great price for two brush heads . legitimate clarisonic deep pore cleaning brushes . love them . def recommend if you have a clarisonic .
very nice color , and sizes . i was expecting less quality but looks very good so far now . cheap product but good
this palette is perfect and fits my mac eyeshadows . it's cheaper then the mac one and does the same thing . would definetely but more .
i have been using their honey lip balm for many years and i love it . so far i have used the foot cream and it is great .
not what i expected . total disappointment . and not like the ones i see here in the shops .. waste of money ..
i love nyx products :) shadows are so soft , its really great product . i love all colors . thx much for this palette
a great set to get . love the small nail designs , not that impressed with the full nail . would buy again .
this is oil not a lotion . love it though . all natural and just great for my dry facial skin . all natural too .
wife says that she loves this product because it does dry very quickly and that her paint job lasts a long time .
love this mask ! it seems to suck out all of the impurities and leave my face clean and fresh , totally eliminating breakouts !
i think that beauty brushes are slightly overrated , but they are a staple item that every girl needs in her makeup bag .
bought it when it was very cheap . love the quality that it's in . would recommend it to a friend . nice overall .
there was no problem with mailing since it came early . i have not used it yet so i might have to edit review for product later .
wow this stuff smells amazing ! one of my new favorite perfumes and i have been wearing it almost everyday ! love it !
ive only used one of the brushes it was ok havnt used it since . you cant beat the price on these id buy them again .
i tried using this banana boat sunscreen spray . it is easy to use and non-sticky unlike other sunscreen lotions . it works fine .
love how natural these look , nothing over the top ! good stuff . i got these to wear with my halloween costume and they rock !
very soft to skin , not greasy , makes for a wonderful tan . i wouldn't buy this lotion from anywhere else specially because of the price .
these are amazing brushes for this price ... way better thank expected and they cover it all if you are into makeup .. totally recommended :)
came early . colors are very vibrant im really excited to start using this on my nails . no repeats . id definitely get this again
i like this product , i have noticed less shedding of hair , received tightly packaged but was disappointed that the lid was broken , anyway will purchase again .
i never let myself be without this . it is gentle , effective and the almond has a great smell . i prefer it over other brands .
this mascara is really great , doesnt clump , makes your lashes look so dark and thick . i love this mascara , its my go to
hoping to be allowed to only order the white tube so i can use my own mascara - - but i love the effect ! ! !
nice hair clips for the money made out of metal they are a little heavy but should last a lot better then plastic happy with purchase
this product is good , but washes out too soon . my gray shows up with a week or so . guess i'll go back to permanent coloring .
thesegold & silver studs are super ! ! i wish i had gotten 2 packages ... super duper price for a great product . highly recommend these .
cool designs . i can create different designs and cute patterns . can not wait to try new styles on my nails
i really like this , not much to say , it works , stays in the skin , good texture and mate which i like
there are so many items here to choose from , which leaves the versatility open for creating hundreds of looks ! and the price ? ! unbeatable ! !
great eyeshadows long lasting . for a natural look these are perfect , colors go easily from day to evening and look great .
pretty and bright blush color palette , just need to get some shany make up brushes and all set for a great look !
absolutely luv this nail color zoya always to me has one of the best colors ! great buy it was hard to fine this color very happy with it !
this stuff really works . i have a nail biting problem and since i got this product my nails have started growing twice as fast . love it
bought this as a gift but not really one of my mom's favorites . she liked the waves but she thought it fit too loose for her taste .
the colors were not as true to what are shown . i will stick with the other i have consistently used .
didn't do anything for me and it is tough to rub in . as much as i love burt's products , this one might should be skipped
a very nice product for light , matte coverage . i'm over 50 and a little worried about makeup accentuating my " wrinkles " but this product works well .
this stuff smells great ! it's an earthy clean scent , not overpowering fake flowers . my hair is super smooth , i use all of these products .
this didn't work for me , saw no difference at all . i was expecting to see some improvement but was disappointed .
nice container . not too big not too small . it was just right for household project i had to do . excellent results .
this color is really dark but the shine in the color makes it pretty . if you don't normally wear dark colors then you might not like this .
perfect for both my husband and i to use to keep our nails in perfect shape . highly recommend this product .
brightly colored , the quality is also very good . comb your hair easily , cut small . sense for me to recommend it to friends .
so far so good for this blow dryer ... works well .. fairly quiet and has all the features needed for a decent economic price .
this shampoo works wonders for those of us who tend to have an oily scalp - all of john frieda's products are amazing !
one layer over any color . it doesn't have to be a holiday thing . asfar as the scent , i haven't been paying attention . 3
these are nice and shiny and the stick very well on nails ! ! ! i like that the colors are separate also !
i'm on my second jar and i love it.this eyebrow accelerator works wonders if you have ever over-plucked brows , works for me
i use this under my eyes and on my forehead at night . works great and leaves my skin looking moist and plump .
they look nice and you get a lot its just you have to tirm them at the end so that theyre no that long
i used this and it worked great . it has a strong smell ( fruity ) . this is just as good as mine 40 cleaner .
really pretty and shimmery colors , perfect for summer . cute packaging too , perfect for travel . def great for gift ideas too .
my dermatologist recommended it , love it ! great smellleaves hair soft and managableadds lots of volume and texture ! will buy again .
sex in the city colognes ... i love them ... the design of the bottle is excellent and great size . buy it
i love this polish ! it's so beautiful and very long lasting ! it's a bit more red than the picture shows but it's a must have !
does exactly what its supposed to do . i was worried about the band not fitting my drill but theyre perfect ! !
nice 2 pc crystal dappen dish for your nail art or your acrylic nails.very small and cute big enough for your powder and liquid
the compartments are not very full . but still a value for the price . really no complaints . i would buy this product again .
this holding spray does nothing for my hair . i have that mixed chicks hair and it should but it does absolutely nothing .
what can i say , it cleans my gray and black hair very well and it also cleans my hair well .
this product is so nice smelling , yet gentle . perfect for the entire family . loved it so much i bought for everyone .
this is a very very pretty polish , everyone compliments on it when i wear it . looked great when wore it to holiday party last weekend .
i love these eyelashes ! they look great . the price was great . i love them and will buy them again . great for everyday use .
i've been using it & i can tell the difference on my cellutlite , it gets easily absorbed & its a nice product
very good product . it really puts the shine and nourishment in your hair . this is a great product to use for dry hair .
the multivitamin power firm is the only product of dermalogica i can't live without . it smooths lines around the eyes and lips . a wonderful product !
looks and smells great ; not super strong so won't make your lashes super thick but looks nice . wore this all day and no smudging or smearing occurred .
great hair product ! looks great on men and woman's hair , even children's hair . doesn't give a greasy look or feel , just smooth .
it was a good midprice product to help stop damage . if your hair needs protein then this is a product u might wanna buy
i only had been taking these vitamins for 2 weeks and i felt new growth already . very happy with this product .
i love the assortment you get with this and the case is great . looking forward to better nail art now . shipped super fast . thanks .
this cologne sucks . it smells sweet and synthetic . after about 10 minutes , nothing is there . although the bottle is nice . never again .
and that's all . it left my hair kind of clumpy and sticky . i was very disappointed in this product . ended up giving it away .
look at all those wonderful colors and that mirror in the middle . just think of all the fun you could have trying so many different color combinations .
i would say , it was love from the first love between my hair and this product . deffinately doing good for my " thinning " problem .
beautiful color from essie , and this brand along with opi are my favorites . i am a lover of irridescent tones .
smells good , feels good , leaves hair smooth and almost silky . of course , i would recommend using the shampoo of the same brand and scent .
very pleased with this hard-to-find 3 pack of acetone-containing polish remover pads . they do a wonderful job , and i will be reordering as needed !
these are great for me to use for my at home application of my acrylic nails . the are small but does the job .
very very small bottle ... not enough to really give a review because it is just not enough in the bottle to warrant results ... smh
a bit softer than the one i was used to but seems to work well and is holding up well .
it's awesome and it dries fast and it's shiny and mine didn't get thick when i had the brush out for too long like some other top coats
my finger tips and toes are sparkly . i feel lovely . it looks very nice indeed . not too much , not too little . very good quality
i already had one of these had to come back and buy another one . does what its supposed to , i love it .
it made my hair shed like crazy and i dont like that . used it about three times . threw away the rest
needs to be washed before use because it has a dye like smell and it stains . otherwise , the size is great and the fit just right .
i am very pleased with the quality and price of this oil . it has exceeded my expectations for the price .
this dehydrate worked very well the smell was a little strong but i experienced no lifting and no problems with it overall i'm satisfied !
very nice hand soap . yardley is always good merchandise i really like it a lot . leaves your hands very soft .
feel and look great on you're nails to see it for you're self pay it ! i love this safe and easy to apply on you're nails .
certainly not great but , i guess i will use the rest of the bottle
the quality is much better than i expected to get . these are very good interments . i highly recommend them . great price too .
this product looks pretty on face for hours ! perfect color for many skin tones . been using it for years . thank you ! ! !
i can make that perfect bun on my head now that i see all the time ! thanks so much guys ! :d
this product leaves you hands moisturized and feeling good - and it doesn't leave them feeling greasy . the product really helps my dry nails and cuticles .
these brushes are fantastic . you can comb through your wet hair without pullingit out or hurting . definitely recommend this .
this is a perfect must have tool for your bathroom . i love using this for making my large high buns . it helps and makes the job easier .
the product is worth it . leaves the hair smooth and soft . will buy again but in a bigger size if available
this is a great product . my friend has one and i absolutely adore it . i have told all of my friends to go out and purchase it .
if you like a dark tan , this lotion can help you achieve that . good bronzers and great texture upon application . give it a try .
i have used these for years now . these are my absolute favorite ! ! ! the pad is so refreshing and exfoliating , but not to harsh .
these are the perfect size for adding volume to my fine hair . so far no issues with tangling . great price for 9 rollers so i am happy .
i really like vidal sassoon hair color , it's easy to use and last about 6 weeks . price is good also .
i do like it , but proactiv toner has a fresher smell , i'm going back to proactiv
all the colors are not so pigmented like the first row is not but the rest colors are so pigmented
leaves your hands so silky and soft . the fragrance is different from the shea cashmere , but still nice . arrived quickly .
i wish the brushes were numbered , but other wise they are a great product and at a very reasonable price !
love the colors , which of course are very colorful and pigmented as alway because they are shany ! love the mirror as well
it is a good price for those who need to pinch pennies . i prefer other brands for the best quality .
i'm not sure my lashes are getting longer , but they do seem to be a little thicker , and healthier looking .
this product really works fast , after a few times using it i can see the difference on my skin . i will continue using it .
i bought this with a uv-light and a gelish polish . everything works as advertised ! i don't know how it would go if you mixed and mathed products .
these help to cool and refresh my eyes , i use them bi weekly and really like them . i would buy again .
i have dry skin as well as oily skin and acne prone skin . it's not a fun combo to work with but this moisturizer sure helps !
smells wonderful , shipping was great , i can't seem to find bath salts online anymore , so this was a treat !
i didn't care for this product i was expecting the form to be a little thicker and it didn't bend very well either
not impressed at all and it stinks ! i didnt notice any difference in my tan at all . wont buy again
this clip is made of cheap plastic and arrived without instructions . needless to say , i threw it out . you get what you pay for .
it's alright , if you stop using it , the blemishes and scars start to become noticeable again , but fantastic for the price . cheaper than retinol .
i've worn this perfume for almost 10 years now . it's a beautiful floral scent that smells great . it lasts throughout the day and doesn't lose it's smell .
i don't like to feel or look like i'm wearing a lot of makeup and this line works for me .
i have used better skin cleansers . would not recommend . i use the dermolagica primer and it is wonderful . very disappointed in this product .
really dry and can't get anything out of the tin box with finger . don't know if i received an old batch or what ...
on of the best pressed face powders i have bought . i recently bought a cover girl pressed face powder for $ 9 and it's about the same quality .
what can i say . the product is at the top of its game and no one else special polish works like konad does .
this smells great and is very light on the hair . it can be used to wake up 2nd and 3rd day hair .
holds all my brushes and looks nice on my sink in my restroom can't complain about it at all . would recommend to a friend .
very smooth and blends extremely well . this product goes a long way so it will last a long time . great value for your money .
i like this moisturizer . i like that it is very moisturizing and has a good basic sunscreen . does feel more like a suntan cream though .
i wasn't impressed with this product . it didn't seem to do much for me , but at least it wasn't irritating .
love this , i have dry , colored , heat processed hair and it leaves it smooth and soft with out any feeling of something being in my hair !
this is a high quality product for dry skin . it is not overly perfumed and not offensive but does not smell bad at all .
nia 24 , hands downs down one of the best skin care companies out there !
i am so glad i listened to the reviews and purchased this product . i used to hate my hair curly until i tried this product . absolutely amazing !
it is easily attached and removed from nail . doesn't remove nail polish . it's a good quallity product and i would gladly reccomend it to everyone .
this truly is a wonderful palette . it goes onto my skin flawlessly and makes me look stunning , with some finishing powder , this look is amazing .
this was an introduction set for myself .. and i wouldn't really consider it more than that . however , the price was right .
if your hair is breaking you must buy " emergency " following instructions and be kind to your hair the result are awesome .
there was not even one product in this set that i found to be helpful for me . guess everyone is different though so it might work for others ?
this is a very cute necklace earring set . its great just for everyday wear and would make a nice gift for a young girl or an older lady .
the amount of designs you get with this pack is unreal , and the quality is great ... the price is also a deal in itself
i like this bottle , pump works good , just be careful not to tip it over it spills so easily and it is not intended for travel .
this is the most better mascara of the world . the results reached are amazing in only one applied , and it's dry and do not mess anything
this smells sweet like pink sugar and the pump is the best . this smells so good and leaves your skin smooth with no geasy feeling .
this is a really great oil that is commonly used for skin / hair , i've noticed a huge difference and am glad i have it on hand now .
i am really glad i got this palette may purchase again really love it . will be using it with my my customers and upon myself .
this is a nice brush , but leaves my foundation streaky :-/ i prefer my sigma f80 , it's much softer and doesn't streak .
these were just what i needed for fine lines with control . these brushes have thick handles making them easier to hold onto .
i really like this color on my hair but it is getting hard to find so i ordered 4 boxes
my friend told me my skin was soft i love the smell i gave this to my mom but i use it mostly
these things work great . i can even get a 2nd use out of them ... although technically they are not designed for this .
it's my favourite perfume ever ! ! i just love it and i always wear it and i always smell great :)
i would have liked a higher spf . it's a bit expensive . and i'm not sure how luminous it really makes your skin . see video .
it's great for the skin and hair . it will soften the skin and give it a great glow in the process .
these are perfect for what i need , but theres not much to them so i guess its better then the normal plastic bag that i use lol
my hair feels like silk . just a light spray on my fine thick hair is all i need . great product .
didn't work so great . not worth the money . very disappointed . will not buy again . i should have listened to the bad reviews .
nyx mechanical eye pencil , brown , very pigmented , i like this rich brown eye pencil , i can recommend this product and will repurchase it .
i have very thick hair and after washing it if i want to push it up this brush makes it easy .
i bought this tool to add to my manicure / pedicure kit . it's awesome quality and does a perfect job . i highly recommend it .
these came in so fast , and the quality is amazingly long lasting under lipstick . i love nxy , this is a steal of a deal !
this is a great shampoo . not sure if its the combination of ingredients but it makes my hair really nice .
i just love this product i can use them for multi things they are great .. makes great designs must have if u do nails
haven't actually used this yet , but looks like it will be great for a little something extra for nails . looks nice .
i love this conditioner , it works great on my damaged colored hair . but it is not profitable to order in such a small size .
wonderful on the skin , not super greasy and really smoothes the skin and evens tone over time ... smells good too , which is a plus !
these work great . im wondering if theres away that you can wet them with nail polish remover . these dry out .
this is a deep dark cherry red with shimmer . it is a nice add to my collection . i love gelish !
very little benefit , even with mate shampoo . it's a 10 miracle hair mask works much better , for me anyway . the
for small amounts of hair , these work really well . the plastic quality is much better than some i've bought here .
this is not my favorite product from olay . i love all of the others i have tried . it is toooo sticky . i do not recommend .
i am finding this product useful in my natural hair and skin care regimen . i am satisfied with this glycerine thus far .
they broke on my first use .. very cheaply made . i will not buy these again . shouldnt have spent my money on these
it works just fine very easy to put together even got a free file when i ordered the lamp wasnt expecting that cures your uv gel perfectly
smells good , cleans my hair well , and i haven't had any issues with it . works like a charm on my hair :)
title says it all i wish it had more brushes its good overall though especially the one on the right
works great dose what it says i highly recommend this product it has a great scent as well try it
this is the best top coat out there ! thick and makes your nails super shiny , i highly recommend everyone buy this top coat !
perfect white-out white . great for french tips ! can't wait to use . nice , thick , saturated color . i love ibd gel polishes .
i didn't think this could leave my hair so nice . highly recommend it for people with damaged hair like me .
its a great eyeliner.the wand is a perfect point for those who like a fine line . i will be buying again .. thanks .. :)
lotion worked pretty good to get my tan going . smell was ok and was a little greasy . kept my tan for awhile .
they arrived when promised along with other items . i would perfere them to be a little larger but they get the job done .
this is a good quality brush to clean up side some mess when you put nail polish on or to make perfect french manicure lines .
good quality almond oil . good service and item packaged well for protection against breakage . wonderful carrier oil for essential oils . recommend product very highly a + .
i use them every day . good price-product deal ! definitely would by it again . nice nice nice nice nice nice nice .
i needed replacement for my olay face scrubber and the option here fit the bill nicely . it works well too . i would buy again
such a great deal . i like to buy whatever oils i can in bulk and just refile my small bottles myself . saves all kinds of money .
i don't know if this product does anything at all ... probably not ... i actually find it dangerous , one can really hurt themselves ...
i love these . easy to apply and add such a unique twist on a mani . i always get compliments when i apply them .
always a must have . only use with oil based make up , otherwise pores will be much more noticeable . great in you make up kit
kinda thick . it works good but too thick for my taste . will buy again and again.love the jar and it is big
i have the whole line of the cnd shellac stuff , and as any shellac user knows , this is a must have !
these brush guards work perfect for shaping your brushes after a cleaning while drying . i love them . these are perfect for maintaining your makeup brushes .
this cream has a terrific balance of hold and hydration for a frizz head like me .
really good high quality . is a little heavy for something like that , but that's okay .
it does take a while to get results and i mean a while but it does work . reasonable price , good quality and efficient .
this particular plate has snoopy on it and that is the main reason why i really like the plate . snoopy is the best .
perfect for any nude look , has great pigment and is very soft without tugging on your lips .. pretty good price also !
i have been using for about 13 years i always get compliments . love it . buy it . great investment . great everyday color .
i love this product i use it every night after washing away my makeup . makes my skin very soft and smooth .
great selection of sizes , comfortable grip so you don't get tired doing all ten nails . arrived in plenty of time .
i really like real techniques brushes . the are well made and really last . i would recommend these to my friends .
did not see significance hair growth , but did experience a healthier scalp , and silky soft hair that was less frizzy , and more manageable .
say goodbye to dry cuticles ! this is the best cuticle oil available , i think . and it smells soooooo good too !
i love this product . nothing but surgery can lift as much as these product promise , but i definitely see a difference .
this plates are great images are neat wide variety of designs love them can't get enough of them plus the price is right
the shellac it an awesome system and the base and top coats are essential . these are a good price for the set of two .
i guess you get what you pay for and i should've known its poorly made its from china for gods sake .
i love this lash stain . it works great last for several days will not flake off onto your cheeks . i purchased mine at walmart for $ 7 .
don't buy you will be disappointed . i got mine from bed bath and beyond to entertain my daughter friends at her bday party and didn't work well at all
this styling creme never leaves your hair sticky or filmy . helps with the " frizzy's " also . great product , in my opinion
the cuticle pushers / picks were perfect , however , the cuticle nippers were dull . i was pleased with it over-all , would recommend .
i have used it for 3 years alreadyi do recomend it to anybodyfor women over 40 yrs is great
your better off buying regualr human hair this is not worth the extra money , after about a week it tangles .
tried a different brand the first time . this fragrance is much lighter and far superior to other one . will reorder .
i like the look of it ( its really wide so i fold it in half and it looks great ) i don't the feel though .
great item . gets really heavy with all the plates in it . will buy again , it's that good .
i use a mixture of clary sage , wild orange and lavender to my oil diffuser and my day seems better .
this soap is very mild yet effective in lightening dark marks and scars on your skin and giving it a nice , even tone .
this gives a good glossy top coat , however it does not protect from chipping , i had chips the very next day .
it gives me length.when i put this on , i got so much length and definition . it worked so well . clump free .
this is very easy to use and very precise , its so black and last all day i really like this product and i would totally repurchase it
this nail clipper will cut through your thickest eagle-like toe nails . it is well design and cuts effortlessly . it is made of japanese stainless steel .
i agree with the previous reviewer . these are similar to 50 cent drugstore combs . why is the price 3 times higher ? rip off .
i enjoy this product prepares the skin and feels great and ready for the rest of the skin ceutical products
i just started using this stuff and its pretty basic mascara without any bells & whistles which is nice and refreshing , gets the job done .
i like it and it does the job of helping me fall asleep in the dakr . i do not like that it slips off during the night
i love this hair pin . i have a lot of hair and it actually picks all of my hair and stays in for a while .
i don't like the smell of the s hampoo . the price was good for argan oil shampoo but i wouldn't buy them again .
this was not a 60 day supply the title says , its a 30 day . proactive is my favorite face cleaner , its quick and works like a charm
very glittery for a spray with bronzer , keep in mind if you have sensitive skin , or if your husband plans to use it ;-)
this is one if those colors that will work for a lot of us i'll bet.this is a very nice product . i'll bet you won't be disappointed .
i am a nail artist who lovesssssssssss nail stamping . these are great plates . fast shipping
i love this , great moisturizer.when you put it on please rub it in and let it sit for a least 10min before you apply your makeup or primer .
i love this scent ! it smells so good ! not too sweet , and i think this would work for all ages . i love this .
love love love ! the darker ones stain longer . its moisturizing and the burst of color is perfect for summer or spring .
very difficult to use , pulls hair . my hair is very fine . flat iron is much more gentle on my hair than this brush . disappointed
got this after being highly recommended by a person on you tube . received it today and my feet are thanking you . will never be without it .
amazing for drying and storing brushes without the hairs fraying ! very inexpensive as well ! i will be repurchasing these for more of my brushes !
i notice no increase in volume when using this , and it leaves a lot of build up.considering the price , this is definitely not worth the money .
very nice , smells great , doesn't make my skin feel dry , nice lather . one of my favorite hand soaps.good price
i wear them when i come home from work or while i put on my makeup before the day ! they really help my ht
perfect metallic red . love the formula and color . goes on super smooth , lasts a full week with base and top coat .
i love it great power cures gel nicely great price and you can put 2 hands in i would recommend this dryer for home use
it's really not worth the money it don't tell you how to use it so i just trashed it and will take the loss
a perfect match to tiffany blue , so i polish my nails with this , then wear my tiffany jewelry . yay , me !
been using it around my eyes and already starting to see the puffiness go down and the lines diminish . thank you for such a great cream
i lie th way my face feels after using this mask ! ! ! its a must have it give your face a bright lift ! !
they are alright i suppose though the eye shadow brushes hold on to the shadow and the application is nil . not worth it really .
you get several wheels and it good to be able to see what your polish will look like before you use it .
it's a needle and it works as intended . i'm not sure what else i need or can say about this .
schick hydro silk disposable razor hugs curves , provides your skin with moisture and also successfully gives you a close shave you can really feel .
its too small for my hair . i have very thick curly hair and it kinda got lost in it . its was a great pruce however ,
goes on smoothly and makes my face feel like silk . no strong odor . not sticky like some . i will definitely re-order this product .
i love anything disney so this was a must ! ! the strawberry smells so good and it looks too cute in my bathroom .
these were beautiful but they were huge . they were too big to fit on any of my finger nails . bummer
shipped quickly , and works well . great price too . very happy with it ! keeps my nail polish on much longer than normal .
great stuff superbnail tek intensive therapy ii buy 1 get 1 free " . 5x2 oz " product and deal from amazon
so soft ! and so reasonable on price ! great for beginners or a make up artist . my first time getting eco tool , will be buying again .
not overwhelmed by the fragrance but it is okay . like natural and nice price for 32 ounce . nice to have something that isn't full of dyes .
it took a while but i finally saw results for an eye cream so inexpensive and good reviewws . this one is used in the am .
she'd tried quite a few other cleaning routines but seems to likethisone the best . we will definitely buy it again .
well , this shampoo works fine with me . it smells nice and leaves the hair smooth and clean . as for the anti-dandruff claim , it seems true .
my favorite lashes ... they look natural and are very easy to apply ... with proper care they can last you 8-10 wears each ... beautifull lashes
i am a professional and this was just a waste of money and time . it was very messy and the color came right off ... would not recommend
this mascara is just okay . no length or volume that i can see . it does leave your lashes feeling soft so that's a plus .
love this brush for applying foundation everything goes on smooth and perfect . it works much better than my sigma flat topkabuki !
this lotion goes on very nice non-greasy and keeps my skin moisturized after i tan :) the smell is not to strong and is uplifting .
the product is not what i have ordered . it is not metal studs , it is just tiny sparkling gold rhinestone
my nails seemed a lot stronger after using this product a few times . for the price it's definitely worth trying .
a fresh and clean smell - kind of what i would expect hollister newport beach to smell like if it were adapted as a cologne . well priced .
opi drip dry drops top nail coat is the best ! ! ! i've been using it for years ! ! opi is the best ! !
absolutely love the smell of this stuff and will be asking for another bottle for my birthday coming up next month !
it is a nice feeling and smelling cream but as to any lifting and firming , it does not do either .
gems and rhinestones in the individual compartments make it so easy to use . colors are vivid and it has a good assortment .
i love brown eye shadows . great price , great product . i would highly suggest this product to anyone looking for everyday eyeshadows !
these alligator clips work great for getting long , thick hair out of the way , while you blow dry and straighten your curly locks .
i loved that it was shipped rather quickly but the plastic it came in was already opened and the surface of the steel palette was all scratched up .
this is a great - i call it curling iron . very high quality , and handsome also . i recommend this product . dame hilda
great set at a great price . i really needed them and would recommend to others . good quality and works well .
gave me a nice soft focus glow ! elf products are so good and inexpensive , will be buying more of this
love these strips . they do last 10 days ( or a bit more ) and last even longer on your toes . this is way better than polish !
love this ! i love the smell and it makes my hair soooo soft . it has definitely helped with making my hair less dry and stringy .
shea butter has always been my fav . this one however is not so creamy ! don't know if it suppose tto be so .
cleans skin , pores tighter younger looking . a good gentle scrub you leave in a while then rinse . next day you look fresher
came on time but i thought i ordered more natural lash . this is more for cosplay or costume . very fake if you want fake look
as long as you cut the " stringy " ends off , they work just fine . they do not come with glue . over all i am pleased .
love these and it's so cheap ! ! it's perfect for nail art :) i would definitely recommend this set of brushes .
this is a great paddle brush , nice and sturdy . i would recommend this to anyone that needs a good sturdy powerful paddle brush .
i love these nails , the color looks great , painting over them is easy , and they are sturdy nails for every day use .
they are really only designed for one time use . does the job , just can't really be sanitized and used again they start to fall apart
just go ahead and buy it , it smells absolutely amazing . sweet but no at all overpowering . a great , unisex scent .
this set up and above styler is the best i've used yet . i love this and the arc angell products by deva .
favorite perfume , i bought this for all my friends and family for the holidays and everyone was very happy its such a great price !
you get any brush you could possible need in this set . 12 brushes of this quality for $ 13 can't be beat anywhere else .
i tend to buy more makeup artist line eye shadows but i freelanced for lancome and they have decent eye shadows , they have nice pigment and color
makes big waves and body . use a heat protector if you wanna preserve hair . great for making straight flat hair with lots of body .
much better looking color , more dark than on the pic . but i like it even more.very good for my tanned hands .
using micro-needle rollers won't give you significant results overnight , but it definitely works over time . patience and diligence is key .
they look so natural . they were easy to put on with the duo adhesive glue . i will definitely be ordering more !
this reasonably priced moisturizer gives medium coverage and also provides sunscreen . goes on smoothly and is good for everyday use .
this is an unusual scent that lasts a long time . it is hard to find in stores . will purchase this again .
these bows are the perfect detail for a nice manicure ! they form to the nail well and stay on a long time with a good top coat !
a lovely jojoba oil , just purchased this brand of jojoba oil for the first time , and find i love it .
i been looking for a real bright red lipstick , i do think this one has alot of potential . i love how lightweight it is on my lips .
it is nice .. but .. i prefer liquid soap .. because you don't have to keep it in a dish or soap holder
does the trick . not as good as the higher end stuff but for day to day wear , it will definitely keep your eye shadow on .
cant believe the price on this . i have tried more expensive and this is way better . doesnt irritate my eyes and stays put .
i must've put at least 15 drops into one of my bottles of polish before i saw any difference at all .
not sure if i see much of a difference . my make-up seems to stay on just as long without this product .
i do love this concealer but don't put too much under the eyes . i used my hands or a brush . i do like it a lot .
this brush is soft and makes applying foundation really easy . make up looks very natural when using this brush . i love it .
i love it > > > brush with high quality and soft in addition to the cheap price and i would advise ... thanks
this is a great under eye powder and i do look well rested rather than my old decrepted ( sp ) self ... lol
this is a good light weight mascara without awful chemicals in it . i would buy this mascara again . the end .
... and i have tried just about all of them ! it makes my hair moist and stays on the ends , even in the hot dry summer heat .
stays on most of the day , might need a touch up . but lasts much longer than most liners . comes off with makeup remover
its really useful and it help me a lot . i use it for my n1000 to clean my face . it works .
i love iti reccommend it , i get it on timelove love love it for every day use ..
i sometimes have darker blemishes and redness so with this versatile all in one i can easily conceal everything i don't like showing
my skin is oily in some spots and acne prone almost everywhere . this mask smoothes out my skin somehow and makes a bit clearer . i like it .
gave to friend , so far likes the softness and plumping effect it gives skin after taking for 2 weeks . nice product , good quality
this cream is wonderful , along with the regenerating serum feels like no night cream i've ever used . i just love it .
gives your acrylic nails that extra shine . i love the fact that you do not have to clean the nails after you cure them in the uv lamp .
i have fair skin . this product gives an instantly brown tan . 25 years of looking for the perfect self tanner has finally paid off .
i usually prefer crisp and fresh scents , but this one appealed to me because it is very soft and warm--a perfect perfume for winter
makes my hair so soft and smells sooooo good ! ! ! i have also noticed hair not falling out as much
it is pretty cool , i can just pop my pimples etc , easily . it hurts a little bit , but not too much .
hair loves this stuff . best hot oil treatment product for my natural hair . it contains henna so be sure to deep condition after washing it out .
i use the entire premier care collection . this scrub is great ! i use it a few times a week . it really cleanses the skin .
works okay . but using henna and indigo separately , with application of henna followed by application of indigo works much better .
i love olay products and again this is one more great one . i highly recommend it for all . i love it on my skin .
the price was so good on these i couldn't pass them up . i like to switch between these and the pore cleaning ones . they work great !
i love opi and was very happy to be able to get this color before it was hard to find !
i would use this serum under my makeup . it worked out just fine . it would cover my pores and scars perfectly .
" i love this brush . i wish i had ordered two instead . most likely will buy another . just wish shipping did not take so long "
this by far is my favorite plate i use alot . so much so that im glad it doesnt ware down .
i love this product ! no sulfates , smells great & leaves my hair looking beautiful . i love it !
i tried so many leave-in treatment and come back for this one always ! i use it before drying my hair and it makes the hair really soft .
what much to say , i use this brush for my acid peeling once a year after winter , it do the job , it is firm brush
i really love the color of this but its a difficult for me to apply . it kind of goes on almost like white out .
this is a great mirror looks great on the vanity bought the oil bronzed and its perfect for my bedroom . perfect size for me !
i lovvvvve this tinted moisturizer ! its light and delicate on the skin which is definitely good for the summer time . i highly recommend this product !
i've used this top coat for years . there is some shrinkage but until i find a better top coat than this i'll keep using it .
i use this for costume makeup and it has served me so well ! ! super cheap and great materials ! ! i couldnt be happier
esta crema es perfecta para pieles atopicas , la deja suave , hidratada a un precio razonable y considerable para el presupuesto de padres con hijos alergicos
everything i ever bought from nutrogena is first quality and right on the dot for what i expected .
harmony products are wonderful and i will continue to order them . the colors are wonderful as well . you cannot go wrong with this product line .
this is the only eyebrow pencil i can use . the color blonde is perfect for me . it matches me exactly .
pretty pink , one coat over a base coat looks ok but two are best . love the wide brush for one stroke application .
it really smells good and makes a fair amount of bubbles . very easy on the skin as well if you have sensitive skin
not only have a noticed a huge change in my cellulite , but this product smells great . i would definitely get this product !
maybe my hair is too thin but this just doesn't work . and it doesn't hold the donut shape very well
great foundation , make pores disappear.highly covering but am not feeling anything too heavy on my face.better if it has spf haha
love this blush , it is the only brand of blush i will wear . nars is quality and you will not be disappointed
love this eyeliner , super dark and glides on so smooth . it doesn't last all day but it lasts a while .
i used this product for nail art and cell phone decoration . the bows were a perfect size for nail art . the colors were cute pastel color .
this is a very pretty neutral shade . opi is great nail polish & this color goes with everything . happy with it .
they are good and the price is great ... some or alot of them were damage ...
my greandaughter uses these for her nails and she just loves the colors and shapes they work really great and look great too
great nailpolish but i thought it was going to be more lavender . its more gray than anything but still a pretty shade .
quick and easy transaction ! this lotion really provides great moisturizing that is long-lasting and not greasy in any way . great stuff !
these were exactly what i wanted and i got them fast and my daughter and i decorated them to be so cute !
i like the product . it goes on nicely and stays on well . its not so hard that it pulls the eyelid . it works well .
this is the same product as skinceuticals , at a 1/4 of the price ! don't waste your money , compare before you buy !
i love this curler - it's cute , curls my lashes effectively , and doesn't pinch ( as advertised ) . no complaints whatsoever here !
excellent product to have . i will order again in the future . thanks alot for your product . it is very good .
this product left my skin feeling great .. there was no oily film left behind it soaked right into my skin and left it feeling silky smooth will order again
this was my daily eye palette for quite awhile . colors are nice and pigmented and look great on the skin .
very sturdy plates . very excited to try this stuff out once my stamper comes in ! ! this is definitely a diverse bundle !
nice color good nail polish i will buy more color in this brand buy it you love colornice bottle to
this defining gel is great it leaves my hair shiney and curly without putting more oil on my hair and i like that .
they are good quality , very very fast shipping . i will be buying more . i recommend these it is a nice size and very sparkly .
the nail tip clipper is lightweight and works great . i am pleased with my purchase especially for the price compared to department stores .
my wife and i both have dark , medium body hair but her's is long . we found this to be a bit too oily for either of us .
its nice to see a makeup case that has a variety of dividers for all your makeup , also looks really great !
the plastic was a little cracked upon delivery but it was not anything beyond comsmetic so i let it go . makes organizing really easy .
this works great & moisturizes my hair without leaving it heavy & greasy . love the shampoo , too ! smells great , too !
nice under brow highlighter . i like the sparkle and the wear time is decent . nyx eye shadows are always nice .
matches description . gets really hot . this product just didn't work to well with my hair . the curl doesn't stay like it does with other curling irons .
i blend this oil with my black castor oil as well as some other oils . this oil absorbs so nicely . i really love it .
this product is pretty good . does its job and even tho it can b difficult at times to apply , all in all its not that bad .
awesome awesome awesome . especially if you have cool skin tones . i use this for contouring . it's the perfect shade . can't beat the price either
used it for several years now , love it ? i will never switch back to conventional mascara that smears and smudges .
it was just ... ok . i didn't see a huge tightening effect . a little help tightening the poors is always good . but i wasn't blown away .
absolutely love ecotools brushes . this brush is no different . great quality , sturdy - no bristle fallout . very soft and easy to work with .
ii didn't notice anything outstanding either way . i could probably find something cheaper and more effective.at least i tried .
i absolutely love this pallet it has neutral colors perfect for an everyday wear but also shimmery colors for a night out . i would highly recommend .
leaves hair soft an manageable and when used with other products in this line makes your curls look wonderful . recommend it highly
i bought this in the store to use on my baby fine frequently knotted hair . it smells great , and did unknot it fairly well .
i like this much better than the marker or spray types that made my hair sticky and cost a lot more .
i used this stuff off and on for a very long time and truthfully i've never seen any noticeable results from it
i was expecting something a little smaller , but frankly this works great - - can add blue ice and larger containers and carry to the office .
love this you have rhinestones for those little extras for nails . nice and easy to use makes it fun when going out .
i didn't expected that this hair clip soooo beautiful , even more beautiful than on picture . for such price to got this it unbelievable thing !
this shower gel smells good and feels good on your skin . it cleans very well and is much better than sloop or other gels i have tried .
my hair has gotten too long for it but any just past the shoulder and not super thick it should work .
i haven't used it yet but it looks and feels like good quality . can't wait to get started on this .
i'm starting to see some of the effects from this and i'm excited to keep using it .
this product was easy to use and provides just what is needed to get the job done in a professional at home manner .
its a beautiful metallic color that looks very professional with the crakle touch . i 100 % recommend you using this product
perfumes work differently on individual bodies ' chemistry . i loved this on my friend . sadly , on me , it was way too sweet .
the magic marker tip became coated with the sunscreen i apply and stopped working so i threw it away and went back to my pencil .
i hate this cologne it smells like my grandpa's musty arm pits mixed with right guard deodorant from the 1970 ' s .
small rolls some are warped and ruined but enough to do nails for a long while wish the stick was better
haven't noticed any difference yet and i've been using it for a few months . good thing is that it doesn't bother my eyes if it gets into them !
purchased the wet brush rubberized wet detangle shower brush for both of my daughters ; they are happy with them and work well
if your hair is really damaged ; this is the stuff to use . it saved my hair . will always use it . well worth every penny .
really good . it is very fast to get to me . i feel very happy about that . i like it a lot .
this is a more summer palette but is just amazing how many look we can do with it and look amazing :)
works great it's like buying name brand but without the price . have no complaints about it so far and should last me a lifetime .
makes contouring cheeks super easy . this is the perfect size to contour easily . i love sigma brushes . high quality at great prices .
went up in a snap . the 7x magnification is awesome for us women , who can't see really well without our glasses , for putting on make-up .
well , properly iam not happy with the product , but my girlfriend's mother loves this hair straightener , now it takes more time to get ready ! !
there are several different styles of brushes in this pack and its nice to have options when you are trying to do different designs with your nails .
i bought these for my daughter since she likes to use nail polish . she likes them and i will probably use them in the future as well .
i can't really review this myself , i had ordered for my daughter and she really seem to love it but that's all i can say .
if you guys like to have an everyday cologne , this is your best option . it smells pretty good and it's not expensive
the color is really bright and beautiful and looks great on my nails . i don't really mind putting three coats on because the outcome is worth it .
pretty and still worth the price but i am not counting them to see if there really are that many there .
i wanted to use for the cat eyes but it only lasts a few hours , after that u don't have cat eyes any more.you get what you pay for
best perfume i own everyone around me loves the candy smell ! " blue sugar " is great on the males the perfect compliment to pink sugar
this had really good reviews on this stuff but it did nothing for my hair at all total waste of money for me .
these are beautiful and i have used them and get complicated on them ! ! i will use them again to order !
my daughter and i started doing our own gel nails with a kit but they kept peeling off quickly . this product stopped that from happening .
this color is definitely more of a pink than a purple . still a nice color , but not quite what i was expecting .
this product smells so good . this is the original cologne . i buy this every year for my son and he enjoys it .
i bought this for my wife and i love it . it has a real sexy smell and she likes it to and gets complements .
i really love this base coat . it's awesome and i would recommend it to all the ladies that want that professional experience .
i wish i had known about this sooner . this really helpedthe appearance of my scar . easy to use too .
this is a really nice eye shadow . fairly long wearing and very natural looking . works great for those with blue or green eyes .
love this cleanser ... totally worth the price ... it was shipped very quick .. it was just as i thought it would be
it smells great and leaves me skin feeling soft and clean . one of my favorites ! it has a fresh fruity smell . the price is cheap too !
very nice mascara , i use it when i want some thick lashes :d the price is also just right give it a try
this was a great price for the size and brand . i love it ! i will more than likely buy these again .
it is so gentle and wonderful to the skin . makes you skin so soft . i have sensitive skin and don't break out from this !
this is one of my favorite nail polish colors of all time . the color is such a vivid blue . i'm in love .
this seems to be a very nice body wash . the pump was chipped when it arrived but replaced it with another pump i had ,
good stuff for curly hair . this is one of my favorite hair products . moisturizing and good hold without being sticky .
it certainly dries fast . but you are not getting the highly glossy look probably at that expense . i wish it was shinier .
i love this color . it is on my toes right now . i love harmony gelish polishes and this is a must have for any collection !
takes too long to receive the stands and did not notice that when i ordered it . the diameter seams rather small .
it works fine but i really didn't care for the smell . it wasn't really shea or vanilla but more musky smelling . wouldn't purchase again .
this eyebrow marker help me to draw my eyebrow exactly . the color is exactly they said . i recommend this product
i love this product . it's cruelty free , great quality and very affordable for all budgets . i recommend this to any animal friendly makeup lover .
this is my top fav condition for my natural 4a hair . i have been using it for over 2 years and still loving it .
i love this product ! it smells amazing , cleans hair without drying and also conditions at the same time . i am hooked ..
this is a pretty good cleanser . it smells good and is able to remove my make up at the end of the day .
i have not even wore it , just trying on and it broke . i looks nice and i wish it was solid .
this sunscreen spreads on pretty easily ( much easier than baby badger types ) and has a nice light scent to it .
great price and large quantity that you can't find in local stores . i love the gel nail polish and this cleanser is essential to working with them .
one of my favorite olay regenerist creams . olay makes so many good products for dry , aging skin , and they all have served me well .
love this sharpener ! works amazing and the price was well worth it . i am so glad i found this and will share with others ..
was a gift for my granddaughter , and they just love it do beautiful art on there toes , and all there friends.great deal
these colors are as bright and beautiful as the picture . goes on smooth and stays put for hours . would recommend to anyone
my husband loved the fresh smell . works and lasts long ... my husband related that he will purchase in the future .
i like this stuff . it works great . moisturizes well and helps hide the natural red in my face . spf seems to work well too .
this is a wonderful product as it really improves dry skin buying it this way was much less expensive that at wholefoodsthanks for the offering
the were great to work with and arrived earlier than said they work great for the details on acrylic nail
this is the perfect eyeliner brush .. i have tryied a lot and this one is the best . so easy to use with gel liner
i love this so much . it makes it so much easier to do dots . this product is very cute and very simple to use
i cannot get the rhrinestones out ! it is so frustrating , i even tried to open it with my teeth , to no avail !
repurchased it so many times . it is gentle and effective . my hair is fine , highlighted , dry ends . works very well .
works fine . nothing impressive though . i bought this because it was used in an acne makeup tutorial as a primer ... but honestly it's nothing special .
big clip for thick hair . very cute , i love the butterfly design . it holds thick hair in place , perfect for holding french hair .
these are one of my favorite lashes to wear for special occasions . they're not too flashy and they look very natural .
i got this as a present it smells great and it makes your skin super soft and clears acne what more could you ask for ? (-:
it's not the best looking false eyelashes , and it's not particularly terrible for the price . but i have an extremely hard time keeping it on .
it seems to work okay . spreads out lashes well , but doesn't make them very long . you need about 3 or 4 coats to notice a difference
excelente producto , muy suave y fresco se puede usar de diario , recibi el producto en el tiempo estimado , lo recomiendo .
this cleaner is great i have dry skin ... but this cleanses the skin without stripping it of moisture . i will purchase this again !
this headband is very pretty . it is well made . it doesn't hurt my head and it stays on fairly well .
this is the greatest stuff since sliced bread ... if you haven't used it already please try it and you will like it a lot
this came in earlier than expected , but i didn't count all the pieces . but i'm sure they are all there ! but totally cute !
it should be good for dry skin . i did not notice a big difference after using up one bottle . it did not hurt my skin either .
i love this product ! it works wonders with my hair . i can't even imagine using anything else . great great product !
it serves its purpose as a neutral set of eyeshadow colors . i wore this today and i like the way the colors look . i used a primer .
it really does clean 360 especially with the help of that sponge everything is so much easier and refreshing and clean of course ! !
have been wanting this for a long time and i found it here for . , 97 cents , yeeze cant beat that with a baseball bat .
the lip brush is excellent quality leaves a beautiful finish i use it every day i love thank you very much
i am under age for this product , but it worked nice on my hair . it helped my split ends and dryness my hair gets without weighted down .
i bought 2 sets . i already own a set from long ago . both new sets incase they are discontinued . the colors are very pretty .
this color isn't my favorite but my little sister wanted it so i bought it for her . it goes on nice and smooth . good polish .
i bought for bottle smooth smell it dont smell cheap for price it wear off but it ok for what pay for it
not a lot of variation . many dark shades . cute packaging but i don't use it after a few tries . too nude
as the name says , this is a very bright color . it looks gorgeous on toe nails in the summer time !
i use it for my conditioner treatments . i don't use it for anything else . i guess it does what it states .
i think this product is absolutely adorable ! the rhinestones are so cute very very ! ! ! small and i adore them will definitely re-purchace this ! !
great concealer pallet , and cheap . took awhile to get , but is still good . especially for the price , will order again .
i use this one for french manicure but also with the new powders out there and i layer this one with others to get different looks .
i have these every where living in las vegas durning the summer oh yeah these little towels saved me from passing out
it works well , im not 100 % frizz free , but it really does help especially with the straightening . i really know the difference .
this pallet has very good quality eyeshadows i loved it the first time i seen it and i'm very satisfied .
great product . love the subscribe and save price as well.love the smell of this body wash , and the chemical free company !
this color looked very juvenile . it's one of those colors i can't see myself wearing , it's nothing special , almost cheap looking .
great , i use this to put jewels , pearls , studs , bows , basically anything i can put on my nails , love them
great quality ( like all my other real techniques brushes ) , perfect for liquid foundation and cream contour / cream bronzing ! blended my foundation really well .
i love palmers . i like the shea butter formula betetr but the cocoa butter formula is classic . the smell is great and it works .
👍 👍 👍 helt fantastisk 😊 😊 but if you are using gloves it is a pain to gett rid off them from your fingers 😳 😳
grand daughter loves all the colors in a convenient package . some of the colors i wouldn't use but she loves them . great gift for a teenager .
peacock hair clip . shiny . beautiful gems . small but holds up very well . elegant and looks expensive . dress up or dress down
feels very light on the skin and it does not make your skin oily , powdery or dry overall great product .
if you bought all these in a store you would pay 10 times the amount and get half the quality . thank you shany for making such great products
no question . one of my top three . if you like this , try issey miyaki l'eau d'issey . sorry about butchering the spelling . :)
drip dry is absouletly perfect in every way possable , it speed up the drying time , make it taske a breaze :) love this stuff
this is a great product that i enjoy very much . it is somewhat expensive but it is worth it . it is thick and rich and smells wonderful .
this acrylic nail clipper is the best perches . check it out and if you don't you are missing out ..
revlon makes great long lasting lip glosses and papaya is a fantastic semi sheer color . iget a lot of compliments on it .
i've been using this product for awhile now . i do believe it helps with wrinkles and the look of them .
my daughter is an aspiring makeup artis , she likes to use this bronzer . a nice color , looks natural not cakey .
three stars because these are small . they are not what i would consider full size combs , and certainly not what i was expecting .
i haven't used these yet , but they look like they have good quality ! i love this cute little dying kit !
this hair dryer dries hair fast and is not noisy . dries hair even on the coolest setting . wish it came with comb attachment .
really great brushes and so very affordable . since they come from overseas , it takes awhile to get them but worth the wait
realmente funciona ! seca las uñas bien rapido y las deja brillantes . lo compraria otra vez !
the lipstick is dry , feels awful on my lips and does not stay on as advertised . i would not recommend this to anyone .
the monochrome color of this piece makes it very rich looking . it would be great for those times you really dress up
the blow dryer does exactly what it is designed to do . there is nothing fancy about it , but the combs are great for straightening my coarse hair .
the brushes are super soft and well made ! no random fibers left in my makeup which is always a plus ! case is cute and well made !
this brand works really good i use it all the time and is cheaper to buy your own than using the one at the hair salon
i love doing all sorts of nail art designs and these work so well ! ! so simple , 10 diff sizes ... yes im very happy with them =]
this feels good , and works well . i like the no fragrance type body washes and this one makes you feel clean and smooth-skinned .
i like this color but since it has sparkles in it , it can be challenging to remove . color is a darker gray .
pros : - good price - does not shed , like some cotton rounds that leave bits of cotton all over the placecons : - not textured / quilted
i love this color . it is a bit difficult to paint on as it is chrome so you can see the brush marks , but love it !
this shampoo leaves my hair moisturized and not stripped . it makes my hair super soft and will be ordering this again !
i used mine for a little while but i went back to using my fingers becuse its so much faster
they leak but if you put cotton in them they work great . i use the gel polish so it makes soak offs much easier .
nyx is an awesome product and i love them . worth the buy and long wearing . i enjoy all of the nyx cosmetic line . excellent .
i bought this perfume and it smells wonderful ! i always get compliments when i wear this perfume . it is really strong and nice ! great stuff ! !
i love this stuff the smell is amazing i have the whole set my skin is softer since i've been using this product ...
leaves my hair too oily i have to take 2 showers a day because my hair feels oily right away
it works just as any other deodorant works . honestly , i didn't think it was worth my money tho :/
i love this new head band . it is made from metal where as i had expected braided cloth material but the metal is even better .
the point of these clippers is sharp , but does not cut unless the base of the blade is also around the nail .
i love this it smells good and it makes my hair soft . i have to use more product than the more expensive stuff but , still it's good !
this is absolutely gorgeous . it's very opaque , creamy and great for the summer months . i would definitely repurchase this . highly recommended .
in my opinion i recommend the creamy shampoo as opposed to the gel shampoo mainly because of the moisturizing part , other than that really good shampoo !
they're alright they arent the highest quality but based on what i paid for them they are pretty good . it was a good buy .
great products , i use these when i do my nails . love the colors an the tools for them . love it .
great brushes , easy on the face . had the sizes she wanted and a cool pouch with it . now all she needs is a bigger makeup case .
i just started using it about a month ago . no noticeable difference in wrinkle reduction but also , no bad side effects .
this color is just right because you can adjust the amount to keep it light or darken it . works great as eyeliner too !
i bought these to start doing my own nail art and they have come in handy for most of my designs . a definite must have .
this hair dryer and its accoumpanying parts are great and just what i needed . i have no complaints and i recommend this product .
helps a little with the wrinkles . i dont see to much improvement . probably for minor imperfections . lines of expression only .
it smells awesome and it s so gentle on the hair ! perfect for daily usage ! and sulfate free makes it all better !
this leaves my skin in great condition and i just love how it cleans my skin . i will def buy it again .
opaque with two coats ... you know the drill , it is a great white and it right up there with alpine snow by opi , had no problems
i really like this product . though it comes in the mail really slow . it isnt really a must have item
they're q-tips ; they do what they are supposed to , i've never had a problem with any of them being thin or falling apart .
love these nail wheels ! great for swatching colors or you can even attach a fake nail to use to make nail art on fake nails . love them .
so in love with real techniques brushes . they are soft and easy to work with . i have just about all of them
nice product but not enough product and too many of the same designs and colors . i will like to have more colors .
i love the design and the color , it looks so elegant . cute for any hair designs . my daughter loves it .
very nice , just as the picture shows it . wish i had ordered more than one because everyone that sees it wants it from me .
i love this product and i highly recommend it to all . i love all olay products but especially the regenerist serums and night cream .
its awesome to be able to let your expensive nail poolish last so much longer then it normally would . buy it
a very great product , is easy to use and does what it says ! the wide plates makes it easier to use .
it does wonders to my curly hair . my wash and go lasted 2 weeks after i applied it . will purchased again .
this lipstick for me my tone dark skin african american is perfect in but it is good for all tone . it my come off darker on light skin .
i use this to remove top layer of gel nail before removing with acetone . not like a salon quality but work great for dollar value .
wonderful set of travel brushes . stylish and enclosed in a fabulous leopard print case that has a chunky gold zipper pull .
i am new to using nail forms so this is the first 1 i've tried and it was pretty easy to use these stickers and i did pretty good
i really like the smell of this ... it leaves my husbands hair soft and manageable ... hubby says he thinks it is cool ... worth the money
this is a beautiful color . i wear it summer and winter ... always get lots of compliments ... wears nice and easy to apply .
purchased this along with other nail products for my grand daughter as a gift she loves all of them , she was surprised of all the different colors .
this product didn't work for me . i followed the directions but for some reason my zit got bigger ? i think this will work but not for everyone .
dove is naturally a very smooth , soapy bar and always performs well . i order it online so that i have enough subscriptions for all my other products .
i expected the color pink to be as obvious as pictured but it came on lighter even when double coating my nail .
dont even try to shapen it , its a pain in the ass . not waterproof at all . just a normal eyeliner pencil . meh
this soap has almost no scent . it does suds up and leaves me feeling clean and fresh . but i love it because this soap truly non toxic .
the picture does not accurately portray actual colors received . my order included many more neutrals and browns rather than the pinks and reds shown in image .
love this flat iron . makes my hair smooth , straightens fast i usually only need one or two passes . ( i have thicker hair )
i do find the gelish top & bottom coats to be the best i've tried and i've tried red carpet , opi & sensationail .
its awesome but $ 11 cheaper on eyeslipsface.com this is a rip off go to the actual website and buy it there ! ! !
i needed the smaller tubes to carry outside as the tubs are too big ( but cheaper ) . good cream for sensitive skin.wish it is cheaper though .
i ordered this mirror because of the large magnification . i'm very pleased with the mirror and the magnification size on both sides of the mirror .
this exfoliator smells lovely and is not abrasive at all . does the job well . i will definitely purchase it again .
why pay a fortune for expensive dotting tools when you can buy these and they're perfect ! i love them no complaints here !
doesn't really show up on me and doesn't last . does nothing for me as it's almost identical to my natural lip color so why bother ? boring .
i use this dish to pour acetone in and it's held up nicely . i do worry about dropping and breaking it , but so far so good .
the longer i use it the prettier i feel ! it is helping to eliminate the crows feet around my eyes ! i fell and look younger ! !
this is a high quality item packaged in a conducive manner for packing for traveling or carrying in a purse . product itself works extremely well .
i had to apply a heavy amount of nail glue and acrylic just for it to not be flimsy . also breaks easily .
keeps your hair soft and strong . you can use it as a leave-in conditioner or a regular conditioner . it doesn't build up .
but a bit too big for my face so f35 will have a try later . quality is ok and not bad at all , surprise !
excellent price for these hardy hair clips . the spring actual is not loose . it holds my long thick hair in place without pain .
these are nice for the face . i would use this for a long time .
i is thin , knotty , and short . you can see the extension part in the back ... i probably won't order from this place again .
this lip gloss is great . it's very neutral and gives your lips a nice sheen . i just put it over my lip balm and it looks pretty natural
great bright blue shimmery color . goes on smoothly with nice coverage . very happy with this polish .
omg this is beautiful and good , it makes my hair soft and manageable shine . its weightless , love it love it
this is a green milky color saw more of a silverish color on the bottle its okay not one of my favorite
great for your skin , my skin looks smooth and youthful after the first use !
i really like this nail polish i got it fairly fast i did not had any problems with the package and it was cheap as well i love the price
i did my nails in the average length and was able to get four on the nail i like these more than the 4mm ones so cute !
i really enjoy trying this out as it was my first time . it wasn't hard to apply and my nails look professionally done .
the product is pretty good , i have thick coarse hair and i didnt need the higher setting . it gets really hot .
this is a great conditioner for your hair . my hair loves it . has my hair not dry and has some body .
so cute and fits a lot of makeup inside . i absolutely love polka dots and the mirror inside is cute
nice colour , feels good on the lips but it must be used with a liner.after a while the colour bleeds and smears easily .
best smell , ever . love love love . some vanilla perfumes smell like children or flowers or goth chicks . not this . feminine , subtle , awesome .
not sure what i will use this for , bah , hurts , did not make me look like a movie star .
i bought this perfume for my mom and she has told me that the scent is pretty awesome . she likes it a lot
great perfume that denotes a male couple in daily use fragrance both day and evening , their scent remains long hours keeping the smell . recommended
i'm using this item as part of a leave-in conditioner reciper via youtuber kimmaytube . it smells great and it's wonderful for natural hair .
noticed a difference in my skin the very next day . a lil drying so will only use every other day but super effective !
these work well and the designs are pretty . the designs are also deep enough to accumulate enough polish to transfer to the stamp . would buy again .
i like this its good will buy again . got a sample of the product from sophora first then went on ahead and bought some . expensive but good
i have short hair , usually use rough paste by redken . this seems more like a pomade than texturizing . left my hair looking greasy
very good texture , great scent and does something but you know the rest is diet and exercise , is not miracle but like it
there are several different styles of gems in this pack and its nice to have options when you are trying to do different designs with your nails .
i used these to decorate my nails with many many different designs and i love them ! ! theyre all different sizes !
any girl who has a stash of makeup brushes needs these . they ensure that your brushes maintain their shape always .
would recommend this brush to anyone ! it's soft , useful , and the brush doesn't fall apart like most brushes i have been buying .
this product smells really great . i have been using it for months . the only problem is that it should not be used on sensitive or broken skin .
great price . multi-tasking powder with spf 15 can be worn as a facial orconcealer . easy to use with good results . will reorder again
i like this conditioner and it actually helps hair which feels quite dry . good for retouches and curly wurlies . would buy again
my 15 year old daughter loves this kit ! that's saying a lot . they look cool and stay on for a long time .
i haven't used this long enough to honestly rate this product . nevertheless , so far , so good . waiting patiently for a positive result .
this alpha hydrox oil-free formula ( 1.7 oz / 50 ml ) alpha hydrox is very good exfoliator and promotes cell turn over .
i got these and they were thin and they were short ... nothing like what the picture says . never again . sorry
batiste dry shampoo does the job it's intended for . it feels cool when you spray it on which is very refreshing . the smell is nice too .
the best top coat i've ever used . it dries quickly and truly protects my manicure . i also like the nubar base coat .
these brushes are great . everyone that you need is in the set and they are nicely crafted . plus the price is amazing .
it was worth it price wise and the polish is awesome ... great price and fast delivery .. i was very pleased with this purchase .
you have to try this wand . i get so many compliments it's unreal .
i really like the way this iron makes curls . not too tight and not too loose . it heats up fast and has plenty of settings .
perfect , cheap and just what i needed for nail designs . great little products and cute pink ribbon design . love it
this is a great product love but i will use more when my face is extra dry or when the winter comes but really love it ! ! !
great quality but will not repurchase because the price is high . i can go get a urban decay palette for that much money !
its kind of small if your a working artist but if you just need something small for storage its a great item .
this is the best perfume in the world i absolutly love it and so does my boyfriend , yea its a little spendy but completely worth it :)
so worth it ! keeps skin so hydrated ! absolutely amazing . wouldn't go a day without it ! i have very sensitive skin and it's just wonderful !
excellent product , fast service the best customer service i have ever dealt with ! i highly recommend these to anyone looking for big wave / curls .
this palette is absolutely wonderful for the price . i love the color pay-off and it travels well for my job !
i use these for wigs and hats , they do serve its purpose , they can topple if something too heavy is on them .
this is my favorite mask . i don ` t remember how many boxes i have used . but i am sure i will keep using it .
makeup stayed on good and it looked good after spraying . but my clients jump when i spray it to their face lol .
cotton candy pink . nice color for young girls . looks sweet and pretty . summer and spring color , complements light skin tones .
this is a very subtle but sexy look on my lips . this lipstick applies nicely and the colors holds well . i would purchase again .
my eyelash looks way better then it did before ... i used this on my eyebrows as well and saw a little improvement
good quality foil . looks great on my nails . great price . i would reccomend . easy to use . . . . .
this was recommended by my skin professional it's price was much lower than i had gotten . i encourage you to purchase it
i do my own nails , acrylics or gels and these tips were just what i was looking for . easy to buff the smile line and blend in .
this color is beautiful except it's a little lighter in person , but i was okay with it !
these are great , just what i needed to help remove my acrylic nails ! i won't need to order anything else !
i have used one already and it worked well ! ! better than soaking one finger at a time . lol i will use it often .
it was okay . i am not sure if it's one of the best sprays out there but its ok and gentle to use .
esta lamina para estampados es preciosa y sus diseños muy aptos para toda la uña , ya lo he usado y puedo decir que me encuentro muy contenta
it was not what i expected . its basically a glittery peach . pretty but not fab . i would not recommend this color .
i love it ! the rose smell very good ! not too strong ! and it nice to use ! easy and quick.nice
this is a very easy to use product . i love that it dries quick and clean !
the product i received was brand new . the stamper is east to use but the scraper is a little hard to clean . overall , very pleased .
i love this line of shampoo / conditioner from l'oreal . use both the shampoo and conditioner together for less frizzy hair and a sleeker look .
very soft and nurishing its amazing and color is awesome and i was happily supprised that it smelled like carmel apples
this is simple and pretty . closure is snug and stays in place . its not over stated and great for everyday
it works really well you wouldn't be able to get your blackheads without it you may think you can but once you use this it gets almost all out !
one can not say that cheap is bad this cologne smells like a dream if you want to buy something cheap and good buy this cologne
this pencil put lipstick on smoothly and is easy to handle . i have nothing more to say . i completed the review .
i love this sun shield because it soaks into the skin and does not mess up my makeup when i addthat over the sun shield . it's great !
not great for us naturally curly girls . it works fine if i blow dry my hair " straight " . i am caucasian with extremely curly coarse hair .
this is great at protecting my hair from the damages of heat styling ! i also like the pleasant smell . give it a try !
really pretty simple color . not too flashy , i would think compliments any season . a rosey nude-ish hue . goes on smooth
love this cleanser though it has microbeads so will likely be discontinued in the near future . ):
the product works great . it does not cause brassiness . do recommend to anyone with light hair . though i do not have experience with dark one .
i ordered these for my glamorous daughter ... she gave them a thumbs up so that made me feel good about the surprise purchase ...
i love this scent , it is really unique . my boyfriend loves this.note : it has an elegant and delicate quality , with hint of vanilla kindda scent .
one of my favorite scents ! great for those romantic occasions very sweet , but not overpowering . and it lasts for along time !
fabulous . works great . i nought it on here with my prime cause it was cheaper than going down to walmart . i swear that this smells worse.though .
i have patchy inflamed skin and after the first few uses my skin has calmed down a lot . hopefully it will help clear up my skin totally .
this is the best gel for curly hair . i've been using it with other deva products for several years . i love it .
i thought these would be great but i hate them . waaaay too hard . just one was ok , but still too hard to apply my makeup with .
exactly as pictured . as with any plates , it does take a little patience , but they work well . would definately again !
who doesnt love a good black polish ? i love this black is covers so well unlike the other brands that are streaky and wont cover the nail .
the most beautiful color i have seen in a long time . it compliments everything . glad i found here because they don't have this in the stores .
no fragrances or other annoying additives . about as close to nature as you're going to get . perfect for people with delicate and sensitive skin .
great product ! ... i had never tried these ... but after all the reviews ... i bought them ... they are a great price on here also .
i haven't used this yet but it seems like it'll be very useful or at least i hope it will .
top of the line in company and in products for i always like to have some cosmetic products to help bring out my best attributes .
love this product ! very quick and easy especially when in a hurry . leaves skin refreshed and soft and removes all make-up from the day .
this really helps to make your lashes look thicker and longer . it is great if you have thin or sparse lashes .
these roller clips are the best . i did not see any crimping in my curls . easy to use although they are really big and hard to store .
the colors go very smoothly on the nails and have a nice sheen . the colors go with many different outfits and some are good as neutrals .
this is thumbs up very good colors ... all you need is there must have ! ! ! i will get one for my sis !
iam not sure yet , i have had it 1 week , i love the murad products , but just cannot say at this time .
great for hair and skin . my hair got thicker and longer because of this , and skin got smoother . i just love it !
this is the exact shade of red i was hoping for ! it will be great to use when i paint my nails for christmas !
item price was great , but product was a little too greasy for my preference . i will use remaining but probably will not purchase again .
wonderful specially for curly hair . gentle , i do not lose hair when combing with this . i brought more and gave as gifts .
t the begining i though it veyr expensive , but when bought it as a gift , afffordabl and she loving it .
comes with a lot of them for a cheap price . had trouble making them stay on my nail . have not tried wit gel .
man , i love this wigs look so much , and the way it falls . the color . the only bad thing is it tangles pretty much instantly .
very cute product 55 pcs seems smaller then i expected but they are really cute one the nail . in many colors .
love this very nice this comes in a very nice case love all the brushes they are sooooo nice thank's
great for home made moisturizers and very large amount for the price , very easy to work with , i'd suggest it for the diy
i'm on week 3 of using this stuff and my smile lines are almost totally gone , still working on the forehead wrinkles but they are getting less :)
i like my beyonce pulse , it is a nice warm and inviting smell , but i don't think it's one i will run out and buy anytime soon again
this works great as the tip on a french manicure . it's a nice bright white and it looks very professional when applied carefully !
i already had a dryer with brush , and the spin option doesn't add to the product . not worth it . plus , the brush is too big .
large container , great value , fresh , ample expiration date . great quality stuff
awesome hypoalergenic product . will brighten eye or aging spots guaranteed in my opinionof course . pleasant light fragrance . nice samples come with ..
great buffing , soft , easy to clean . great buy for an inexpensive brand . goes the job and feels amazing on your face !
this thing barely even spins . i guess you can't expect much for this price , but it was definitely a waste of money
safely packaged and great product to use for toning the skin color back to it's natural state.thanks a lot !
because of my different skin challenges , i really am grateful to find this discontinued almay clear complexion product available on amazon.com , at least for now .
i use liquid eyeliner to fill in my top lashes and i love it . it's very pigmented and easy to use . this is my third tube .
have used much of this soap in the past , and enjoy using it . unique smell but no lingering after odor . definitely different .
this is definitely the best fast drying top coat available . hard to find this size , and this is a great price for it .
great product . mud from the dead sea is great for your skin . my wife swears by the stuff . we are very happy with it
these two different sizes of makeup bags are very handy . they are well-made and lined with vinyl . this makes them easy to keep clean .
these are perfect for keeping wet hair out of your face while getting ready . no bulky towel , they are just perfect !
why did i buy this , i don't know . i was feeling lazy going to the grocery i guess . not worth it .
i have been using this product ( shampoo , conditioner , etc ) for years . gives my otherwise lifeless limp straight hair volume ! love it !
fits perfectly in my purse ... no more searching around ! now i know exactly where everything is . :) i would recommend this product to anyone
the glue works good n i would recommend it to someone else ... n is easy to use ... love it ! ! !
makes all different type of lines and strokes let your mind be the limit so many different thank you again
wonderful value . they arent diamond quality , of course , but for the price ? theyre perfect . i use them for my nail art all the time !
these are super adorable , and come with so many different glitters . they are adorable little jars packed with wonderful different shapes and glitters for your nails .
i am allergic to everything ! my doctor recommended this and it has done wonders for my skin . i absolutely love this .
not a fan of this product . at all . it makes my hair feel hard and crispy and full of tangles .
this shampoo it is use it for my wife and they tell me it is great to have a great hair .
fantastic product ! didn't leave my hair feeling greasy at all like most curl products . the smooth crème makes for wonderful curls .
works well for women's with thin hair , comes in two size small and big ! i use it almost everyday :) would order more
use daily . love this cleanser . takes of all makeup and 50 + sunscreen . it is odorless and light and does not irritate skin .
i did not care for this brush . it's just okay . it's not that soft . if you want good brush , go with ecotools .
i have not yet received this product but i know village naturals do not test on animals - and makes lots of bubbles
i don't dislike nicki but i'm also not a fan of hers however i am a fan of her fragrance .
i love how matte and sexy it makes my eyes . i applied this makeup on my eyelid and it made my eyes look fierce and sexy !
i love the product . i used it everyday . i looks just like it was described . it is very cool product .
a very nice product for winters . it soothes skin and smells nice . the moisturizer works well and holds for enough time .
madly matte is right i wasn't expecting for it to be a crackle matte finish . i was bummed it crackled . was looking for a full matte look .
i find that all rock products are wonderful .. i have been using this for a few weeks now.and my skin feels nice and soft .. would recommend it ..
i would recommend this product to any one hempz is a great for my skin . i have told others its a great buy
it's not as big as it looks the case was broke but the makeup product is great it works well and it has a lot of stuff to experiment
this is good primer but i can not use it on daily bases because it clogs pores to much and makes me brake out .
if you are a fan of this brandname cologne , purchase it . good price here , less than going to a department store .
this product does not hold your ends down . you will be replacing it every hour . leaves a white sticky residue .
its good for price but only works well with round nail polishes . the rest dont fit . opi def does not fit in this
i really did not need to use this i was able to use alcohol instead and it worked just as good .
man this stuff works . it gradually lightens your skin . i'm black and it works for my skin type . buy it .
the colors are prettier than pictured . i had purchased the purple clip and needed the green for a friend to accessorize for a wedding .
i love to mix this rosehip oil with my other essential oils as a booster and it keeps my skin soft as a baby's bottomreview title : softer skin
the color does not stay in your hair until you wash it out.it does come off on you bed pillows .
it's great , and has been saving me my teeth for a long , long time . i don't wait to have trouble , glyoxide keeps trouble away .
i used the lighter color more than the darker one . looks beautiful in the summer time ! it has an almost coconut smell , lovely .
love the entire line . dermatologist recommended.this is all i wear . lightweight and great color selections . i would buy again .
this stuff works great ! it cover blemishes , and dark spots just the way i imagined it to ! awesome , awesome product .
this product is very poorly made and not at all worth the money . i was not even able to use it because it is so flimsy .
this brush was a great buy , price was good , great size & it washes great ! i would recommend this to anyone
i love this stuff . it smells great and didn't over dry my skin whatsoever . i love everything burt's bees does .
i ordered the product because i have dark spots on my face that need to be lightened . i think it is working .
i expected this product to go on smoother than it does . it works quite well , but i have to use a little regular face cream to apply .
already love witch hazel so aloe and cucumber make this extra great just to even swipe my face in the middle of the day
the lipstick is a ok color .. but definitely not certainly red . it comes off so easily even with liner and blotting . i wouldn't buy it again ..
it does alright on bleaching the dark marks and is much cheaper than proactiv dark spot corrector but made me break out
great pins ... do exactly what they are supposed to do ... hold your hair in place !
stupid thing locked up on me and i cant even unscrew it ugh ! i would def not buy again .
i find that i like the old stuff better . besides , i felt that this is too greasy for my liking . not my favorite !
awkward packaging - i wish i could get them out of this case ! the product is ok , buy nothing i have found is as good as outlast .
works well as long as you have steady hands . the image is as described . my daughter loves the patterns . recomend
i love this color palette ! it works with every outfit and does not look cheap . great colors and texture and last all day .
i love this colorsand also fast shipping and good wrapping with themi love light orange one that color is so beautifulthis is so good price too :)
you have to have your nails clean and week put them on your nails . you will see result in a month ! can not live without it .
this product worked great for putting my hair in a high bun ... i will definitively be purchasing this again :)
got it in the mail today and i tried it after i took a shower . great great great product ! i highly recommend !
for some reason , it hurts when i put it on my nails . i don't know why so i stopped using it .
helps with the stretching of my earlobes . i doubt , i would buy this again.depends on the price.thank you christine
bought two kinds and this is by far better than the other bottle . great price , great product . great for hydration .
i really would like my money back , this thing came broken up all over the place . i would not recommend this at all !
i received broken nail tips and half of them werent even useable ! ! ! i most likely wont buy these again uness i can see them 1st
i think this is a good product to help with dead skin cells . it does sting a bit if you leave it on too long .
love them and they are so cute ! i used them to stipple my makeup and to put on a finishing powder they worked great !
the colors were vibrant i love the fact that you only use very little mixed with clear and the color is still really bright .
purchased this aftershave to help " cool off " during the summer months . if you like a nice sharp bite after shaving , try this !
fell in love with the night cream . i've really noticed a difference in the feel of my skin and my complexion
my spouse and i both just love this item . the price is so much cheaper than it the big deptment stores .
the smell to this bottle is unbelievable ! ! ! i love it . i have waiting for this scent to come out in the gallon bottles .
i used this as a eyebrow tamer and it does a nice job of keeping my eyebrows neat and in place without leaving it flaky.nice buy
the color looks much darker online but much lighter when the lipcolur arrived ; i won't be ordering this product again .
thanks again for the package as i was totally surprised for the amount that i got in the deal . it is really a nice product
works really well ! blends right into your skin colour . adds a brightness without all of the makeup . recommend ! ! !
the clarisonic body brush is great because i can use it was plain soap or the clarisonic scrub for great effect .
didn't do anything for my hair ! expensive and it's not worth it ! you can try something else works better like biolage !
i have a big head and this dryer works perfectly for drying my locs . it took a while to come , but it was worth the wait !
this is an excellent product . i am glad that i found it online . i would recommend loreal to anyone who cannot find their haircolor in the store .
it leaves my skin feeling soft and works well on the skin with foundation and makeup . will purchase this again .
the richness of this mac studio fix powder plus foundation formula is astounding . i totally enjoy using this product daily .
love this combo on my hair . my hair is as luminous , thick and curly as it can be ! thanks deva !
the picture shows tiny bristle brushes and that is not what you get . they are much bigger . so was not happy with purchase .
love this hairdryer and it leaves my hair in such better condition ! i will never be without this chi hairdryer again ! it truly works !
didnt like the smell and it didnt absorb into my skin so well leaving it feeling a bit greasy and oily
i use this as a before shampoo / over night product . smells so good and it helps keep my hair from drying out after shampooing
i love this stuff . i use just a little after my very curly hair dries and it takes care of my frizz without completely destroying the curl itself !
this lotion smells great , it has a fruity scent . it also gives a mild tingle when tanning and gives good color .
easy to use they are great for pulling up my hair ! i love them , they do not catch and pull my hair when i take it down .
this really is a wonderful product ! i use most of their products and love them . it actually works and worth the money .
haven't seen results yet so i don't know if it works or not . smells great though . nothing else i can say .
i love this as it is the perfect color for my skin tone and hides acne marks and doesn't crease when i wear it .
its an ok product ... but for me really didn't help ! i needed more pigmented shadows . but it can help when in a rush !
i got these on sale for $ 5 , and they are amazing ! a little stinky before the first wash , but no shedding !
does not even look like it smellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllls horrible i will never buy this again do not waste your money on something you will not like
excellent product , a must have in the shower to open up sinuses or at the bottom of my feet with socks , very rejuvenate
i bought this for my mom's birthday . it was very nice , a good size . stays in the hair very well . would recommend
i would have liked more of a variety of holiday images . wish it came with instructions , had to look up instructions online .
powder stays on all day . i love that it came with the puff pad because that is hard to find now a days .
it is soooo small and perfect for travel . it has pretty good power and the travel case was a nice touch .
this product has worked well on my gf's very full and somewhat dry hair . she says it has improved things and i agree .
peter thomas roth uber dry sunscreen spf 30 4.2 oz , this is oil free moisturizer with spf 30 , very good
i have been using this for two days now and no reaction on my sensitive skin . i like the pump , keeps me from using too much .
it's a nice product and i like the way it works but i also like the aveda curl definer and will probably just use that .
works as intended . make sure to not let the nails dry completely or you will have problems getting them to separate from the form .
i love this color and so do my clients ! looks awesome with vegas nights over it ! will continue to buy this !
this item clumps and does not go on smoothly . spend the extra $ 3 for a different maybeline mascara and avoid the clumps .
this works great as an exfoliator . the only thing that is bad is that the replacement pads are very expensive .
i have used this product for years . nice to have a larger bottle at a better price . would recommend it to friends .
big bottle great qualitygreat service , would buy again and share with everyone i know , used every day , love it !
love tjis product i use it a lot so no complaints would recommend this to someone else who needs one
i love this product ! it is perfect for the hands in the winter months , and i use it daily . it smells wonderful too !
this is the second brush i have purchased ! my daughter s can't live with out it ! we really love this product !
they have a volume to them and are very glamorous--not natural looking . i was able to wear them with my glasses though .
i waited forever for these lashes but it was worth the wait , i personally like the thicker ones better tho
even though the lipstick broke immediately after i used it , i found that i kept using it . colour and consistency of the lipstick are nice .
this product made my hair stop falling out which is good , but i was expecting my hair to be smoother and shinier .
this comb is large and great for styling during and after washes ! i wouldn't definitely recommend it and / or purchase this product again .
it , s nice to use and cheaper than other shop , very good . i will buy again after used it , it is my right choice .
excellent product ! this is the real thing ! ! ! love it ! it has made my thin edges thick within 1 week . great & noticeable results .
a must have for any gelish manicure . i went through the mini bottles so fast i had to get the bigger ones this time .
i just started using it two weeks ago and i got a compliment on my skin yesterday and another one today ! ! ' nuff said ! !
this product doesn't do anything for dark spots or age spots . don't waste your money because it doesn't work . will not purchase again .
i am use to using olay , but ordered this because it was on sale at the time . i love that clean refreshing feeling after using this .
i love the bright colors in this eyeshadow kit . the colors are true . they arrived in great condition . very happy with this purchase .
amazing shadow brush for applying shadow all over the lid . it picks up a lot of pigment . beautifully crafted brush and the bristles are very soft .
excellent primer base for the eyes , dries to nice soft finish , lasts all day for me and makes your eye shadow pop .
i love this and it's very strong and the color pattern is so bright and nice on the outside it doesn't rip or tear . very good
always paint clear before the color.natural is best . peels off sometimes . easy to remove.less chemicals than most polishes .
very pretty color . as usual , opi rocks . i've never had any issue with their nail polishes . usually two coats are required but that's with anything .
really brings out the colors ! even after i get out if the pool ... my eyeshadow is still going strong ! ! love this stuff .
i can use this power with confidents knowing it will cover my gray hair and strengthen it at the same time
perfect amount , array of colors , these are a good price point and a great add to a nail art collection .
wonderful , i can feel it working . rated # 1 with consumer reports above all the high priced lotions & potions
this is a very smooth operating dryer . my wife loved it . likes the slick design too . definitely recommend it .
i do not have a great tolerance for wheat based products . i was very pleased to find this product . thank you .
i like shiny things . now my hair is shiny . i am eternally happy . plus this stuff lasts a long time and smells like dreams and wishes .
what can i say , it's a freaking hair dryer . my daughter is happy with it and i liked the price so it's a win , win
not sure it's " authentic . " seems to irritate skin a little , while previous drugstore purchases were gentle .
works for me . love that i don't have to time this as you do with some spot correctors , can be left on overnight .
good to store and use whenever you want ad very cheap i love this and would most likely buy again and again
i like it but i probably wouldn't get it again . it can be hard to try to attend to all spots on your nail .
i get clean lines and the impressions have all been very consistent.the designs are all the right depth , and so easy to use ! love these ! ! !
i just love this scent , it reminds me of my grandmother , i just love it , its a great price and arrived quickly
works good , easy to use if you're accustomed to wearing liner . dark black , doesnt smudge . will definitely buy again . thanks
wish you had more of this color - it's the only one i will wear . can you get more in stock ?
it sounds better than what it really is . i was lured in by all the descriptions but it just isnt doing anything for my hair .
this tool worked great.it is very easy to use it was reasonably priced , and overall i was very satisfied . i would recommend it .
this doesn't work that great.the suction cups don't suction and the pillow isn't that comfortable.but , it does the job.not much else to say .
i apply my foundation then use this for my under eye concealer but all it does for me is move the makeup around instead of pushing it into my skin
i love this scent very fresh not overwhelming and last a long time and it was a good price to
great for tips in a french manicure . i am in love ith opi gels ! they apply so much better then the other ones i have used .
i love this soap . it smells amazing and is very moisturizing on my skin . i also bought the lotion to go with this soap .
works sort of ok when the bottle is full but as bottle is emptied it does not work . not satisfied .
i like this because it moisturizes well but i do not like the smell . it takes some getting used to . i wish it was unscented .
i like it , is very good day cream for your skin , but if the price go down a little , will be perfect
this is just a cap ... a cap is a cap . just don't know what to say ! kinda tight but it works !
i purchased this for a gift for my niece who is really good at doing hair ... she loves it . works great and no complaints .
so far so good . i use it everytime after showering before blow drying and it really helps give me the volume i'm looking for !
the color of this powder is just what i wanted . i got two for the price of one and use it every day .
i like all the free and clear products for vanicream.this product works great and will last forever.it does make my hair somewhat wavy .
this product arrived quickly , but despite previous reviews and giving it a month to work i've seen no improvement with puffiness or squint lines .
given as a gift and they loved it . i am looking forward to buying more in the future for myself .
great for stenciling only , i think the polish is too thick for regular painting . no problem since that is what i bought it for .
this was a waste of money ... as soon as i used them they split and wouldn't hold fluid ... a glass jar works better
i thought it would be larger , however they are very cute and work great . i wish the would put sizes in the description .
the actual wig is much , much curlier than in the picture ! it is also shorter and has very thin bangs !
fake rose smell , it was pleasant . this just wasn't the toner for me . made my face worse with this and neutragena oil free acne wash .
they are soooo beautiful ! i love this pallet . and you get such a great deal ... 16.99 ! ? wow . you cannot beat this .
these plates are awesome ! ! the designs are really cool and pretty . easy to grasp with the stamper . love the pueen products .
this is better than using c on its own . its really work too . i get so many compliments since i started using that i stopped noticing ..
its a citrus sent . the density isn't watery and it works just fine . if you do not like citrus smells you might not enjoy this
love the shine and the time to dryi would definitely purchase this item again and recommend it to others .
these curlers are just what the doctor ordered ! they can make tiny curls or just to puff up your already existing texture.they actually stay in place , too !
wife really likes this blow dryer . it dries hair quicker thereby not exposing to harmful heat over longer periods of time . she also noticed shinier hair .
will buy again my shadow does stay on and i get a lot of complements i like it great tried it great stuff wonderful stuff
this moisturizer is amazing for my sensitive skin , especially my eye-lids . you use only drops at a time , and it feels wonderful on your skin .
great product when you have already have a small fair base tan . smells good not heavily fragranced and lasts a long time
for the cost it's amazing ! definitely recommend this product to whoever loves their eyebrows and doesn't want their eyebrow hairs flapping in the wind !
i love wand curling irons and this made big loose curls . my hair looks great after it's done !
what an awesome deep blue color . i can't wait to play with this color this winter . great with cnd additives . love it .
love the way this makes me hair feel . i use it after using heating products and it helps my hair feel soft and smell amazingly well . def recommend
simply put , this is exactly what it says it is , 100 % pure castor oil . great for using for skin care treatments at a great price .
i spray this in my damp hair or dry hair n then follow up with a moisturizer i cant tell if its doing anything or not .
i hate the feeling on my hair after i used this shampoo .. it feels dry .. and i don't like the smell hate .. do not buy
love the product . wish you would make a two pack of each base and top since i go thru so much of it with each manicure
these strips are a ton of fun . nice uniform color on each roll . these should also last quite a while .
a gorgeous darker red . i love these shades of red especially for winter season and this is a really nice , beautiful shade of garnet red .
very sensual fragrance ! ! ! long lasting will order more before i run out ! ! ! an attention getter ! ! !
i use this for nail polish remover and it seems to be spill proof . works well for what i want it to do .
work well for holding curlers or holding your hair up while styling . works well on my thick , thick hair :d
this color is so rich and dark and gorgeous . probably my favorite now ! opi has never disappointed . love them adore this color !
i'm loving this polish . my new favorite burgundy creme . goes on smoothly and looks amazing on short and long nails .
its sharp . i have to be careful while using it . it does the job and saves me trips to the salon .
i would purchase premier milk cleanser again . it is creamy feeling , smells great , and provides gentle cleansing for my face and neck .
great to practice on . sturdy and good qualiity . the only negative thing i can say , is tjat they are all the same size .
light : works , swivel : works , dual sided with one side zoomed : yuplittle outlet in the back to put in ur straightner : yup
i don't have large bags under my eyes , but what bags i do have this product removes ! takes 10years off of my face .
tiny bottle of the loveliest smelling lilac perfume . i didn't realize i was ordering such a tiny bottle considering the price .
my manicurist recommended this cuticle oil , i put it on my toe nails and finger nail cuticles and i can really notice the difference .
i'm sure i'm gonna get the best of this dots because i'm very artistic i just order one and i got two
this comb is perfect for keeping my hair back from my face . it's hard to find these in the stores these days .
i have used this befor it is great for soft nailsthe hole line is great my nails are healing nowafter one use great product
this eyeshadow stays put all day , even through zumba class and eliptical machine . i'll purchase it again because for the money , it can't be beat .
this product come to my house in perfect conditions and is an excelnte product , my shade stays all day !
i have fallen in love with all my hair pins and have even sent my sister a set . they are all very large and very beautiful .
the eyes are delicate and should not be pulled on . i sometimes have to wear a primer underneath this primer . not sure i'd buy this product again .
this just didn't work for me at all . it's easy to apply and didn't cause any eye irritation but it also made absolutely no difference in my eyelashes .
i use the soap on my legs because my legs get very dark . my legs get dark but all i do is put soap on my legs .
bristles are too hard and don't bend well . i would not recomend these at all to anyone who does nail art .
it's not creme , it is shimmer which was a surprise for me.applies easily with no brush marks.good addition to my blue collection .
this almond oil is fast absorbing and is fragrance free . very good value for the size and i will order again .
i'm not sure what these things are supposed to be used for , but i can't use them for anything . it was a total waist of my money .
decent smell , cheap price ... overall just ok . doesn't last very long on skin , stays a little longer on clothing .
i bought this one and the spf 100 . this doesn't feel greasy at all and works great . i love it .
i love it . i mixed it with the 12av for an amazing blonde color . highly recommended . i will repurchase this for sure .
used for doing my own shellac manicure and dipped in a bit of 99 % alcohol it cleaned up the " smile lines " nicely .
i like the product because it really works on adult skin . it doesn't over dry and it works super fast
this is the first time i've tried a dry shampoo and am very pleased with this product .
the instructions are in chinese and there are pictures , but they just show the finished product , not how to use it .
doesn't flake or peellong lasting - wore for a night out of dancing & it didn't sweat offno smudgeswould suggest you remove with eye makeup remover !
i bought this as a gag gift . it really does look like a burger . it's a very cute double zipper design .
lovd all the designs that are offered on these nail plates . i received on time and enjoy doing different nail designs .
works fine does what it's supposed to no string so if you need one these are not for you . i like em
lots of brushes with a wide variety of applications . unaffected by even pure acetone , perfect for detailed nail art designs
this is very good product . i would definitely buy it again . it is smooth and not harsh and does not irritate your eyes .
great for those who like a warm , spicy , ginger-y scent . for years , this has been my favorite of all axe scents .
o produto até é bom , uma pena que comprei a cor errada , muito escura , daí no dá pra avaliar muito bem .
i own one in black and white . super fun and easy to use . score ! a must have if you're into nail art .
i saw results in 2 days with continued improvement . excellent results especially for the price . definitely will continue using these products .
this seems to be working good , i really do enjoy using it and seems to make my face look cleaner .
you have to get this . so good for your nails and makes everything look complete . worth the money every time .
i just love this and it is so useful . my skin is so dry so i need it sooooooo much ! ! ! and the price is so perfect
like this product very much . use daily of course for makeup application . this product was stated as it really is . thank you
i do like this roc range and i think the pen works . however it is good as a night gell as it does cake under make up .
wonderful brushes for nail art designs . easy to use and control for tiny patterns . would recommend for any type of art work .
the only fake tan i've found that doesn't make my porcelain skin bright orange . extremely pleased
i will be purchasing some more of these brushes because they're awesome and affordable ! ! ! you will not go wrong trying these babies out !
it's my new go to applicator , and it leaves a perfect finish and if you use it correctly you don't waste product !
jergens ultra healing lotion , 32 ounce , very satisfied with this item . it exactly what it said it would be . love it !
this nail polish is perfect for everyday use . the color payoff is great , it is so easy to use too .
nice soothing smelling wax for your paraffin home machine . makes chapped hands feel extra smooth . also good for hand arthritis
i don't know about the quality yet . i will use it in 45 days . it's strong and hopefully will last .
i got it for double . have to tell you don't come this more again . please that is enough . thank you
my skin is very sensitive and breaks out easily with most skincare products but not this one . love how it feels on my skin .
don't buy this product , it's garbage . i bought the entire " package " which cost over $ 80 when sam's club had this as a promotion .
i love this thing i only wish they had one that folded upi use it all the time works great and is not too big , very cool !
it goop's up too fast . i was only able to use it 2x before it was too globby to use . a waste of money .
clearasil ultra acne + marks wash and mask : 6.78 oz is a nice pastel blue colored , clay slip consistency acne wash it is drying but it works
i wear this lipstick with my lavender color shirts ... it really looks lavender when combine with something of that color ... nice shimmer color ...
i like this texturizing powder and the hairspay . it is perfect size for travel . works great so i would recommend !
i love the lipstick of this knicks ! it is because it is a lovely color although it is a natural neutral color !
i would recommend for this product for anyone who have damage hair , or dry hair ... makes my hair very healthy
this is the best product i've ever used for skin bleaching . i've never experienced any irritations or side effects and it works almost immediately .
plain , classy , opaque - kind of white , but still light . looks good with everything . i have short nails and it looks very nice .
love this powder it works great for the skin helps reduce the appearance in cellulite and is a lot more affordable then going to the salon
i am so glad i purchased this extra brush for normal skin . i like it way better than the one the soft one the clairsonic comes with .
great highlighter , wow i saw this on youtube and i knew i had to get one . i have dark skin and its amazing
this product smells great and makes my skin really smooth . i use it in the shower once per week . the price is reasonable .
i have purchased this light twice now . someone dropped the first one 😁 size works great for two hands or feet .
for the price these aren't bad nail art brushes . they are nice and thin which is what i was looking for
we've all tried it many times and it leaves blotchy results . this is a poorly designed stamp that is a waste of time .
this product makes my hair very soft and heals the dry over processing feeling . i use it all the time now .
this was a pretty good product to use , and it leaves a soft feel to the skin . not sure if will order again .
sweet chocolate is a shimmery brown with hues of gold . it is very pretty in person & doesn't look much like the swatch that they have shown .
perfume excelente , se puede usar de diario , fresco y muy suave , recibi el producto en el tiempo estimado , lo recomiendo .
didn't work for me at all . i didn't have any increase in my tan from the tanning bed as to not using tanning lotion .
2 thin coats to perfect mani ! it's a great color and has a very good spreadable consistency . easy to apply .
great over other colors to give a holographic affect , will be great holiday color by itself too
doesn't last long at all . really disappointed . had read good reviews about this product . flakes off very quickly--flakes end up under my eyes :(
lesson learned . this is one of those things that smells great on certain people but i will never buy fragrance without trying it out first ever again .
this brush is nice . it seems to really detangle your hair . at any rate , it does tear out much less hair than the typical brush .
great deal for the price - awesome color combo , this palette has all the colors needed to blend a perfect combination for a tan skin girl
well , i think i do not have any special feeling about it ... just like any other masks in the same brand .
this polish is beautiful with a great formula and its a dark berry pink that is so easy to work with , glossy and overall a great polish .
i wanted to try this mascara from l'oreal because they make such good mascara . this is another good mascara and it makes my eyelashes look good .
this is one of the best leave in conditioner one can use ... absolutely nice . i love it , love it and i love it .
i shaved and bleached my hair a while back and this is like the only thing saving it right now !
oh my ... this brush set is perfect for everyday use . it is great , no fall out at all and it is so easy to clean .
good product for maintaining my break-out prone facial skin . i felt the face wash was too weak so i use the body wash all over .
this cream is very moisturizing but feels kind of greasy for me . i wouldn't buy again because i haven't noticed and special changes in my skin .
love , love , love ! ! the good reviews are on the money , take good care of this brush and it takes care of you !
these ones are okay . i just wish they had the curve . without the curve , it makes it hard to apply to my lashes .
i bought these for the handmade hair bows and clips i make for my daughter and sell to others . they work well and hold up without issue .
love the natural looking color for my very fair caucasian skin and the tingle isn't too strong yet strong enough i kno it's working :)
i'm an oily , acne prone beast but this really decreased my break outs , it was recommended by a youtube guru and i will be purchasing it again .
i use this eyeliner after i use pencil eyeliner to give it more color and lasting power . i bought the brown liquid eyeliner . its very good .
vavava oomph . makes you look as if your wearing falsies but your not . worth every penny.the formula glides on smooth and clump free .
this is a wonderful sulfate free shampoo for those of us with curly hair . it helps keep the curls instead of tangles .
i love it it is wounderful productsit is beautyblender no one can deny itthank u . . love it
this powder is so fine and extra silky that it's great as a body powder . the fragrance is clean and not too strong .
this glue works very good . it stays on all day and keeps my lashes on . i will continue to buy this .
i wear them alone under gloss / lipbalm for the most part . great colors , slides on great . lasts decently long :) great price !
i like it , hope it last for a long time it seems to be a strong nail tip clipper cutter
came in original packaging . this is the best concealer out there ! i will order again and again for sure :-)
i've used this product foe 6 years . it is a great product when applied twice daily . my skin is always looks it's best .
was a gift for a little girl , she loved them and put it in right away . she was all smiles
don't bother . completely over priced considering the total lack of results . doesn't even give momentary improvement in your eye area . skip this one .
i like the product i use it a lot i need to order more but it takes to long to arrive 3-4 weeks i waited
good for travel and keeps their original shape after i wash them ( daily ) ! will not live without them ever again !
silky texture and fragrance-free . packaging with pump will keep the ingredients stable during use . olay always provides good products with good prices .
overall good dotting tool , great price for it as well . try going to sallys and purchasing this the cost will be pricey
i guess ok , i found it a little drying . not sure if i would repurchase . i have not been using the quantity recommended .
i thought these has microbeads for extra exfoltiation but this was just a clear liquid . there are better products out there .
good for spot treating , frosted really quickly . i haven't used it over my entire face yet , but will definitely be diluting it before i do .
this does not work at all , and all you get it the sponge thing not the hair clip shown as well .
great collection of makeup . lots of nice colors and in a nice case as well with useful mirrors built in .
this is one of the best body washes i have tried that moisturizes very dry skin . moisturizer effect stays all day without leaving residuals .
if you can get your hands on any of the village natural bath soap .. omg it is the best stuff you will ever ever use .
no fuzz , holds together very well . swisspers makes a very good product . a little big and prefer the swissperse round cotton pads .
this stuff stinks . lmao it does seem to control my scalp issues though . i haven't been using it too long but so far so good .
so far , it doesn't help grow edges but patient is the key right ? :) the smell isn't the best but its castor oil
the wheel i received wasn't quite as full as the picture portrays , but i definitely received more than my money's worth , which was my biggest concern .
does a fair job for me but doesn't have the power i was expecting . so of the tips are useless as well .
this works pretty well . my only complaint is that the top of the straightner gets very hot and i have accidentally burned my hands more than one time .
i love this comb nice wood and healthy and the view the same pictrus me buy it its work
i already have long lashes and this product makes it 10x more ! i will buy more when i run out !
greasy ! it does not feel like coconut oil and it smells synthetic . i think i threw it out , if i find it , i will .
i love this and it works great with my skin . i have sensitive / combo skin . a small amount goes a long way .
i love this sunscreen . first facial one i've used that doesn't break me out and is good or my skin , will be a life long user .
this is a quality product whose description matches it's content . alcohol free and gentle . just be careful , some people break out with aloe vera naturally .
very pretty , vibrant pink color . it's not too bright and doesnt bunch up in your inner lip like some others . it's smooth gliding .
i like it and it does the job of helping me fall asleep in the dakr . i do not like that it slips off during the night
i like this as it is compact and easy to use . it stays on all day . i will purchase it again .
decent for the price , lash band is really thin , lashes are straight ; but you can bend them to fit more to your eye shape .
i gave this as a gift to my daughter for christmas , she loves it . it's a huge bottle and it smells great .
the shipping is excellent as expected , the mascara is sooooooo dry its made my lashes stick together i guess because of the bad storge
i was looking for a " tiffany blue " and i found it ! ! ! this color is gorgeous and the polish is perfect .
i received this quickly , and a great assortment of colors ! i love that this comes in a case ! i would recommend this product .
did not work . waste of money , trust me don't buy this stuff it doesnt work . it didnt work for me at all .
it's thick and creamy ... it almost numbs the itchy winter skin too . this is a lot of lotion , enough for a family .
me and my mother used it today and it works , afterwards our skin was soft and tighter . recommend to any and everybody ! !
i use this when i want to wear my hair straight and just pushed back and it gets the job done !
i really love this clipper . it has good build quality.the functionality is also reasonably good and sharp enough head ...
this product is overloaded with lavender . why not just buy a bottle of lavender and put it on my face ? lol
love the bright pink i thought the other color was black but it is a dark purple not bad tho arrived intact love the vibrancy of the color !
love using this brush for stippling on liquid or cream blushes - affordable , good quality , and easy to clean .. i'm a fan !
nice color , the fig jam , and nice saturation . but it was dry and dragged across my lips with discomfort and difficulty .
this is the best . don't miss out on this great product . if you will try it , you will love it .
one of the brushes came apart in my hand as i was opening them . the rest are pretty nice for the price
these phytoceramides really work . my skin looks younger and feels healthy after using it for about 3 and a half weeks . a + + recommended
i think i have a problem with konad i keep buying stuff and buying stuff this plate is great no cons
love the ergonomic shape of the sponge . its durable and easy to clean ... spreads the foundation well . its a must have beauty tool
i have a collection of brushes and accesories . really like that the brushes are tiny so the polish is applied exactly where you want it
pretty colors , very vibrant but , soo thin ! they almost look like stickers . still , their great for encapsulated nails designs :)
i have used this product for a year and can't go without it know . gives extra volume which i really need . it won't disappoint .
not really a body washer for me but clarifying shampoo yes it works great i dont know it i will repurchase again its to small .
new to lashes but this glue was very helpful and amazing ... the little brush works great avoiding a mess . definitely recommend this !
goes on smootht blends like a dream dream lasts all day absolutely an amazing product would very easily recommend to anyone
i have used this for about a month now and have seen great improvement in the way my skin feels and looks !
i am very picky about my mascara , and this mascara id fantastic and is a great price . thanks very much
this jojoba oil works very well . i used it on my skin and hair a couple times . i like using it as a massage oil best .
i bought this color as well as tropix and i am pleased with both products ... am looking forward to using them this spring / summer
it's very florally and musky . s actually very nice , feminine , fresh , clean yet sexy smelling and it lasts forever on me ,
large assortment of mail decoarting strips . can be a little tricky to use especially for beginers but otherwise no complaints .
the proactiv products are overpriced and undersized . there are cheaper , natural skin solutions , such as rosehip oil , honey , and tea tree oil .
this is one of my most favorite glitter polishes ever . it looks great over dark blue or black base coats .
i had been a chi user for years and after 2 broke , i switched to the sedu - it's actually easier to use and lighter .
another product that seems to be all hype . maybe i should keep waiting . waiting . and waiting . for it to maybe work !
perfect color for doing your own french manicure look at home . pairs great with harmony simply sheer polish . love the look !
i love this stuff ! i can't say much more than that . my skin feels great when i use it .
i waited forever to purchase these and i'm so glad that i finally did ! they work awesome for creating cute nail designs !
i love the beautyblender sponge and bought the cleaner to help extend the life of my sponge . it only takes a couple of drops to clean your sponge .
super nice and east to use . i use this in conjunction with the vivo per lei day cream and they are a great pair .
i have purchased a more expensive beauty tool like this and this one is just as good , if not better . i'd order it again .
i loooooove this eyeshadow . it's so vibrant and i don't have to cake it on in order for it to be seen .
these lashes are really thick and great for evenings out . they are easy to apply and they came very quickly .
love the smell and dandruff control of this shampoo , hard to find one that works and doesnt smell like " dandruff " shampoo
there just is nothing else to say about this perfume . it smells as good today as it did when it first came out .
great for moisture . i have a mixture of 3c / 4a / 4b hair and my hair loves this protein pack . the smell also is great too
for my sensitive skin , this is my bubble bath . it smells great . i also use the village naturals white tea milk bath soak along with this .
this is a nice color , but it was a slightly different shade than i expected . i still enjoy it though
my mac dollymix blush is perfect . it's jst the right shade of pink that i was looking for . i love it !
i love this product.it works great for lashes either real or false lashes.the product came pretty fast too.thanks again . i will be buying again .
can't tell if it works . i feel it go on and seems to add film over face but make up still comes off after long day .
my husband uses this product not only as a skin lotion but also as hair gel . he said it works great .
this is the best creed out there . if you like creed , this one is their best and liked by most .
wow ! save @10 - 15 mins not fighting my hair every day . sent one to my daughter - her boys each want their own .
it serves it's purpose as a top coat but it is not quick drying . if you don't mind waiting , then it's fine .
only have used one time . didn't do a lot for me . nice product , but just didn't like the way it looked on my skin tone .
it is a great thick cream that i like best for the winter when my skin gets really dry . lasts a long time .
i really like these great selection of gems they look awesome on the nail designs , i would order again the price is amazing !
im learning how to put on makeup and this really help me a lot with blending they are perfect , and they shipped really quick
can achieve the perfect messy bun or sleek bun with this thing ! i wondered why in the world didn't i buy one sooner !
i'm not really a big fan of this perfume . the only reason i got it is bc my husband really likes it on me .
my stylist recommended this spray , but it made my hair more dry than it already was . it smells nice but that's about it .
brass free makes such a huge difference when i use this now . no longer have reddish tint but nice light brown streaks covering my minimal white hairs .
i have been wearing it everyday for years , it really makes a difference in the strength of the hair . i highly recommend .
halloween wig maybe but not for daily use . it was cheaply made and hair kept falling out without even brushing it .
i love this stuff ! my face feels clean and not dried out . i recommend it . it makes my face feel cleaner
this works pretty good . the zebra print pretty much fits on my largest finger ( which is my thumb ) and is super cute .
it is great brush and easy to use . the brush hair is with good quality and it competes with sigma beushes .
these brushes are awesome quality ! you can't beat it ! i love using them ! would use no other ones ! they work great and no fall out !
this big bottle of perfume it smells so good ! the price was really really good ! going to have to get some more !
the smell is wonderful . just the right sandalwood fragrance . but i wish it lasted longer as you need to keep applying it .
perhaps the stronger strengths do more . this one didn't do much for me . i invested in better more expensive products at the end of the day .
i use this all the time when my hair is a lighter color so it wont turn into that orange brassy color
not so great as a foundation brush , maybe for hightlight ? i'm not sure about this brush , i wanted to like it .
this doesn't weigh my hair down , and i like the smell . it's a bit pricey for a moisturizer , but it's worth it .
this polish applies very well with no streaks or see through . the consistency is nice and really brings out the skin color . great for spring and summer !
great product set . i would definitely recommend it to anyone that's has acne problems .
works well . great value for the price . i would recommend this for anyone looking for a simple way to create new hair styles .
great color shine and dry time i like iti would definitely purchase this item again and recommend it to others .
impulse buy makes me look like a hooker , not a movie star , my dogs did not like it go away
i used this for a phone case i wanted to decorate . they were very cute and just like the picture i plan to use the on other thingsproslight weighcute
i might buy another my mom took mys she like it she 81 so guess ok it she use it
i love this product , it leaves the hair very silky and manageable . i recommend this for those who wants beautiful hair
great selection of shapes and sizes . small like you need for nail art decorations . super great price . try them yourself .
fine . pretty soupy and did not absorb very well . did not help kp but helped moisturizing
works well for its intended purpose and really fills a need for inbetween colorings and touchups . i would definitely recommend .
these don't work the way they should . they're cheap and leak around the cap if you tilt them . i do not recommend these at all .
this product is healthy and good for you hair and will definitely keep the strays down . i highly recommend it .
i used this to help with acne . it seemed to work okay and the oil quickly absorbed . i couldn't seem to get over the smell though .
it's fine . does just what it should . covers well , stays " dry " ( not oily ) , looks good and is true ivory color .
may be great for someone with thick , crazy , out of control hair ... but i found this stuff way too light weight and didn't do crap !
very soft , and bright colors , purchased them for my mom and am going to buy some for myself now , for sure .
product arrived quickly . i've been using it and t has helped my brittle , dry , peeling nails . will definitely purchase again once this bottle runs out !
i didn't use this every day or night . i think if i keep it up , i will see a much better improvement in these dark spots .
it's also good pack and ship . but product is not so good . never buy again . maybe tried another version of maybelline's mascaras
i like this sugar scrub it really exfoliate it leave your skin soft and smooth . it's not greasy at all . i love this scrub .
it's hard and kinda clumpy but i got that from other reviews before i ordered it . it just needs warmed up a bit and it rubs on smoothly .
these are flat backed , shiny and are perfect size for nail art , about 30 gems in each of 12 compartments .
colors are nice and i use it everyday for my contouring , especially the brown and i use a combination of the pink blushes and the white for eyeshadow
i use this product at night , goes on smooth and has a soft pleasant scent . gentle on my sensitive skin and wake up with refreshed skin .
i have naturally curly ( tight curls ) hair and this product really works to keep the frizzies at bay without any stiffness or stickiness .
wonderful product , 100 % satisfied . price is excellent for the amount of the product . great price , better price than in a department store .
was a gift for my dad for christmas , one of his favorites and he like it . smells great , nice packaging .
good product but i can't see much difference form the other lip balm brands . i found the eos ones to be better .
not overpowering but fresh . it reminds me tommy girl fragance . i really like this perfume . very satisfaced with my purchase .
this product gave me acne and is very runny . i didn't understand the fuss , not for me . wouldn't recommend this .
just wanted to try this gloss out and i do like it for putting on top of lipstick has a hint of color . shipping was fast and free
very nice makeup palette for everyday use . it fits anywhere and you can take it on the go . very pigmented .
i really like obaji , they make good products that work well . it can dry out your skin if you use it daily . it shipped fast .
this stuff leaves your skin feeling soft . great for people who have sensitivity to body washes . love this and will buy again .
does smooth skin out and helps with red bumps on skin . smells horrible though luckily the smell doesn't last long .
these lashes are great ! they don't look over the top and thats what i like about them (: they arrived on time which was great
i so love this product , its taking me some time to get the hang of it , but its so much fun to use ,
love it ! this product really works - leaves my hair soft and manageable . love the scent amd i know its protecting my hair
i dont know ... ive put it on and i didnt notice any visible difference before and after . expected more from it so kinda disappointed .
i think they work great , but they're more like foam blocks than an actual sponge . they still work hard and get the job done though
this product is wonderful .. 11 r gone and my puffy eyes .. my husbandoves it as well .. i am pleased with my purchase
fast shippping , bought it for my hair , this is real rosemary mixed it with other oils , try it will be happy you did .
quality production and fast shipment - - cut my hair easily because these are sharp and made for hair .. this is a good option .
oh , i love this stuff ! it does wonders for cuticles ! i use this all the time . it's the best cuticle oil ever !
love it use it every day , enjoy the large bottle because i use it so much , in the bath especially
i rate this 5 stars because it works well and i love it :] i have other brands but this one works great . happy with this set .
i've use less expensive products that work better ! however it smells really good ! perhaps it works best on caucasian hair ... i'm aa with thick natural hair !
i received my package within three days , the jumbo pencil works well except it creases without a base . i will purchase more in the future .
i love this color in the fall and winter ! ! it looks very rich and really stand out on fingers or toes .
really cute set , i'm in love cause for this whole set at the salon you only pay for one . buy buy
love the product but not so much the seller i bought from . i've bought this product fibe times . that's how much i love . totally recommend it .
purple is my favorite color , and this one didn't fail . it is almost blue . it provides great coverage , not transparent .
light and lovely , this perfume was just perfect . i especially loved the bottle . too bad they decided to discontinue it .
nothing fancy about these , you've probably used millions of them over the years . but it's handy to have a few on hand or in a travel case .
this is a gift for a friend who can't locate it , haven't given it to her yet . i have seen it on her toes and wow !
i have used it for a month and don't see results . i guess you have to use it for months to see results , or not ?
nice not quite white color , goes on smooth . you'll need more than one coat to get it to look nice , though .
never disappointed . best cleanser out there and last for a lifetime ( not literally ) . this is my favorite cleanser enough said
this is a very nice lotion - but unfortunately the scent is a tad bit on the strong side . too strong for me ..
goes on smooth . nice and bright . i bought it to coat my lids before applying my eye shadow . looks great . will buy again .
makes my skin look shiny but it is good because it sticks and does not go away easily even in the shower .
wonderful to lighten brown spots plus many other applications.good for stretch marks and scars too . i always have it in stock .
i faithfully used this cream daily ; moreover it is highly recommended by my dermatologist . i received positive comment about my face
this is a good clarifying shampoo . it does the job . cleans the scalp . i only use this once a month or after a chemical process .
it smells great and works as promised . my hair feels clean , but not weighted down or frizzy . i would by this again .
we absolutely love this soap . it has the most wonderful sandalwood fragrance . buying a case at a time also lowers the cost .
love this heat protective spray it don't weight your hair down at all and u don't have to use a lot .
no english instructions but i figured it out the best way i knew and i came out with some wonderful curls .
wife uses this product on her face as a conditioner as she is definitely pleased with its results . a happy wife is a happy home .
i recieved this item fastly , i used and it works perfectly . i used with my sister and she was happy .
this was a nice find . it's inexpensive and is really skin friendly . i would recommend to anyone with sensitive skin .
these gloves are very luxurious and silky . they are perfect for wearing to sleep at night after putting on moisturizer . highly recommend !
love the feeling and it makes me look great .. :) nothing like having your face clean before leaving the house .
the comb it self is abit heavy it heats up really fast tho great for thick hair would recommend it
sturdy mirror , good light provided for both magnification and regular mirror sides . mirror swivels easily to change sides & magnification .
will buy again . i use this every day near my eyes and i do not feel bad one bit sleeping in this or using near my eyes .
love the double end stamper but the scraper is just ok . i prefer to use an old credit card instead of the scraper . could be personal preference .
i love using this lotion because it does an excellent job of removing dead skin cells . in the process , my skin appears even .
this has been my favorite daily cologne for about 16 years.the larger size is a better buy . i buy both , as the smaller bottles are refillable .
haven't used the brush . i use a larger one . but the mineral powder goes on flawless and covers well . no complaints .
great for moisturizing after a shower . i also add this oil to my lotions to make more moisture . great to have on hand .
i like these hair ties a lot . it holds hair in place , it doesn't pull hair . that's all i ask for in hair ties .
this leave-in conditioner actually made my hair very dry . i also noticed some breakage while using this product . extremely disappointed ! ! ! "
haven't used for very long , haven't seen any results yet , but am continuing to use . so , guess that i shouldn't be in such a hurry !
not the best or worst of top coats - it does dry quickly but it doesn't prevent chipping either - regardless of the quality of the nail color .
the colors are beautiful and outstanding ! ! it would be a great gift because it's very affordable and the quality is comparable to other branded makeup .
i love shellac polish and this color is awesome . it is an orangey pink and is a hot color for summer . one of my new favs .
i don't care for lipstick at all . i love lipgloss especially brown / neutral shades . i think this color works well for women of color .
i use this everyday before blow drying and straightening and spray a little in after and it makes my hair very soft ! !
i used for a couple days mesh starting comeing out.would like it replaced if possible . i have long thick hair so i thought this would last awhile
huge huge huge bottle of shower and bath gel - i couldn't believe the quality i got for my money - i would recommend this to everyone
really cant review this ... it is what it is ... but i like the bottle ... i like the whiteness ... kinda hospital looking ...
lovely scent in a generous size for a wonderful price makes this superior smelling product a must have for the lover of all things lavender .
perfect size nail polish ! who really uses more than this anyway ? between my friends and i , the shades appear to be universally flattering .
nautica always comes up with great colognes and this was not the exception . nice affordable price and specially for what you are getting
i loved all the other eco gels cuz this use to get so hard it freezes on on u got this on amazon cuz it was a good price .
makes my skin feel very soft and minty . i'm going to buy a gallon of this stuff . i really wish i would have tried it ages ago .
it is very pretty colors only thing is it peels quickly on natural nails does prettyngood on artificial nail acrylic .
super cute hairpin . lovely color and jewels are intact . has not broken at this point . a very pretty piece of hair jewelry ! love it !
great idea ... much better than putting soaked cotton and foil around it and trying to hold them on while trying to do the other hand .
really only takes one pass over each section for my super curly hair ! great product !
excellent polish jelly finish beautiful and bright purple neon color would definitely recommend this color for others to definitely purchase
if you are getting the art image plates from konad , this tool is a must have ! this is what make the magic happen on your nails =)
this works well , but definitely takes some patience to notice the difference , noticed a difference after about 3-4 weeks of use .
i use nail forms myself , but these are holding up wonderfully on my mom and other clients ! i like how clean they look underneath verses traditional ones .
it works for the most part . i only used it once and it worked really good . it protected my hair from all the heating tools i use
everywhere i go , i received complements on my lashes . no one seemed to notice they are false lashes . i love it and will order more .
bought as a gift and the person has always loved this , so it was a no brainer got exactly when i was suppose to get too .
it's a good sponge but it falls apart after a few uses . don't expect it to last to long . not buying again !
it conditions nicely and has a great smell . once the horse has dried , the tangles don't come back right away .
this is a good idea to decorate the nails but some of them took off within a day . not bad though .
i use this for card making not nails . this came with a razor yeah . it was better than described . i love all the different patterns .
the pen color is really nice but it tends to be a lil messy and dries out quickyly . sometimes the polish comes out too much or not enough .
works how it should great price , and you get a pack of two it's a great tool for removing unwanted pimples
if you are looking for the best moisturizer , that feels natural not greasy , this should be your choice ! i love it !
i love these everyone be asking about my nails and what shop i went to and i smile and say amazon and i put them on myself lol .
mac better watch out ! i was shocked at how good this stuff was . its super creamy and it lasted all day . will buy again for sure !
i've smelled this product when it first came out and been addictive every since.love this smell - i've love all the latest smells by bcbg
this was the first matte nail polished i purchased and it does its job . will be purchasing another one later .
this bath pillow is just the right size . makes having a bath much more comfy . i like it very much .
nice quality . simple product . easy to use don't snag hair . please keep making these goody , even though they're a classic and not the latest trend .
my hair was always getting fuzzy curls . i ’ ve been using this stuff with the shampoo and the oil and it almost never gets fuzzy anymore .
my daughter in law is in malaysia and is finished with beauty school . this will be great for her work .
not a bad scent , but alittle goes a long way in my opinon . a scent best for spring / summer . very " lemony " .
disney is our favorite place to go , so when i seen these had to have them and im very pleased thanks
i like this alot . it matches with then cream i bought . i haven't used it a lot but when i do it gets the job done
i think it depends of each one , for me it wasn't effective at all . i didn't feel anything and i didn't see any change in my skin .
excelent . i friend has one , i love it and search in ebay , i bought and many designs were made with it .
nice for the price , a little thin and synthetic looking for my liking and you can see the track on top in some areas
keeps my make-up in place for a little while wbut then it starts to make me look cakey . maybe it's just my skin ?
absolutely love this lipstick , but i recommend getting the lip liner to go with it to make it look its best .
i like this concealer so far it does the job . the only dislike about the product is that i don't see a lot of product in it
i have been using this for a while . i dye my hair , and this helps it stay blond instead of turning blah .
i love this lipsticks they are really smooth and the quality is good for the cheap price and plan to get more ! ! !
this product has a wonderful smell and it works great . i will be back for more thanks for a great smelling tanning lotion .
not much - but the colors are just like the picture or even better ! i just did my nails with gold glitter and it looks amazing
this really makes a difference . i use it after a exfoliation and it makes your skin plump and vibrant . love it .
i ordered this because i love to work on my nails and i would recommend this if you do as well .
these soaps seem to have very good ingredients , and they last a good while with normal use . i will order them again .
it's a nice ; pretty clear pink for days where you just want to look fresh and clean with no fuss .
the style is different from many liquid eyeliner ! i find it cute , it's like a pen . definitely will purchase and try it out .
tended to break me out on my chin and along side my nose . i suggest getting the enhanced cream instead .
my favorite makeup i have .. i think don't use the pencil no more this is the best i really love it
i love these dotters . i use them all the time and they are easy to clean and work so good . very happy with them
this is one of my favorites ! i recommend it , the product came on their box ! it is great and very cheap !
love this lotion . had to buy it in big and small bottles for home and travel . a great year round lotion .
i've suffered from adult acne for about 10 yrs and tried this after reading a lot of positive reviews . didn't work for me .
gave me the results i was looking for , reasonably priced ! i highly suggest it for dry , over processed hair .
i first tried this about two months ago . i love it . cleanses without over drying . works well with my prescribed ery 1 % gel .
i bought this set for my 5yo granddaughter . she loves to have lip gloss in her purse , and i'm sure she'll enjoy these . good price too .
love this product i would definitely recommend works great and does what it's supposed to got here on time too
it does what it promises . it lifts and tightens . but it does not moisturize as much as i would like .
it's okay . not really any clumps , but not much length or volume on its own either . i wouldn't say it would be worth repurchasing .
this product is not all its raved up to be ! it flaked throughout the day onto the bottom of my eyes .
received in timely fashion . price is less than the store , item is the same .
it does the job and i have noticed that my eye shadow stay on throughout the entire day . pleased with the purchase .
i love this lotion it firms and makes my skin so soft always after a shower dont dry off just put it on and let your skin drinkit up
this was the too faced product that impressed me the most . it fills the fine lines and gives you a beautiful even surface to work on .
makes my face feel moisturized and very soft after washing it . would recommend if you're in need of a good moisturizer !
i can't stand the smell of it . i can't say its bad for i dont know how it is suppose to smell
these are perfect to swatch nail polishes and practice nail art ! they are also cheaper than you'll find them in a beauty supply store .
this is my second for the clarisonic .. much better than the olay spinner brush for face . no comparisonyour face will look younger .
i normally have pretty oily skin , but a long stay in the hospital resulted in a few dry spots . this eliminated them quickly without feeling greasy .
is a nice color , i just don't get usted to it but otherwise is nice and good quality and it small delicious
it lightened my marks and is very good ro the skin instead of buying the separate one i use this on my face . great .
it works great , i left it on for 1 - 2 mins and used a cuticle pusher and it just came right off ...
everything in this package works great , all of the color are beautiful , the toe separators work really good it's a great product
i love this set perfect sizes ! cute colors ! would order more.easy to handle easy to use , even with hands full or busy these work great ~
i use this with my clarisonic . i really like this product and think that it works better with the scrubber than without and i use a lot less .
i love this mask , its perfect for damaged hair . it also has a great smell ! i would highly recommend this mask .
super cheap , but i keep them around just in case i forget to put liner on
they are the perfect size , very smooth and soft , and well cut edges . love the little case ! they fit perfect in my pocket and purse !
not my type of scent , but does it's job to soften hair and making it healthy . recommend it to anyone of any age .
this product is great especially i think for older skin that is dry or sensitive . i will buy this again .
the colors of this rhinestones are so easy to combinatr with the nail art . it is a must have to make a nice flower of other nail art
does not work very well , but i guess you get what you pay for . i'll stick with oil of olay .
or other hard to reach places that tend to break out . it really works if you use it consistently after bathing
this cuticle remover is quick , gentle , dependable , and inexpensive . easy to use and always works - - i never use anything else .
the best for your hair hands down . i love it on my hair my husbad loves it on his haijr my whole family uses it !
i really like this color . looks formal and cute . doesnt need more than 2 coats to get the matter finish . like it
i absolutely love this scent . it's one of my favorites and for this price , it's a must have for me .
very neutral feeling on your skin . no burning . i have been using in corners of mouth to with the replenishing eye cream
like the easy of use and coverage you get with this product . no high perfumes and a little extra will cover up some blemishes .
i like this cream and think it is a decent moisturizer . but as far as results are concerned , i think it's too early to tell .
great smell bottles water and boil on stove and your house smells great . don't waste your monet on warner's though pot water and this oil works great
product came on time and was packaged nicely =) my mom uses this color she is very pleased with it . - it's definitely a brown black color .
love this blush so much . it is so easy to apply and long lasting . it is really pigmented and gives your cheeks a lovely glow .
this is a very fast dry for your nails . i use a gel on top of it and it saves so much time .
i would recommend them to anyone ! the buffing brush and the contour brush are my favorites . i have little use for the smallest brush yet .
this polish is very pretty but it's purple it looks more silver in the picture . it's a good thing i like purple or i'd be disappointed .
the smell of this is heavenly and our hands are squeaky clean . have it in every bathroom of our home .
a little rough for a buffing block but ok . i don't think i would reorder these just because they are not like the ones i usually buy .
it is waterproof , the wand is nice , color is fine even on a fair person , no clumping and comes off easily with remover .
this item works well but it does dry out ur hair a lot so got to condition more and with a really rich conditioner .
this color is very pretty and goes well with my fair complexion ! i would suggest this as an everyday wear to brighten up your face !
i have another imitations of beauty blender and beauty blender too , but this one is most alike of it . i like it
if you get a rash on your eyelid from loreal lineur intense liquid liner , then this is an almost perfect replacement .
very nice and has a clean touch . it's easier to spread than the regular product ( non oil-free ) . using it after shave .
i love this line of product from pm , it smells so nice and it feels tingly in the hair when you use it . nice tingly .
these don't perform as well as i would like ... they're good for travel because they aren't liquid , but don't clean up as well either .
the big ones are ok . , but they are plastic and not pearls at all and the small one are like dust they are stones , real joke
the viewer sent in picture must have been under light - - this polish is actually a deep navy blue . it's fantastic .
this belt is great when working on a set for weddings , videos , photo shoots and etc . great buy for make-up artist ! !
goregous , hawt , bold and sexyas the name depicts " soft matte red " it doesnt dry out your lips like some matte lipstick brandsits beautiful
i only bought these as an add-on . they really aren't very good , but they are inexpensive . so , it really is up to you .
loving it ! ! ! thanks =) easy to use and hold the image plates very well ! fast shipping with good value product ! will return to buy =)
got the plates for snoopy and superman image . the superman imag is great havent used the other ones yet but i dont see there being a prblem .
i loved the neutral shimmer of this color . it's one of my favorites . somewhat sheer but additional coats fix that .
the lovliest color or pink / pale lavender that i have ever seen ! so soft and feminine ! bought 4 bottles so that i will not run out !
i have owned this product for about 8 months now ; i really like it . both do what they are suppose to do .
i have had this annoying rash forever and this stuff did the job . it is great for cooling off a sunburn also .
bought this for granddaughter and as i said before she loves this nail polish good buy ! ! it is something that young girls like
i love it , this is my 2nd or 3rd time ordering this product . it's a little slow but works well .
lovely barrette for putting your hair 1/2 up . for heavy thick hair that's the best idea to use this 1/2 up 1/2 down .
these are a good price and quality and i would order them again . it was nice to have the color selection .
i love the clean , masculine but not too strong smell of this cologne . it has a hint of sweet but not overbearing .
i didn't see much improvement with use . i like how my skin felt after application and how my pores seemed smaller with use .
this is one of my favorite shades . it has been my default color during spring / summer of the last two years !
i use mascara everyday and love having these spoolies around which can help with clumping mascara or combing eyebrows . definitely recommend this product .
i bought this to try something new and i really enjoy the smell . it's light so i wear it to work a lot .
love the fact that it has a cover which helps me get it out of my cosmetic case safely without worrying about scraping along the blades .
i waited to review to make sure i liked it this is a good mascara . the wand is thin so that the mascara applies nicely without clumping .
this doesn't do anything but dry your skin . it's a waste of money . you can use water to get similar results .
love this product . but way to much money . found a cheaper version from hsi . will be buying that one next .
lots of variation and a good value for your money . plates are etched well . have had no problems picking up the images .
i like herbal essences shampoos they smell good leave hair clean soft and shiny for the price i cant complain
this perfume smells good smell is unique is a gift for my boyfriend and i really love how she is , this luxury perfume , i recommend boys !
beautiful color and it doesn't wear off like some cheap nail colors . it looks exactly how it is in the picture
i really like this , i do my nails a lot and can't be without a quick dry product . this is my favorite one i have used .
these are great for doing nails and doing different designs on them . there is a large variety and a good amount of tape
i've always loved dove soap , and this is a great smell and moisturizer . about the same as most body washes though .
just discovered the beauty of nail stamping and these plates have some lovely & cute designs . a must for any nail art enthusiast .
s by shakira is a nice scent . i get a compliment from someone everytime i wear it . not too heavy . recommended .
smells kinda like lemon and body odor . maybe its got musk in it . i hate anything musk . better off wearing lemon extract or something else alltogether .
this is exactly what i expected . i bought a couple to use as stocking stuffers and it worked just like i had hoped .
thank you ! ! is perfect , i just love it ! because looks so natural ! ! not to long not to short ! very nice wig !
these nail buffers are good quality and work great ! im glad i got 10 because i do my own nails and these will probably last me all year .
these are very sharp i think the will stay that way for a lot longer than other clippers the design is top notch
it is very hard to blend in to your skin . i have to add moisturizer to it in order to blend it in . will not buy again .
this gel peel was perfect . my husband said i look a lot younger after using the salicylic acid gel peel .
just as i expected love the color and great packaging five stars ! i will recommend my friends and i plan to make more purchases
i really like this serum , along with my long term product is helping grow my lashes beautifully . i am using for only one week and already seeing results.xo
i had something like this many many years ago and used it all the time . these are just foam covered wires and i dont like the way they bend
my husband gets a rash on his scalp ( bald ) and this helps to keep it under control . works as promised .
nothing special about it , my scalp breaks out every time i'm using it , had to go back to head & shoulders
i bought this for my wife and she loved . retinol correxion work's great . it is a very good product.thank you again .
my boys love this product , they said it really helps . make sure you follow the instructions and realize this is not an every day type shampoo .
these these dotting pens are great for my at-home manicures and pedicures ( i never go to a salon ) . they're great quality for such a low price !
great ! ! ! i recomended . xc xc xcx c xc xc xc xc xc mmc x c x c x c xm
amazing stuff ! love it ! i love my hair when i us this ! i have very frizzy hair and this is amazing !
if you like citrus type products , then you will like the grapefruit body butter . i just love both the texture and how it doesn't leave you greasy .
i have very dry mature skin and this cleanser made it even more drier ! scubbers are for pots not faces !
items were just as pictured and the product worked excellently on my nails ! will definitely purchase more in the future .
great color very dark plum and vampy and rich lookin would recommend to anyone who wants to purchase thanks again .
love the different shades of blue , i especially love the silver color . can't wait to use them all and try new designs .
pretty dang purple , if i say so myself b ) using this for a fefetasprite cosplayand this is perfect oh yes
i detangle first using the tangle tamer and use this to pick up the shedded hairs . love love love love !
i use this during the winter months when my facial skin needs more moisture . works great and is such a great deal here !
its a favorite color and the packaging was perfect . no damages and absolutely love the color and texture is not lumpy .
this color is true to description ! i only wear gelish & i am excited to see the new , trendy colors available !
i love the idea of making myself feel better . i'm a novice at applying , but have had many compliments & enjoy the various options & long wear .
you can pretty much only use each brush once . they work okay with that one use . some of the bristles fall out occasionally .
this works great . goes on easy with kabuki brush . it is light . you don't look weighed down with makeup . has great coverage
great palette , you can totally combine as necessary to get the perfect match . i can't wait to start using it on clients
i like the color but not sure i'd call it " intense " - it's a basic kohl type liner but i'd hoped it would be somewhat bolder .
this is a nice conditioner for regular daily use . with added oils , it's good for deep conditioning too . one of my faves .
i bought these and i love using these on my clients when i give them facials . they are great for the price and i plan on buying more .
love the moisturizing formula and the color . not a long-lasting lipstick , but a butter . it feels nice on the lips .
i have tried several different product with hyaluronic acid and they all do about the same as far as moisturizing my skin .
i have been looking for a color like this for a while . i have found it . pearly pink is a perfect description for this .
this color is perfect for me , and the quality of the lipstick is top notch . i will use this forever .
this works great for my sons hair which is curly and can sometimes be a bit crazy . it makes it very soft and managable .
heats up fast but does not curl and my hair curls easily with everything else . this product is a complete waste of money .
however it has a weird smell to it . it does hold well . i would purchase again . it was on 25 products that really work and it does
nice very lightweight , but boy oh boy is it effective in firming and filling those starting to sag areas on my 60 year old combination skin !
i use this and then use the leave in cream . i love all their products . i will definitely be getting more .
one item which was part of a large collection of burt's bee's product for a party basket ( perfect ) gift .
i have used these for several years and was delighted to find them so accessible . i like having the brush included .
these are great for practicing and trying out a design before putting it on my own nails . i would recommend .
reduced crows feet within 3 days . arizona kills my skin and day by day serum revives it like a pro . i love this stuff
this gel is a good , basic gel ; not stick or irritating to my skin and not visible or flaky on my hair . i would buy again .
i like the way my eyes feel when i put this on . price is good and it does work . don't hesitate to purchase .
i gave this as a gift and she says it works great for her . she says it has great coverage .
this is a good base color or a good color for someone who wants to go with a more natural look .
i've been using this for a while it's okay . i don't feel like it does much for my skin but everyone's skin is different .
love this product . smell is important for the all over body cream a sell.no smell and nice product . i will buy again ..
so worth the purchase , it makes your hair so shiny and smooth . it is not heavy and does not leave a residue .
just love the way my woman's hair feels after she used this shampoo . i would recommend it highly to anyone ..
i love it and would keep buying more . moisturizes , yet you hardly feel it on the skin . i can see the skin shine after application .
love this stunning shade of blue very sapphire like . perfect jewel tone for this season and the wonderful opi quality .
this is a fabulous palette for your brows . it lasts all day and night ! this has become one of my staple cosmetics and a must have !
this blush is the most amazing i've ever used .. it makes your cheeks look naturaly blushed , very good quality , long lasting
i use this product all the time . it makes such cute , tiny stripes . i would absolutely be willing to recommend this .
nice , very creamy in a nice shade ! i wish there was more color options in shade ranges for all concealers , like this one !
way larger than i had initially thought but they hold nicely . beats 3 $ for 60 pins any day ! as well as the quality is very good
my dermatologist recommended this product and it works wonderfully , doesn't irritate and goes on smoothly .
it's a very cute hair band . everybody makes compliments and it fits very nice for medium length wavy hair . i just love it !
black glue is so so awesome ! i'm in love with it . plus it has an easy applicator wand . will rebuy when i run out . recommend .
this product its really nice just like the picture shows , the only thing i did not like is that the color fades fast .
this product delivers ! very nice smell , i made my own hand salve with this and i love it . worth getting and using !
this eyeliner goes on very thin and it's more a light black color . i do not like it at all .
arrived cracked . has great color and pigmentation.not worth the hassle of returning for a new one its still a good product regardless of its damage
the color is amazing and it lasts for a fair amount of time considering the value of the product . i'm loving wet and wild products right now
its just a simple glitter nail polish with clear in it . its nothing fancy but it is not bad either
great eyelash curler , works well and comfortable to hold / use . comes with an extra replacement pad . i would purchase this again .
comes in a much bigger container than i was expecting . great value for the amount of product you get . thank you !
always leaves my hair feeling perfect ! makes it very soft and super shiny . never is it too much and it smells great too !
nice set of brushes for adult paint by numbers . the worst thing it took about a month to get them but worth it after i got them
for the price they're good . the # 3 brush has a slight bend that shouldn't be there , but hasn't affected use yet . happy with them .
the brush is very sturdy and easy on my sensitive hair , does not pull too much . a good item for the price .
i love these lashes because they look natural on me during the day and you can't tell i'm wearing any .
don't waste your time they are just crappy and cheap not menter to last they are pretty but not worth it
for the price , i was suprised at the thickness and quality . i am very happy with this and will buy another when i need to replace these .
good quality tea tree oil . i would recommend this product to anyone looking for a natural but effective way to reduce acne
a great price and great body oil , also is good to use on my austrailian shepard who has dry skin and scratches a lot , really great
what a big surprise this nail polish is , it really works for me . my nails look better and stronger and are growing . will purchase again .
bottle doesnt do this color justice . its a beautiful coral color ( looks red in bottle ) . perfect color for all summer long .
i like this color , but it is a little darker than what is pictured - more like a dark beige .
the containers are very small . they are just not enough glitter for the projects that i need it the glitter for .. cute but very small amounts
extremely long i thought it would be a much better quality .. the use is more for halloween or something to dress up with .
these really do work when used appropriately . within a matter of a month , i could see a huge difference . great product
great polish over dark colors . it adds an extra something.super fine pwder glitter in clear polish . it floats on nail .
nice color but pretty basic and looks like your typical hair coloring product . i would check out other henna products as i don't think this is totally natural
no need to mess with the best ! does the job perfectly every time . very black and very intense ! great and sexy lashes .
my daughter uses this for her colored hair . it keeps the hair from fading and makes the hair soft and smell good .
it pretty color but love other color in brand true to color planning to buy other colors dry quickly good price
great pastel . not too bright and not too pasty ! i wouldn't wear as one color on my nails but it's really great when used with nail designs .
these are beautiful nail art images , and very different from other stamping nail art brands . i recommend this product to nail art fans !
this one is gorgeous looking ! i can put up all my hair with only this one hair piece . very , very sturdy .
rhinestones are awesome and such a variety of different colors . have had no problem so far and they are beautiful
i am using it perhaps it takes time to show results . i expected to see dark circles to at least lighten .
i love these nail files - it works amazing and does not damage the nail - great quality and colors are fun .
i love this stuff . did not need it , the price was just better than what i have paid for in the past .
satsuma is a great scent for shower gel , as it's very refreshingand gets you going ! arrived well-packaged--no leaks or other problems.will purchase again ...
the color is exactly what i wanted . the quality is ok , but the color is what you see so yeap , works for me !
i ordered these to try new things with my nails , i have yet to try them , but i am very excited to do so .
works great with stamping ! it's a rainbow of nail polish my best holographic polish
this has a very clean and natural smell and does very well cleaning . it also did not leave my skin overly dry . i would definitely use again
be diligent about this cream and it will work . i bought it because the smell of cocoa butter made me nauseated and this smells amazing .
this is a specific product designed for a specific customer . if this is the type of product you use then it works well and is reasonably priced .
it did help to reduce the brass and redness , a bit . this was less effective than ardell's other product for reducing both red and gold tones .
these lipsticks are just what they say ... moisturizing ! and how can you beat twelve lipsticks at this price ? you just can't !
can't say this is any better than any other body cream . does have good ingredients . might buy it only for that reason .
love the scent of this product . i like all of mrs meyer's products and will buy again . it's a very gentle hand soap .
it leaves my hair shinny and not greasy at all . i absolutely love it ... oh and if you must know i have african american hair ..
not enough glitters in the bottle.it ' s better to use plain gliiters with top coat than this onei don't like the glitter itself in this bottle either
i absolutely love this color ! it is a great formula and goes on very easily . it is such a pretty color polish ! !
i highly recommend it to anyone 30 + age also follow some good clay mask to tighten up your pores . great . salon results at home
i loved these brushes , they're great and firm . works really good with my make up . i recommend this product ! ! !
if you needs a good suncreen , but this one . it keeps your skin moisturized and it wears great under make up too !
i love the clean feeling of my skin after washing with this soap , but was disappointed that peeling was very mild , not as great as papaya soap .
this hair mask is amazing ! ! my hair is always so soft and shiny after using it . love wella products !
don't use if you're very pale , even if you buy the lightest shade . you will be more orange than a pumpkin .
i mix this with my night cream . be mindful with the amount of drops used . the scent is harsh , but it works great on the skin .
moisturizing eye cream , skin around eyes feel great and hydrated . lightens areas underneath eyes . eyes look and feel refreshed all day .
it's okay . it smells good . i wouldn't buy it again though . it's not moisturizing enough for the dry climate in arizona .
you cannot beat the price . it is beautiful in person . came intact and as described ! love it . it shouldve bought more for gifts !
this mascara does make my lashes appear twice as long , but it gives them no volume . long lashes with no volume at their base looks rather funny !
this comes with a bigger brush and a smaller one , and the smaller one is so cute , and i share with my boyfriend .
bought it for my sister , and she loves it.she has thin hair and says that it gives volume and makes her hair gorgeous
it has never been used as i do not know what to do with it . i use nair for faces for my eyebrows , lip and peach fuzz .
this stuff almost completely messed up my skin , i started having pigmentation disorders after a week of this stuff , not good .
never had a problem with this tan accelerator . smells good and has 4x bronzer . always left my skin smelling good and soft .
love the all nighter makeup setting spray ! this stuff really works and i would highly recommend it to anyone wanting their makeup to stay on longer ! !
very good moisturizer . good color . does rub off some , so don't use white towels and you will not notice it .
smells really good . lots of pumps is needed so for this size it's gone pretty quick . would recommend but the larger size .
the best nail bar brushes ever ! they are so perfect . good clean lines no mistakes three different sizes the best
very fast shipping and well packed item . love the color and can not wait to apply .
great . seems to be keeping my hair a nice color ( not brassy ) , and i'm close to needing another highlight done ( 2 months ) .
again not happy with the application at this time . it is not as easy to brush on and avoid lumps
they are so tiny . the colors are all vibrant . these are perfect for nail designs . they came so early ! also a wonderful price .
fast shipping , well packaged . i love these plates very nice designs , protective backing , design transfers easly will buy more . 5 stars for sure !
thanks to this amazing product , i now have the perfect lashes without having to worry about them falling off when i use the lash curler .
it's really nice on the eye but the brush quality isn't good it feels too much like plastic , not nice at all to do your make up .
you cannot go wrong with gel nail polish . i use this every single day . one coat is light and two coats are very pink .
completely ineffective for stamping . a total waste of money . stamped designs on black or green are not even visible with this product .
love this holiday themed & scented nail polish , can't wait to wear it for the seasons to come ! arrived quickly , well packed & as described .
the cutest compact on the market . vibrant colors ! and durable i've dropped it like 3 times since i've bought it and the shadow have broken yet .
i use this in conjunction with alpha hydroxy treatment . it feels smooth going on . i would recommend this to anyone using alpha hydroxy treatments .
nice lather , washes off clean . and yes it is unscented but unlike some other products this is very pleasing to my nose .
just started taking them , so , no idea if they work or not on improving hair , skin & nails . but they are very delicious !
this was such a nice color and last a really long time i wore for about a week and no chips also the pigmentation was great
this palette has soo many colors to choose from . my new favorite eyeshadow pallette ! shanny never disappoints , i have make up brushes by them too . fantastic
this was an absolute treat ! all the colors of the winter 2013 collection were gorgeous.such a welcome treat to get the whole collection at an unbeatable price !
lightweight , fragrance free , and moisturizes very well . great night time moisturizer or as a moisturizer before applying make-up ; and it's organic .
this is a great white for french tip ! it is opaque with 2 coats . always comes in brand new condition and applies great !
love this it really does shape your eye brow . love this product can not leave my house with out it .
i have not used this color on me yet but i really think it will turn out great it is a nice color
i got must of the sizes .. missing some of then .. size 4 and 7 .. other then that is okhope you get this right
it is a good product . keeps lashes on all day . peels off easily when ready to remove . i found this item cheaper at local dollar store .
you can track your package from the moment it's shipped , i received mine in 3 days on standard shipping . would buy again . great service
until recently i had no idea there was clear lip liner ! i am so glad i bought this ! it works great and is a great price
i have olive skin ( indian descent ) and this product barely shows up . i tossed it after trying to get some use out of it .
i love this product but i really didnt use this as much as i should have because i always forgot i had it .
this was okay . this could be due to me not understanding how to utilize it but it definitely is light weight and very sticky .
too small for longer hair . it does well with absorbing excess water , but needs to be a bit larger to fully do the job .
i have used about everything on the market and still come back to this . all of the olay total effect 7 is great .
these are the cutest little pearl beads , it comes in a variety of sizes . i would definitely recommend them and will be buying them again .
these are really pretty and are unique to add to a nail to decorate . perfect for resin jewelry making too !
i like this product <3 it doesn't work over night but it definitely does what it's suppose to do . give it a try .
good quality item and it arrived quickly . is exactly as pictured . would buy again . it is most helpful with loose blackheads and large whiteheads .
best mousse out there ! works great on long thick hair . clean light scent will not combat your other products .
excellent oil that mimics your skin's own natural lipids . reasonable price for such a large bottle . i can highly recommend .
doesn't even expand when water is absorbed , nor does it blend properly . its good for a dyer one time thing i guess .
would not buy again . not for me . i love her fancy love , which is my favorite one from her . not for me .
eh these are ok i just wish the little bristle wasb broken when i got it and that they were a little thinner
i have done so many different designs with this already . love this item and would recommend to anyone ! pinterest is all i can say haha .
great price they work great the first application they are kinda dry but the next time blend perfectly . ive used two so far .
i'm not convinced this product actually firmed my skin , but it definitely seems to have improved my complexion and left my skin looking younger .
the wig is very flimsy . not only does it shed terribley but the color is bright red not " wine red " as described . its barely curly .
i love this product . it's a great way to add a creative twist to your hair whether it be in bold ways or not . very versatile .
this makes old nail polish come back to life . i am glad to have found it and i highly recommend ,
nothing better than to have a supply of these for nail work love it all my customer love it too thank you
they have sturdy handles , and tiny smooth brushes ; you can do salon quality nail painting with them . shipping took a long time .
always the best self tanner for smell ... it does seem to wash off almost completely though . i hope they have'nt changed the formula
this is one of my favorites ... i have worn it quite a few times ... love it ! ! ! i will recommend it to all ...
i love this compared to other lotions because it smells like bubblegum . i use this lotion in addition to a bronzer and i see great results with the two
headline says it all . doesn't even work . i've used it on my sister and me , leaves the hair dry and brittle . ugh
this brush was much smaller than i had expected , but the wooden bristles feel very nice on my scalp and are great at detangling .
these came in faster then i expected and they are everything i expected . good quality , good color white , just everything is perfect .
so refreshing , pefect . i use it every morning and sometimes at night to refresh and hydrate my skin and put argan oil on over it . pefect .
super fast shipping on this product and i love it on my natural hair . i will definitely be buying it again .
love bare minerals as it looks so very natural ! i would recommend it to anyone who wanted a natural look ! easy to use , too !
this is a must , makes you face feel great ! who doesn't like a clean face ? removes all the excess dirt after washing , wonderful !
expensive for the size . expected more quantity . didn't send it back . too much trouble . wouldn't order the same product again .
this thing doesn't work at all . it doesn't hold my hair tight enough . it just falls out . and i have very thick hair .
the selection you get with these is just amazing ! 25 pieces for such a small price ! i would spend hundreds trying to duplicate these plates individually !
recommend it doesn't make my face oily like a lot of lotions on the market . built in spf is awesome also.try it
good color , it's good for spring and summer , but it's more of a hot pink with flecks of blue . beautiful shade and overall great polish .
still using it till this day and it works great on anyone face free oil and as described yeah h
a good cleansing oil to use to remove all traces of makeup before you do your final face wash . price was reasonable and lasts a decent time
i haven't used it as yet but i love d variety in colour and will be using it soon ... so far i don't regret my purchase
love these . great and quick shipping . so many wonderful colors to choose from and a great addition to my nail art supply for a good price
i would recommend this soap to every body with dry skin . i use it for my shower , i will buy it again .
this pillowcase is very soft and does not stain . it also dries quickly after a wash even if you hang dry it .
i guess i neglected to read the details i didn't know it was a mini straight iron but its good for portable purposes
i would definitely recommend this to anyone with skin problems . it takes the itch away and leaves my skin feeling calm .
i love this conditioner . it really works . patience is required though because you might have to use more than once to see a difference .
good product here and not to bad of a price i use it occasionally when i do my make up no issues here
this mascara is ok but the lashblast by covergirl is better , it was fun to try out but i would save your money and stick to the classic .
i really like this i was just playing around with nails now i will need to order more becasue i have used them more than i thought i would
made my hair impossible , split ends , not soft , not shiny , made me hair feel like straw , it dried out my hair a lot !
the perfect fall green ! super dark but not so much that you can't even tell that it's green .. and the formula's awesome ! !
these work great for picking up rhinestones and doing nail art work . also work great for scrapbooking ! glad i got them !
i'm on my second order of these products . works great and leaves your skin irresistibly soft and smooth . you won't be disappointed .
i like ordering via amazon cuz i never remember to pick them up . i also like specific pads . expensive but worth it
these razors are amazing ! the hydro silk conditioner didn't last very long , but the razors themselves are still wonderful ! would definitely recommend to a friend .
works well as a bug repellent , i even used it to make my own homemade bug repellent for the dog
if you have acne .. get proactiv . def worth it but it did take like 10 days to receive . try it !
i've used this product several times already in my bath . it works wonders . i plan on buying more when this jar runs out .
this stuff works wonders . great for athletes foot , rash under the breasts of my grandmother . it does what it says and is very fairly priced .
a great size of glitter it's lovely . it's chunkier pieces than a more misty glitter , great for a french tip or all over a neutral color .
i love this product and have been using it daily . it absorbs quickly and leaves my skin feeling very smooth .
my cheek hurt when i use it , although i really like the smell.but maybe that's because i have sensitive skin .
i have worn this for years . it is one on my favorite perfumes . i find the scent intoxicating , romantic and sensual .
spells great no tears perfect and detangles may work to reset hair if it's curly spray to reset bed head
can't wait to start having lots of fun creating some sparkly nail art . love all the different shapes and sizes !
i have 2 of these , works great with or without foundation . i will reorder once my supply has been depleted .
leaves my face feeling fresh and clean , no oily film , no burning sting . the smooth side it great for makeup around your eyes .
perfect for soaking nails with shellac polish ; sturdy , does tip over . beware , delivery may take a while ; mine took a month .
like all the bulgari colognes this one is priced high enough to give you a nosebleed . but it does not smell as good as the bulgari original
i can't imagine doing my skincare routine in the morning without using this powder . i love having that barrier on my skin with this antioxidant powder .
pastel color , like the photo . i like it very much , didn't wear it yet , but will soon certainly in association with white dots ...
this product was purchased to mix with some other powders to make the right shade of loose powder . it works well .
no musk or patullli smell . it is a powder soft , feminine smelling classic perfume . i simply like the smell of chantilly .
smells good and easy to shred . used it to make my own laundry soap . worked great and smelled great . price is good as well .
this was a gift and the price was wonderful compared to the beauty stores . i will shop here again ! ! don't miss this !
my go to for dry shampoo . works great , smell is nice and no residual on the hair either . this is my favorite .
these pins are firm and don't bend much when used properly . i used it to make a sew in wig and they held up nicely .
really like this face wash . i don't see any acne going away but i will continue using it and hope it really works .
is what it is . thick sturdy plastic . got it quick . holds the wig right and snaps / locks in place . good .
this holds alot and the testers are great . the only probleme for me is the clear walls and that is just a personal preference
love the scent its strong and last a good while . used it in my homemade foot scrub will be buying more sents
use it morning and night and it leaves the skin feeling clean and soft . you can put your makeup on over it with no residue .
not the best quality tips , they will work for what i need them for but they are not very thick . over all they are a good price
also good price . this was my mother's favorite . very light texture , smooths on easily , not greasy feel . i like it .
if you have silver hair this will make it look like it is a drab dark gray . it is not good in the least !
i had high hopes for this scrub since it had such great reviews , but i have used better . i don't feel like it exfoliates very well .
very well made product . has lots of pigment and color holds true all day . i could've spent twice more and not been any happier . will re-order .
typical opi polish and very pretty spring color . the color is light and bright . no sparkle , but goes well with sprakle topcoats .
these had great color , lots of variety , glad i bought them . got them to do nails with and i just love them .
it has a good consistency and covers well . you may need two coats though . it also started chipping the next day after i put it on .
after trying a ton of other white polishes to stamp with , this polish is the top of the line for image stamping on to base colored nails .
i love the colors with this set . the black has little silver circles in it and the green has little hearts . can't wait to use them all
i have dull , colortreated hair and thia system has helped ro make my hair soft , shiny , and managable . receiving compliments on the shiny hair .
it's almost like touching your own hair . what you see is what you get , a really high quality wig . would highly recommend
i bought this as a birthday present , so did not try the product personally , but the assortment provided was nice .
i have a lot of eyeliners and this is by far my favorite ! it doesn't smudge and goes on very smoothly and i love it :)
it's gentle on sensitive skin . it leaves my skin feeling soft and nice smelling . one of my favorite soaps of all time .
i happen to like this shower gel and will continue to purchase it on a regular basis . it is very emollient and smells good too .
this pencil has a orange tint to it , it's terrible .. it melts right off your face after about 2 hours .. i recommend brow powders instead .
it sucks up the toner enough so the pad doesn't get watery and when using it , it doesn't have a harsh feel or anything .
this is a conditioner that works well and controls static , which is a problem that isn't easy to deal with if you know what i mean .
these are so great when doing one's own nails ! i don't have to worry about knocking my nail polish over especially when the cover is off .
it's been only three weeks since i started using this product , but i would say it's a good complement to your skin care products .
i really like this perfume it has a really great sweet smell to it and the price is really great for the size .
it didn't do anything for my natural thick hair nor it relieved the itch from my scalp .
john frieda indeed is a source for good quality haircare products . however , i did not notice any effect on my hair colour when i used this product .
very pretty pink color . i used this over ibd builder gel and used gelish top coat it turned out really nice and lasted 2 weeks with no issues .
my pictures are much more attractive and my skin is getting better . i will repurchase this again . i see why it cost so much .
obviously not the highest quality , but they do not fall apart or shed relentlessly and they hold make-up well.for the cost , they are surprisingly good brushes .
i wanted to like this but the makeup seems to almost crumble when you try to put it on . nice colors maybe i just go a dud .
love this brush , and it's definitively a must . makes the countering step very easy and looks natural . love sigma brushes .
love these and they are more expensive in the stores . look at the prices in any other store you choose .
this was another product i found out about on youtube and i use it everyday on my hair , face and daughter's hair .
i swear by this stuff . thank you god ! haha . seriously though , whoever made this stufff is god sent . it works wonders
well engraved some cute designs they seem to stamp wellwould recommendwords words words words who is so wordy
it just didn't sink into my skin and seemed like it mixed with my foundation when i put it on top.not pleased .
this product is not what it claims to be , didnt do much for me and sits unused currently on the shelf
i was able to easily remove full make-up with one wipe , in a matter of seconds . the wipes are not at all irritating and are extremely effective .
great clips , i use them to section my hair when detangling and styling , they are not flimsy and cheap . good quality
lovvvveee it , be careful , i suggest applying with a light hand , then build . lol does stain a little , very very lovely .
i love these shears ! the best pair i've ever owned . they cut hair precisely and are very sharp . great product !
some of them are unusable . not very many , about five in each color . other than that , they suit the need i ordered for just fine .
super tiny , super cute . these are hard to make out ... because of their size . super cute tho . great for nails . will order again .
i like this sunscreen . the only small issue is that you really need to rub it in . otherwise , you will look like a ghost .
i think that it is a good moisturizer , but i really don't like the smell at all . i should look for an unscented product .
all great , i was happy with the item and what i paid for it . no regrets . i would recommend to others . 10
came by the date it said , dries fast and a perfect giftthe smell is a bit too strong however
i needed a good brush and am very happy with this one . it's quite and has a cool setting , to set the curl .
nice color . not much else to write on this one . nnn nn nn nn nn n n nn nn nn
awesome product gives the great amount of heat with my blowdryer i have no bad news for this product its wonderfull and gets the job done ! ! !
i will purchase it again ... i like this product .. my sister also like it .. one of the good i ever tried .. love it :)
i gave this body wash four out of five stars because it doesn't smell as good as the deoderant does .
this product is awesome for the price . it scrubs into the skin nicely and afer a few seconds your face feels amazing .
when i received this hair clip i was speechless that is how gorgeous it is i am happy to have it and the price was cheap thank you
l can see the differents in the look there more straight and l dont struggle to put my lashes on this is a must item
i bought this product because the packaging is adorable , but it smells great and works very well . i will definitely order this again in the future .
glides on your lips and lasts forever - i got so many compliments when i wear this shade - the perfect subtle red .
works great ! i've read others have had less than stellar experiences but their skin must be made of leather . just be careful and you'll love the results .
this shampoo my fiancee bought , she she's it smell great , but doesn't leave her hair feeling clean like other shampoos do .
my sister said the bb cream covered her black spots pretty good compared to all her previous foundations and concealers .
super adorable and it ddoesn't hurt your head by squeezing at all ~ i wear it every chance i can get ! definitely recommend this !
the scent is amazing but natural and it cleans deeply without removing the moisture from your skin . i really love this soap and will be buying it again .
this is an autumnal color for me . i wear it with black and gray . goes on easily but does require 3 coats .
brushes are better than i expected . yes i would recommend . they are super soft--so go lightly when dipping into high pigment palettes .
really good one , if you don't want to have a redness on your hair , just buy it and get some glamorous look .
these are good for beginners or non professional nail artist . they can also be used for any other craft projects .
i bought this because i wanted a simple look . it looks great on my fair skin . i have blonde hair and blue eyes .
bf did not like smell and the bright blue color was off-putting . who wants to put chemical dyes of electric blue into their hair ? ?
the thing that makes this good is the high spf 30 . otherwise i think its about the same as anyother face cream .
i love the necklace . its beautiful ánd sparkles . its worth more than the price . good buy , great price
makes blow drying so much easier . i love it . recommend it . get it . won't regret it . great bang for buck
this soap is very gentle on the soap ; the skin feels moistureized and soft after using it . its smells great too !
this has so many rhinestones in it that i will never run out . i love the dotting tools and the tweezers for detailed easier placement of bling .
i love this color , it is great for the fall . it goes on smoothly and evenly and doesnt chip for more than a week . love it !
love irish spring ! this is a great body wash , does a great job getting you clean and smells wonderful on top of that !
i love it . very useful after applying mascara . i use it to separate my lashes . the brush is good for brows too . good quality construction .
i have alot of highend brushes and these are just as good i love these there so soft you will not even want too by anymore brushes ,
i have restored not only my seche vite , but also many bottles of polish that i thought were gone for good . great stuff !
didn't pay attention to the ounces - they're huge ! very helpful for my mom's extra dry skin during her chemo treatments .
my girlfriends and i ordered one each . the pigmentation is awesome and the color choice is perfect ! i really suggest checking these out !
i absolutely love these combs--there not cheap plastic like some of them sold at the store--and flexible enough for hair .
i love the product . i ordered another one for my sister . she will be so happy when she finds out :)
they're gorgeous bows , i adore them . would buy more bc that's how much i love them , i actually got 46 instead of 45 so that's pretty cool
this is a great product for adults , it just works gently and effective on adult skin . this really clean up your breakouts like no other
love this product ! ! ! i've done hair for years i now recomend this to all my clients . no sulfates leaves hair soft and healthy .
the plastic from the handles of the brushes melt when they get the chemicals on them . overal it just came apart
do its job . hair feel moisturized and smooth . i would recommend it to anyone has long hair . s s s
this is very tiny , should not be called a makeup train case , but a small jewelry box ... this thing cannot hold anything much !
this is a real good buy . i love the colors and adore how generous kleancolor is . i will buy again when i run out .
smells great has a light creamy texture and appears to be working just fine . its a great price as an add on
this cleanser feels like a conditioner . it's thick and creamy but not too sudsy . it works well with the rest of the straight finish line .
if you have gel , acrylic , or gel polish nails , this is a must buy ! long lasting shine and great seal !
great product . these are such pretty and soft makeup brushes . i really like them this is as described in the description .
this one is a very light pink , use it with cream puff for french manicure . use it alone for an almost bare look .
cleans well , almost too well . leaves hair feeling very dry , like all of the natural oils were stripped .
this keeps my skin moisturized because it is very thick and smells good . it didn't really help my stretch mark but that's probably because i wasn't consistent with it
i love this little thing ! for the price it work great ! makes you feel like you are in a spa .
this purple is a lot darker then i imagined , not sure exactly what i was thinking . but , its still beautiful .
it's a mirror . one side magnifies , the other is normal . it functions as it should , what else is there to say ?
our faces are not manikins , we cant just plaster over wrinkles and expect them not to show ! collagen on sensitive skin also causes breakouts .
my skin looks amazing after using this product . won't ever go back after using this product and it is so simple .
i like this product , not too sticky but holds very well . it seems to last forever which makes it a good value in my opinion .
this color is true to monitor color and wears well . only complaint was that it was back ordered for an extended period of time when i ordered .
it came off my head really easily , and pulls out a lot of hair with it . though it is very pretty
this color matched my silver shoes perfectly . wore it throughout the holiday season . people commented how great it looked peeping through silver shoes .
these tools are professional grade , i would recommend these to anyone needing them . they are also really affordable . this is a good choice .
this stuff leaves your hair a muddy cruddy color , it is a horrible formula , you are better off not dying your hair at all !
works ok on my fine , wavy , frizzy hair . however , for the price it isn't that much better than lower priced products .
i bought this and these are great but unfortunately i spotted a full size bag in walmart for only $ 1.88 and hands down it beats this price .
this product is very pigmentated , but it doesn't go well with my pale skin tone so i don't really care for it
this is an excellent pearly pink color ! i looks good on all different types of skin tones . it's a great addition to any collection !
it made my hair super soft and it smells really good . it actually made my ends look less broken then before .
exactly what i wanted and what i had ordered . my daughter and her friends just love girls night at sleepovers .
i have been using this for years and i would never go to anything else ! ! it works and it is awesome
my brush separates into 3 different sections & doesn't keep it's fan shape when i use it to apply an acid peel solution .
i love this nail polish . the color is absolutely gorgeous and stays on very long . it doesn't chip easily and looks really beautiful on your nails .
much nicer in person . totally worth it . it's cute and pretty and i know who i bought this for will absolutely love it !
this product didn't last me very long so i eventually bit the bullet and bought a pricer alternative which i am very happy with .
love this hot tools 1 1/2 " gold curling iron . has an adjustment heat that works perfectly for any hair type .
i've tried many products and i like the roc as its easy on the eyes and i think it slows down the aging process .
well , this can be use as advertise or sinus inhaler . it's work great which can easily help to remove black head and deep clean .
great for the price ! a salon would charge $ 5 + for each nail ! looks great on just one nail or all 10 .
much thinner than expected . does not stay on nail without alot of top coat . selection could have been broader . too mny similar colors .
don't buy these.it ' s a waste of money , i wish i would have listened to the bad reviews.really bad quality .
first time day i got them i used them and i love them as soon as i need some more im going to place another order
these blocks are a bit smaller than what you can buy at sally's but they are almost exactly the same grade of sanding . free shipping too .
love this nail brush set.use on my friends and family and even myself.works great.great price and i will diff . buy another set :)
next to the old pantene , this is the best for removing residue and oil and grease from the scalp . recommend highly
there are ok but small . i prefer the larger quilted cotton rounds . but as long as the pads are 100 % cotton they are recommended .
beautiful creamy pencil . largely use for a base but can be used on their own . milk is great for your water line making your eye look larger .
they have replaced cvs , the price was right the delivery was quick and the shade was right . what more can i say ? love it .
i am older and use all avani products . they make ones face appear youthful . this toner is a great cleanser !
makes even older / highly used hair pieces spring back to life ! gets rid of the dull frizzy look that happens after continuous wear .
love all the full images . some very unique . im glad this set didnt have a bunch of french tip images like other sets .
this olay regenerist regenerating serum moisturizer 1.7 fl oz is a cheap good moisturizer , so you can use it every day .
the person that uses this item " almay oil-free eye makeup remover pads , 80 pads " says that it works quit well and without a lot of mess .
just a so-so product . maybe i was expecting more shine from the conditioner and got nothing exceptional for an exceptional price .
i bike every day , so this is a great non-greasy way of getting some sun screen , and a mositurizer in one application
i have always been leary of ordering make-up online . but i am very pleased with this line of make-up ... i will order this line again ...
i love to wash my hand , so cucumber is my farvite , i using it all the time , clear and nice
i really love this adhesive its dar so you eyelashes look better and you can not see the glue ! ! !
this is a great product - moisturizer that goes on easy and absorbs quickly . no sticky or filmy feeling . moisturizes well .
they are ok nails but if you use acetone on them they melt ... so yeah they need to put that in their ads
love love love this . best mascara i ever used . does not clump or feel heavy on eyes . highly recommended . the end
i wear for her which is awesome so got this for my husband ... it smells soooo good ! ! ! very sexy and he gets alot of compliments !
its very black and gives your lashes great length volume and curl . it does give your eyes a more doll like appearance .
bought this for my brothers wedding . perfect color . sets well and matches the dress . more green than blue . love it
best brush you could use for mineral or loose makeup , brissels are soft and don't shed . need a sigma store in the phoenix area .
i bought this to have two when the other is in the wash . i love these masks , comfortable and satin so it doesn't add to your wrinkles .
this thing is really easy to use and works well . i would recommend it to anyone looking for a facial hydration system .
leaves hair feeling soft and manageable . i used it on permed hair and there are no frizzes and he smell is lovely !
the product prints clearly , arrived on time . i love the fact that i get more images than just kitty ; there's other characters to mix and match .
i wash my hands frequently and wanted something that did not irritate my hands . this works great and has a pleasant scent also . will purchase again .
this is great for the morning after those long nights or when your eyes need a pick me up . would buy again .
came a day early . hard to find this stuff where i live . warms up really nice and smells good and the little beads are great .
the price is great for these and so far they have worked well for me . i would recommend them to others .
i can't believe it works so well ! not artificial smell , and the clothes are very soft . definitely will keep purchasing this item .
fantastic conditioner . love the feel and smell . i have the matching shampoo and deep conditioning balm ( the balm is the best ) !
very thin and not as long as the photos :( after waiting over a month to receive this week i was very disappointed with the quality and length .
i bought this to take off shellac , which is a pain in the butt . it worked really well . it didnt take very long at all .
my young daughter could not believe what i paid for 20 pairs . she loves them and the quality is not bad
great stuff , i use it all the time and it has not made me break out , which is nice ! worth the money for sure .
my hair looks , feels and smells great when i use this on days i don't shampoo ! even my husband commented on how great my hair looked !
it's a kent . it's handmade so that means it's durable . a fine and necessary addition to anyone's grooming kit . buy it ! got it ?
like tha picture but the mascara its bad , i hate it ( el rimel no funciona bien , no suben las pestañas con el muy desepcionada )
i love this top coat it works super well on my nails and lasts a long time for a heavy nail and hand user .
as claimed , nice duo , would purchase again , love the pod it comes in and i use the black for liner
my problem may be different , this didn't help me much , it did work for my cousin and her mother though ...
best matifier you can buy . this is the best stuff around . worth the extra money . lasts a very long time . i recommend this particular product
very nice set a must have for your little home salon :) very easy to clean and handy
i don't like them i don't even use it at all . i wish i never got them at all and save myself of having in my makeup it
i actually got two in the shipment which i wasn't expecting . i got this for cutting my wigs and it works well .
this shany uv gel light nail dryer is exactly what you need for gel nail polish and shany has a great selection of those !
this product works great on sensitive skin ! a nice creamy , thick lotion for winter ! we will definitely be purchasing this again !
it's extremely noir and stays on all day . doesn't break / flake and looks like liquid linerand goes on almost just as easily .
shippment past due however it's okay i can wait what else can i say i am not in a hurry for q-tips of any type
this is really good for smoothing skin and decreasing wrinkles , does not take them away but sure does help ! ! love it will purchase again !
this is a great moisturizer with spf . for years i bought it directly from my dermatologist's office and grossly overpaid until i found it here .
polish stays on longer than with a regular base coat , and it seems to smooth out the ridges in my nails , too .
not happy at all glad it got here fast but this are not the open tips i wanted or thought i would get .
love the smell but it's basically a very mild conditioner . so if you want something very light , this is your product .
love the product but it's the wrong color . i purchased ebony when i should have gotten dark brown or chocolate . should've swatched before ordering online .
it heats quickly . i am now still learning how to use it to make a hair style because i am the first time user .
i buy and wear to pair for a natural look look real will buy more of these they look very natual
received the item very fast but i am sorry when i tried to use it , not very useful ..
this is my favorite nail polish . the color is a very deep , dark burgundy . the color lasts better than other nail polishes i have used .
i love this ! it is so easy to put in and take out . i may have to find more just like this !
works just like you expect . the plastic is soft , but durable and they are easy to clean . what else can you say ?
it's okay ; but makes my face too oily to use so i use it on my chest & prefer tns essential for my face .
this is a quality hairbrush at a reasonable price . it works well on my medium thick hair . highly recommend this .
this is a beautiful wig and the color is fantastic . i think it is very real looking - looks like healthy , natural hair .
makes my hair feel soft and looks healthier . :) and it really helps with frizz . ive bought bed head for year and wont go back to anything else
it works ! although it is kind of awkward positioning it does the trick for the price . be sure to use distilled water though !
i did not like this product , it did not cover well and it settled in lines , i just didn't like the way it went on .
i've tried many body washes . i continue to come back to dial . you feel fresh and clean without any heavy fragrance .
it is a good staff , it is not too tight but ok , and i use it when i curling my hair , and it is pretty useful .
i tried this longer than i would usually try something like this and it just didn't work . nothing at all .
i have horrible hair , thin but curly and easy gets frizzy . this hydrates and keeps it manageable.plus i love the smell .
you can use these for really great designs and its quick ! i like to use them when i'm short on time for easy yet pretty nails !
we use it to lock in the moisture for our african sons hair . it works very well and has a nice smell to it .
i haven't had this item that long to see results , but i will continue to use it . i'm excited to see the end results
is very easy to put and use not greasy at all , the color this havefit so good in my skin , no smells , come on time
this product actually works it looks flimsy but it does work on any type of nails ... so if you want it get it !
it came in the eyeshadows are a bit small so not for alot of use on each , but also 2 of the colors had broken during shipping . :(
this color looks fantastic and true to bottle color as shown . it dries quick and lasts much longer then other brands .
it took a while for them to come in but once they got here pretty excited to start working with them . very cute designs
light is not bright enough . it's so small ! battery ran out fast ! tossed it and got new one brighter and bigger is conair .
this is a relatively new product from a tried and true company long involved in natural medicines . it works well , as does their nutribiotic liquid .
love this face wash takes all my makeup off and doesn't burn my eyes , i love how it foams for a great clean feeling
i am a big fan of cnd shellac products . they cover and wear nicely and the manicure will last a minimum of 2 weeks without chipping or peeling .
i love avon glimmersticks eyeliner . it's easy to apply , looks good , and it's not too expensive . it's great to get this from amazon too !
the polish came on time in the mail it is beautiful on your nails . i recommend this polish to everybody i love china glaze product
love them ! thanks ! the butterflies are so cute ! i am excited to use these . i have lots of ideas already .
i received this item today and took one pill . it was like drinking 2 pots of coffee ! i was all over the place . it's pretty strong .
i love the smell of this perfume is lajet the nice smell stays on for 24hrs and great price and size <3
i think it's great . i was expecting it to be a little bit more powerful to get straight hair faster , but it's still very good .
love , love , love these dotting tools . so easy to use and the marble coloring on the handles is pretty . very pleased ! ! !
bristles are soft and don't fall out while i'm putting on foundation . i love this brush . plan on buying more in the future .
a nice more or less natural alternative but the smell is too strong for my liking . i prefer primal pit paste - my holy grail deodorant .
just right.not overwhelmingly black and not colorfully glittery . perfect for everyday , no matter what ! i never go without it .
not rusting , still using them , have not sharpen it or anything . have this for a couple of years , i do my own nails .
love this cap so much . my hair is long and thick and finally i found the right shower cap to hold my hair all together inside .
i love the smell of this soap . works great and smells great . and the price is right ... especially on subscribe and save .
this sponge is very gentle and it saves a lot of soap . i would buy this sponge for friends as a gift .
love this ! it's a beautiful teal color and doesn't chip easily . i would definitely recommend to anyone that likes bright colors
pid wrinkle repair is a true and great name for this product . i love it and yes , i recommend it ! ! !
very red and liquidy doesn't really work as a primer because it's so dark that it shows thro any foundation . i wouldn't buy again .
i suggest buying more than one product from this series ... great product but works extremely well when in conjunction with shampoo and conditioner and moisturizer ...
i ordered these for my sister and she loves them ! she uses them all the time and brags about how much she likes them .
easy to use brushes . i drew feathers and flowers with mine . they did not clean easily but other than that i recomend .
this polish is very sheer ... needs a few coats ... will be able to use it for my french manicures but i wouldn't use it on it's own
i bought this product because i saw in internet people saying good comments about this product and really it's so good ! it covered all my eyebrow perfectly .
these brushes are amazing ! i want them all in every single shape and style . cant get enough ! you neeeeed these in your life ! ! !
great eye liner for lower lash line . it came with 2 ! the blender brush is really really hard tho so be careful .
this stuff smells amazing ! i am in a very dry desert environment and this stuff keeps my hands hydrated . my hands are addicted to this .
this is a fun and cute shower cap that works well with long hair . dries quickly and does the job well !
the curl formers are in good condition and shipped very quickly , they were easy to put in and are comfortable , and they work really well .
the best for over-processed , and / or damaged hair . keeps it nice and smooth and no frizzies . my hair has never been in such good condition !
ardell 110 are great for those with shorter lashes wanting a bit more extra . these won't look all spidery and overdramatic . good quality lashes .
this is a perfect scent to wear around the holidays . yummy ginger pumpkin cookies - perfectly sweet with a hint of spiciness .
this is not as good as the natto mask or the black pearl one , it does smell nice but i recommend trying one of the others first
love it as a great moisturizer ! doesn't break out my face at all ! would recommend this moisturizer to anyone with sensitive and problematic skin !
really does the job , and it's definitely my favorite toner out there , i would repurchase in a heart beat , no question .
this is the only dry shampoo , in my opinion . don't bother with any other brand . excellent service , will buy again !
i was not a big fan of this after tanning lotion , but my daughter loves it and uses it all the time
best gel i ever used . lightweight drys fast too . very nice smell to it and holds up the the whole day .
i bought this a few days ago and wanted to try something light on my skin . it doesn't provide enough coverage and doesn't last long .
jh hbkhb khbk hbjh bkj bib jh bib jh bib khb khb khbk hbj hbkhb kh bkj bi hbj bkj b
love this for dresses / shirts that are too low neck . i also use it for wrap dresses to secure the wrap top .
my hair is thick and these did the job in holding my hair in place . i really like them . nice ! ! !
this cream is light and goes on smoothly . i has a pleasing scent , and lasts all day . applied best after the tober .
the tester works wonders . you don't have to put too much on and it keeps you from spilling it all over .
the person who received this was very happy and i would buy again she said that it was really easy to use .. thanks once again ..
i just found this product here so i bought it here , is a very good , good for hair , i have used it for a long time .
i think this product does what is promises . give it a try . get more info by checking out my entire product review at ;[ ... ]
the tingly feeling is just amazing ! you will feel & see the difference as your skin will truly glow ! amazon you are just amazing !
i like what it does , but it was a little longer than what i thought it works well though .
this is my favorite lipstick in my favorite color . i bought a couple at an excellent price and am preparing to reorder .
i puchased this after a friend told me about how well it works and i love it . my nail polish lasts so much longer now .
my mom owns the matte palette and i love shimmer formulation much , much more so i hope this is the palette for me
i love this shade , juicy peach . very natural looking . it feels good , applies nicely , not sticky . gotta love burt's bees ' natural products !
this eyeliner is great to put on , it waterproof and looks not too bold , and not to soft , and for the price it cant be beat !
this is my favorite toner . this works great for my 50 year old blemish prone skin . i love being able to get it on amazon .
great for nail designs and to just do something a little more interesting with your mani . also dries pretty quick as well .
since my brows are dark , i dot the browline with maybelline's velvet black , then smooth out with this ... very natural looking regimen
the eye serum was easy to use and apply , made my skin feel very moisturized . was a great deal for the price
i don't usually buy strip lashes . i buy the ardell half lashes . but they looked so natural ! but i would buy again at some point .
it looks wonderful and is easy to put on and wear , however , take a little extra care when combing it out , it shreds easily .
warm red / orange . great color . perfect true match to the online swatch . two coats gets total coverage . my new fave !
this stuff really works ! it brightens tone and can be used daily without worrying about damaging your hair . it's also simple as pie to use .
very thick . i'd say this is the best conditioner i've ever used and this time around i really destroyed my hair !
so excited that i was able to find the matrix biolage smoothing shine milk online ... i havbe had a very hard time finding it in the stores
this is a great product if you dont feel like waiting another 20 min at the salon to have them apply the toner .
it gave me a rash which is weird because i never get rashes from soaps . my husband likes it though so it won't go to waste .
i really like the guard that's included , however i need to work on my technique because i can't get the hair as straight as i would like .
how can you not love this powder , lovely sent great price . nice and silky with a sweet yet not to strong a sent .
i didn't get crazy about it ! i had a few in the past which worked much better than this one .
i love this top coat . there is no other top coat to buy . it helps keep the shine and adds long lasting wear to your nail colors .
smells wonderful and holds my thick hair . and the price can't be beat . i will buy this again and again .
my favorite lotion ever , it smells amazing and a bottle lasts a good while . definitely a great price too , i highly recommend
i use this product with loreal revitalift and it works well for the damage to my face from my accident and helps with the aging process .
i use the hyaluronic serum directly after micro needling my entire face . i do this right before bedtime , and wake up with glowing skin ! great product !
this product was ok when it was first shipped one of the pieces was broken can be better made next time
pantene is the best all the way . love this shampoo , gave a nice vibrant shine to my hair , wouldn't trade pantene for any luxury hair brand .
just as expected ! will be perfect for this summer ! i recommend this brand to all my fellow mommies ! love it !
can't go wrong with tons of great reviews and a very good price for all those reviews . glad i purchased it .
this mascara is one of the best i've used . the wand has proven useful in separating my lashes . waterproof works well .
nice uv lamp for doing gel manicures at home . cures polish nicely and doesn't run hot . i would purchase this item again .
no doubt that this is a bargain ! besides quality and its name brand br , and the size and the 180 color eyeshadow , price is just unbeatable !
like that you get as much as you do for the price that you pay . it lasts a long time and smells good too .
my significant other use these and he loves this product and i would recommend this product to anyone who wants to buy it
i can't see any difference using this versus not using it . i wouldn't recommend wasting money on any brand of creams that state it will help .
great smell . i think i will buy the bigger bottle , but this has plenty of uses for the price . a
love it but expected a tiny bit more from the product . but you can't go wrong it does work at least for me .
this is a great product . it works well on my teenage son's face ( acne prone ) . i highly recommend this product .
the paraffin spa bath does work for me . it makes my skin softer , i have used it several times and i would recommend this product to anyone .
love the brush , works well . love the other pointed end to part your hair to do layered teases . and it was good for the price .
bought these for my girls as they use a lot of blowing , hair dryers , curlers etc . , so far this is very helpful in protecting their hair
i don't normally wear mascara but i bought this for the few times i do . the product seems to be good and natural . i like this product .
i just wanted to try this as someone told me it was good for them . i like it but it is just an eye cream .
i was very surprised at the quality , it is very nice was hoping they were a little bigger , but over all nice .
this brush works especially well for it's intended purpose . really gets down to the scalp and gives you an invigorating cleansing scrub ! i love it !
i use this concealer every day and i love it .. very good quality for the price and i reallyy recomend it
i liked it , however it could have been better . it sometimes left my hair feeling hard and it wasn't a feeling that i liked frankly .
i just rec'd marblezing dotting pens in main . product description is inaccurate , they are all one color & not multiple colors as advertised .
best top coat i have ever used . dries extremely fast but also stays very shiny . i suggest this to anyone who does their own nails alot
i work in health care so i wash my hands constantly . i can see the difference in two weeks so breakage .
bought this for back stage makeup for a theater production . the price was right knowing that i might not need it after the show .
another hair favorite ; have been using for about 6 months now . i highly recommend . will buy again . but a little expensive .
everyone buy this it really works and its great for single , seniors and it does the job and is easy to keep clean ...
sponge styling hair clip . easy to use . convenoent . small enough to pupt in your purse or pocket . bun never easy tod do
this polish is perfect for stamping art on your nails . long lasting and fast drying , i highly recommend this brand ! !
i love this nail polish matte don't last long but that is not a problem its fine the way it looks thanks fast shipping great packing .
i love the double sided applicator with the narrow end . works well and allows easy coverage in the eye crease .
well my face kinda broke out and i like the matte look this make-up make my me major greasy so not for me .
this is a very good hair detangler , doesnt have a strong smell , which is nice and it does the work !
i bought this for my grand-daughter who has long thick hair and she loved it . finally hair jewelry for long thick hair .
there was a slight shine but sadly this product lightened my hair . not happy ! i got to figue if it is safe to recolor my hair yet
i put this in a aromatherapy diffuser and it smells wonderful . i recommend using this if you like the smell of roses .
i love gelish ... this is a teal blue that works nicely , but a base of white would probably make it pop .
just like the rest of their products , works well and is just as advertised , i have recommended these products to my friends .
great brush ! i love it ! very soft bristles ! great for natural looking finish foundation ! comes with brush protector ! fab brush ! great buy !
i should have read all ingredients - it has parabens in it , so returned it - i'm trying to not use products with parabens
i am obsessed with this lipstick fixative ! keeps my lipstick on all day ! ! lipstick does not move and it is cheap .
if you have fine lashes like me this makes and cheap or fancy mascara make your eyelashes ten times longer
great quality for an inexpensive brushlasting over 3 months so far and no bristles falling out or wood looking badgreat product
good adhesive for eyelashes and body jewelry . does not irritate the skin or eyes like some products do . i will continue to use .
i use this everyday - great product . be sure to buy the oil free one or you may not be as satisfied . i made that mistake once .
huge amount of product for a great price . i will have this product well into the following year ! will purchase again .
bad eyeshadow pigmentation but the blushes / bronzers are great :) but cant complain though since theyre only six bucks each
this is a good shampoo and conditioner combination . it cleans hair well , rinses out easily , leaving hair feeling clean and tangle free
this is a fragrance which i like to use on fridays or just before heading for the gym ... it has got a spicy flavor which smells very fresh ...
it's ok but i have had better l'oreal products . it does not have much of a scent which is what i always am looking for .
i used that kind of product for the first time using china glaze . i must say that i was amazed watching the transformation . it works extremely well .
these work great . no complaints so far except some of the balls are pretty much the same size . otherwise , no complaints .
these are the best eyelash fibers i have ever used . maybe because they are black they seem to make my lashes much longer and thicker .
it is very good for the price , the color are very pigmented , great for highlighting and contouring , it is a good buy .
like it the color and last like for ever very good , if you like it you could get it because is very good
irst of all it is pink ! and i love pink ! this stored my makeup when i traveled and loved the brush part . very sturdy and roomy
this is a great collection of neutrals . i really like the range and shades to choose from . great value for the price .
although the application was nice - the color didn't stay at all . totally gone within a couple of hours , even with a primer on the eyelid first .
i love off whitish and nude polishes . this color was a nice addition to my nail polish stash . package came well wrapped and shipping was awesome .
this is great for extremely dry , winter skin that's prone to dashes . my husband uses after each shower and rarely uses his prescription hydrocortisone cream .
i really like the purple displayed in the picture but what was delivered is more pink . please change the pic to match the item . :(
this stuff is like an old pair of shoes , you always come back to it because it feels comfortable on and the smell is nurturing .
can be used on skin or hair . i really like this - moisturizes without ' grease ' , controls humidity effect on hair . just a real nice product
this bubble bath creates long lasting plentiful bubbles and the smell is subtle , exactly what i was looking for . i will be buying more
love the strawberry scent of this shampoo , it smells amazing ! ! and my son loves the car on the front of the bottle
this is a vibrate color and really sizzles on top of darker polish like lincoln park after dark by opi . i will repurchase when i run out
these nail lacquers / nail polish are of superior quality . the colors are rich and offer a professional looking result at home .
i gave this as a gift and it was received very well . in time we will know if it works .
i love the colors and it is a great price . it is marked also to show you where each color should go .
the package and the name of this product makes for a very nice gift for a guy . the scent is also very nice .
very nice and well made brush and it works well for putting on masks and peels so you dont get your hand dirty
excellent perfume the best score is original , i like everything , which cost valuable , i recommend it to all the community amazon : d
this is a great product . i have been using it for 5 months now and am having great results with it .
the almond oil is great . it leaves your hair soft and shiny , and does not feel greasy . great for your skin too . great product .
great brush especially that fact it doesn't frizz out your hair .. works great when blow drying wet hair into a straight hairstyle ..
i like a lot of desert essence products but this one contains parabens which i don't like . 3 more words .
i actually use this for my powder because it is the perfect size for me . it is so soft and it's pink !
the product is superior quality just wish u had it in a bottle with a brush otherwise still would recommend it to others and the price cant beat it
feels nice on face when applied at night , although hydration seems to disappear by morning . will continue to use it and see how it goes
this product is easy to use and appears to be good for someone with allergies . i will buy this again .
waste of money - the soap is too small for a proper trial . it takes about 10 days for the package to arrive .
i'm happy when something works as advertised and this item simply does just that ! what more can you ask for ?
its not horrible but its not amazing . just your standard run of the mill lotion . nothing too moisturizing about it . an overall average product .
these are great .. gets the job done and they are perfect for what i needed no need on getting the really expensive ones
this works just as it is supposte to ... it is very very hot so be super careful .. it does the job well
i have read that the skin condition improves using this product so i am looking forward to using it as directed
along with the shampoo , conditioner , we also adorn our bathroom with this body wash . smells so fresh ! ! leaves no messy film .
we like that it does the job , and in a pretty package as well ! heats up fast and works quickly .
i keep buying sigma , brushes are so soft , don't shed and the quality is better than mac . need a sigma store in phoenix ...
it's okay - i don't like how it makes me nail polish chip / peel faster . it feels really heavy on my fingers , too .
gave to a friend , she wears more makeup than i ever will ... felt she would appreciate it ... she likes it very much . would recommend it .
this product really defines your curls i even love the scent of the product . i will be buying this is the future .
smells so good . mmmmm . and it feels refreshing on your head too . i really liked the amount of lather it produced as well .
wen seemed like something i'd like to try but after googling wen and hair loss , i decided not to risk whether or not i would lose hair .
this is another holy grail for me . i have thin hair and its not greasy if you dont put too much .
beautiful blue with a sparkle , great coverage with only one coat , even better with two . good wear even on very thin nails .
i really like this product . smells really nice , leaves a really nice shine and holds well . i would repurhase again for sure !
this oil is so strong the reviews wereright it last all day it does have a head shop smell but its nice very strong
i like how it comes on dark .. but it's not as waterproof as i thought it would be . but it still a very strong eyelash glue .
i like this but here again avon claims it does more than it really does but i like the feel on my skin so keep using .
i just love this smell good it has a wonderful smell i am happy with my item it is the best and it came right on time
bought this to make homemade beard conditioner and works perfectly for that . other than that , it's as advertised , but it !
if you put too much in your hair , you will feel this overwhelming tingling sensation . but i love it . high potency .
this item is very amazing and nice . i'm using fair color . very perfect and give me ful cover of my face
these are wonderful . they never leave any fuzzies on my nails when i use them , even if they catch on something they leave nothing behind !
ya its perfect if u ant to give matte look to any nalpaint this is perfect choice i m happy i decided to buy this
what else can be said than there just isn't a better constructed cotton swab on the market . they hold up well for personal use and crafts .
this palette is great . it is has a lot of fun bright colors in it . i love the color pay off .
and i love it . love it . love it . can't ever get enough of the scent - says " beautiful " with even the slightest hint of it
a good product and it-s nice to my atopic eksem.little bit hard to take on but okay.smells okay .
this is a great mascara , it goes on well , covers well . i really like it . doesn't clump . highly recommend .
didn't really like this fragrance at all . a waste of a purchase . i wouldn't do it again , not even for the price .
i originally had the stamper and scraper from the salon express kit from sally's , hated it . this one works so much better . 100 % recommend .
i like it , well it's okay , but i really don't have much to say about it except i should have got a scented kind like pineapple .
i remember buying this for my husband at a mall kiosk years ago and then one year i found it on-line for under 10 bucks , winner !
the are wonderful , sturdy personal grooming tools . it has many inter-changeable heads for the job you need to do . they are easily cleaned .
great value , good strong thick nail , perfect tips for all needs why do they make us write more words than we need to !
this polish is fine and i will order this again in the future . thank you for your time . dolores tuttle
this is a new product for me . went on easily and easy off . looks great for french manicure . i used it on top of red baroness .
i love bare minerals makeup because it goes on so fast and looks so natural . this seller offers a much better price than in the department stores .
very easy to apply & clean up ! i just wish it was a tad darker . best eye marker i've owned , though !
i wouldn't suggest this product . it didn't do anything for my scalp . but everybody's bodies completely different . you may have better luck
i bougth this when i was really into coloring my hair it was ugly . i didn't like the way it turned out on my hair .
color loved by young and old ... product seems to be fresh and new . likeed how it was sent protected in bubble wrap .
a good product for a good price . the colors are nice , they seem to hold up well , everything you need from a hair band .
this is a really nice blue color , lighter than the picture makes it seem . i highly recommend all of the gelish products .
a tried and true product . i was thrilled to find it is this size at this price . excellent price for this item .
absolutely love these brushes . a must have for anyone who uses makeup . once you try these , you won't use others .
nope . don't bother . that big black beady eye is weird and it looks unpleasant . i wouldn't wear it anywhere , seriously .
excellent deal ! the 2 pack really saves a lot of money . i will definitely be buying them again . the store is way more expensive
i got this in pomeg / color..redish/pink , and i love it ! it goes on smooth and it is so pretty ! :)
dries fast , looks stunning . it's no wonder its so hard to find at any store right now . buying online was the way to go .
i work in an office where the air conditioning is on blast . this product kept my skin from feeling tight at work .
this is very good conditioner . it's reasonably price and does good on my hair . love products like this . try it .
i love the cream for it made my skin feel nice and smooth plus it is nice when it is back by a dermatologist nationwide .
this is a great little set ! ! small but big with pigmentation ! ! great for a beginner ! comes with different selections of shades ! !
i have only used these a few times but they are easy to use and i have loved the results that i had with them .
wouldn't live a day or night without it . i can see a difference around my eyes from using the product .
this product works extremely well and i was very satisfied with the results . the product did make my skin feel a lot smoother .
using this product daily , not sure how effective it is . giving it a little more time . only started using it a month ago
this is a great lotion that smells very nice . it also doesn't feel oily , which i appreciate . i recommend buying it .
awesome brushes to add to any collection ! i went from using elf to these and i was totally impressed !
i like this oil its not greasy it absorbs well it has no smell it works great in my hair
the pencil is not as smooth as people commented ? or maybe it depends on person ? but it still not a too bad product .
this body butter is sooooo good ! it smells exactly like strawberries and is ultra moisturizing . it can be a little heavy but overall i think its great .
this exfoliating towel is very big , works great at cleaning the skin and removing dead skin cells , little hard to use in the shower though .
great for reaching those hard to reach spots on your back . i kinda wish the bristles were a little tougher but it still gets the job done just right
i really care about using safe , green products , and these packets work as well as the name brand dish washers that pollute . viva !
i got this for my sister as a gift and she loved it ! i also tried it and it is a very good product ! very fun !
i cant see much difference after using it ... just like any regular exfoliating glove ... i wouldn't order it again . kinda rough on my soft skin also
the brushes are good tools for your nails to decorate to make professional design for your nail art . i recommend .
i ordered this when i ordered the olay pro-x and the brush heads last super long , they work great for my sensitive skin !
it helped zap the pimples but the smell was hurrendous and it hurt and burned so bad i couldnt take it
this stuff is amazing , i have super thin hair and it tangles easy , but not anymore ! ! ! its a must have !
comes with a nice hemp bag and the brushes are outstanding ! i've used animal hair brushes and this are so much better .
there is barely any sparkle at all in this polish . the picture is very deceiving . it's very runny and almost clear .
girlfriend likes it and she uses it all the time . so far no compaints . great for the price . will recommend .
goes on smoothly and precisely . my daughter needed it for dancing performances and finds it easy to use . nice " clean " white color .
not recommended . despite applying it every day after wash , there is no noticeable effect . not much instructions and no warning on allergy or side effects .
i apply it into my face and neck every morningi feel my skin moist immediately after applyingit , s great !
i just need to get used to it . it also came alot faster than i thought it would so i am very happy about that
i just got these also so i have not yet used them neither so give a little time to use .
this product was purchased to mix with some others to make the correct shade of loose powder . it works very well .
i compared this with my black nail polish and the stamp comes out much thicker in color . i am definitely sticking to this .
this dryer holder works just as described , it even has rubber inserts to minimize scratching the door you hang it on .
i have used many different creams for cleansing over the years and murad is the best ! no muss no fuss , i use it it the shower
love the color , received it quickly and i get compliments on the color all the time . really happy with the purchase .
the color you see is the one you get on your lips ( more or less ) . it hydrates very well.love the ingredients !
i love these brushes . helps with applying and blending eye shadow . works well with either cream or powder eye shadows .
i use this glass to put my brush cleaner in and it is the perfect tiny size . highly recommend it .
who doesnt like a good bargain ? we certainly do . we like having a good stock of this type of thing .
i bought this for my sister , she really likes the powder because it covers a great deal , but the applying pad is awful ! really bad quality .
did not come in yet . i honestly wouldnt recomend this to anyone since it hasnt come in yet and its past the due date .
i am not happy because this wig is brown and also shedding . the description should not state it is black when it is brown .
i love this product . its a dark dark blue , goes on nice and smoothe . didn't chip or anything . only need one or two coats .
the product seems to work and this kit is well priced for what it contains . good buy , would recommend it .
this product smells great and helps to prevent breakouts without drying the skin . after using it for over a month , i see results .
this item looks just like the picture but the metal would tangle in my hair . maybe i could put something satin underneath .
a friend who also has rosacea recommended the eucerin products . they are helpful , and i keep a supply on hand .
love this ! cut down my dry time , quieter then my last one , and leaves my hair soft . would reccomend to a friend
easy to use and gives beautiful waves to my hair . heats up extremely fast . always gets compliments for my hair.love it !
great color with the quality you expect from opi . i was in search for a fun glitter polish . it's lovely , but does chip easily .
so yeah , they weren't that great but i guess that makes sense for the price that they were . not a good buy
love love love ! ! would recommend to all my friends ! ! cant wait to do my nails and my three daughters nails ! !
this brush feels really good but it creates static . i wet it a little bit before using it just so my hair doesn't fly up . wouldn't recommend .
beautiful colors , the palette is big just the right size , i will definitely buy more , i hope it also stays longer
this product is just terrific , my daughter has had an acne problem for years and we have tried many product but spotless face is just wonderful .
use to cover some red areas on my face , works well . i use a small brush to put on , covers wells . would buy again
good quality plastic bristle brush . comes with a convenient smaller brush . both are lightweight and work well . good price as well .
i tried so many but this was the best i think . i made a mistake by returning it and now i consider buying it again .
good quality colors are true and shining love iti will recommend this product is a perfect deal my nails look cute
i love this case to keep my sigma brush set . i leave it in my car n make up between the red light traffic . thx so much .
since i have used it , i haven't know this one's effective.this product's perfume is a very good and i like perfume.maybe , i repeat this item .
this is very good product and good quality , love it . i will high recommend it to everyone in beauty industry .
you cannot beat internet pricing for this product . i really like it and will not pay salon or clinic prices for it .
took awhile to get them but they are cool and soft and make applying makeup great and a lot easier and efficient
ok , not as shiny or sparkly as i was hoping . but other than that it's fine . the color is as shown .
i love this nail dryer ... very fast drying and it doesnt harm your hands or nails ... i would definitely recommend this product and will repurchased ! ! !
nice long handle . holds up very well . have had it over 2 mos and use it everyday and it is still almost like new .
arrived quickly and was absolutely beautiful . i wore it for my quinceanera and it looked fantastic . a very good buy for the price .
my fav brush set i use these brushes everyday and they all work very good ! i would def re purchase
convenient synthetic brushes , quickly dry after washing with shampoo , i forgot about a big set of brushes and i use them , such they convenient !
this is the best eyeliner ever made . they quit carrying it where im from which is typical everything they sell out of they stop carrying it .
i love this polish , but you have to put a color under it as a base or you can barely see the hearts .
i love the quality of the rhinestones , came well before expected . thank you ! i am a happy camper and cannot wait to use the rhinestones
fast delivery , product came sealed and untampered with . great for use in a mister bottle with water for added hydration for hair and skin .
colors are exactly as pictured ... just beautiful ... love this product ! ! !
got this in the mail from china today ! holds my hair well in a nice round cute bundle and feels comfy . i like it !
this shampoo may not be truly organic but it does leave my hair clean and silky soft . i would recommend it .
left on for 30min wit a heating cap and it did wonders for my hair ... will repurchase , did not buy off amazon
cute designs ! too bad i ordered this plate after i found all my options on amazon to get bundle sets for half the price ! ! !
it's exactly what i was looking for . it's perfect for putting on makeup and doesn't take up very much space .
on 2 occasions differnet sellers sent faulty product . contacted manufacturer about mislabelling . generally love this fantastic base coat . not here .
not too bad for the price , i will give it three statrs , i sued it for 2 months , no big deal !
wow ! ! the ends actually look to humannn ! ! jajajaja its so short and thin ! did not like at all ... will give away .
these brushes are so cheap and skinny like chop sticks they suck big time i guess i got what i paid for .
these lashes look fake ! they arent even natural hairs don't waste your money on this youll come out looking uber tacky ...
not what it was cracked up to be ! i found no difference in hair , skin and nails ... i won't be ordering it again .
my grandgirls use this and love the way it helps to keep their complexions dewy looking and soft . this was a real hit with them .
this is a good powder , it is very sutil and soft are a yelloweee powder ! ! ! and matifiying good
i love doing nails so this is perfect for retro funky designs . love all the colors too . i would reorder this again .
too , too , too thin for me . needed to be a little thicker but not too thick , just a little thicker
this stuff is ok but doesn't really work that great . it smells pretty good , but i might as well just not wear deodorant .
i really love this product ! it is really great ! everything about it was amazing because i do my nails so much it is amazing !
my girls have long hair and this makes managing it much easier after washing and conditioning . definitely a life saver ! lol
i began using skin ceuticals about 10 months ago and won't ever use anything else . love the way my eye circles have disappeared .
this product works great on my niece's hair.this item is made by the unilever company , a well known company who also makes axe , and suave products.recommended .
in the product description it said that it came with a creme eyeliner and an eyeliner brush but it didnt and this palette makes my face super greasy
works great on wet hair , dry hair etc . manages the frizz and gives you a nice soft shine . great product .
affordable , but not really happy with my purchase . i wouldn't buy again . sometimes you get what you pay for and thats all there is to it .
thus seems to be the only product that keeps my sins hair under control . he is an interracial teen who wants long curls . this helps .
this is my most favorite mascara . i will not use any other . doesn't clump . thickens and lengthens . better than any fancy mascara i have tried .
very happy with this set of dotting tools , great various sizes for different work and all at a great price .
i have very blonde hair and we hit the beach alot so it faded pretty quickly . but , it was fun while it lasted .
i love this hair dryer it work really well . heat is evenly distributed throughout the blower . easy to use . i never have issues using this dryer .
i was put off by the strong nutty smell of this oil but it works wonders on my skin . hope it works just as well on my hair .
this shampoo leaves my hair a bit stiff and it doesn't sud . however it doesn't strip the hair squeaky clean .
all the warm colors that i had been searching for are finally here in one palette . i absolutely it ! don't miss out on this deal .
no sodium laureth sulfate to lift up your skin cells and dry you out ! great lather , nice scent and gets you clean without turning ashy .
these brushes are great ! i made one a lip brush . no bristles ever fall out , i use for powder and eyeshadow
when applied , it heats up dramatically . results were ok .. nothing special . wont be investing in this again . nivea has something similar and cheaper .
the smell of flowers and sweet and citrus everywhere i go people ask me what perfume i using ! ive been buying this for 5 years now
this tool is awesome ! works perfect ! i couldn't be more pleased ! ! ! must have ! ! ! the spooning on the tip is perfect !
the best for sensitive skin . not bad reactions but still keeps your skin soft and clean . no harsh redness . people have noticed the difference
awesome does it's job and takes your hair to a whole new level and makes it feel great and fresh and clean
i don't know if it's the best product out there but this product definitely works and cleans the skin thoroughly.for the money it can't be beat .
box looked like it may have been opened - wouldn't use this vendor again - too expensive to ship back
this smells nice but does not last long at al ; l . i won't reorder or recommend it.the bottle is pretty .
i have discoloration on my check and it disappear slowly but surely - - i will definitely add this to my subscribe listyayreena
great skin lightening product for very reasonable price ! thanks ! what else can i say ... easy & pleasant to use ! thank u !
unfortunately , due to my health situation i have to return this product untouched therefore , i cannot give it an honest review .
works like a charm ! decided to try it in place of flexitol , works perfectly and it is a great deal !
best makeup brush ever ! ! ! i love it ! ! you are going to love this foundation brush . i ordered more real techniques brushes !
cream is heavy but absorbs , and if used twice a day ( morning & night ) you will see a positive difference .
queen helene is the only one for me ! i have problem skin and this is the solution . the product arrived on time and in good conditon .
this product would have been great for a 10 year old girl to play with , maybe to use on her dolls .
is impossible to even get on brush to put on and the light doesn't even show on my very fair skin at all . waste of 5 bucks
im not sure if this is working . i don't see a difference , however , i do see redness at teh corners of my eyes !
a favorite . at times it's hard to find a good price so the hunt can be long but worth it .
couple this ambi moisturizer with ambi fade soap and you've got a " knock-out " combination to keep your face clear , smooth , moisturized and healthy !
i love this . it absorbs well and doesn't leave that sticky feeling . it's also a big container for the price .
s m e l l s g r e a t a n d i l o v e t h e f e e l
it does make my hair manageable and shiny . i love the lush , pleasant smelling lather . i like it better than more expensive salon brands .
it was good as a moisturizer but not the greatest at reducing fine lines and wrinkles
everything i need for a comb is all here in this set . i can use it during my hair treatment or when i section my hair .
make sure you exfoliate when you shower before using this the first time and maybe 2 times a week so your tan looks nice and lasts .
great quality and amount of rhinestones for the price , all stones are in good conditon and stay within space in wheel !
tried this for firming my skin . it's basically just a good moisturizer . did nothing else . did not live p to it's claim .
this is a great product for nails only ! you just need to press on the nail and hold it . works great !
its my everyday shadow brush , i even use it for blending on to the crease , even though i own many sigma blending brushes
i liked these small brushes because 1 . perfect for small designs 2 . easy to make deisgns 3 . different sizeswhat i didnt like was nothing ! ! !
i loved the color selection , the glitter shadow is a gel type base so it feels a little weird on the eyes but great effect .
love the smell . love the texture . love how our feels after a shower.love dove ! two thumbs up ... 5 star ! ! thank you .
this is the only face sunscreen i can use that does not break out my face nor does it burn it . covers great and goes on smooth .
i love this curling iron ! it heats up very quickly and is so great my girlfriend bought the same one after using mine !
i found that this glue does not last or stick well , cheaper brands work better , i was hopeful but will not purchase again .
the colors of the wet brush are really cool , i like how it feels on my hair , it is a really good product
i was questioning if this was real . it was very pasty and i have other mac products that are on the same order that aren't like this .
doesn't make my manicure last any longer than before . very disappointed because i was looking for something to make my polish stay on longer .
this works okay , i used the entire tube and it faded quite a few marks but i wouldn't say that this product alone did it .
i am using this product all the time . see results after several use . will reorder again and highly recommending to purchase this item .
came earlier than expected and is great for doing acrylics . i love the kind of brush that it has . i will be buying more .
i love this polish . my nails tend to be flimsy and peel all the time . duri makes them hard and sturdy .
these 500 white french acrylic nails are really nice.they are also of great quality ! i am very happy with this product
purchased for my wife and she has been enjoying this product . great packaging and she loves how soft her skin feels in the morning with this serum .
i don't think it really picks up all the hair . so you have to get going over that one spot , and it is painful
i normally love revlon lip glosses but this particular one was just too pasty looking on me . maybe it just wasn't my shade . disappointed ! ! !
this works well and it is nice to have pump bottle . goes a long way only need a bit to wash face .
feels good on my skin and rubs completely in . great for my little aches and pains ! no weird smells , divine !
drys fast and its not too loud , i just wish it had a maybe retractable cord ? ! but other then thst very nice
lots of bright and vibrant colors ! so many looks can be created with this palette , would make for a great gift !
cant really help me .. get lever 200 soap or dial soap to wach your acne face better ... not recommend this product !
these are quick & easy to use . they are so convenient to use . no muss . no fuss . i love them .
this lip gloss are so good and come in a really pretty box and they are great for the price they have ...
my daughter loved these acrylic powders they were perfect for a stocking stuffer and her schooling . arrived on time and in perfect condition .
daughter loves it ! i admit it does smell nice . came very quickly in time for valentines day . a nice light fruity scent for young girls .
got it for the first time and because i am trying to be as natural as possible , i will be making the flax seed gel in the future .
the description says it is purple but it's more like an amethyst color . it is well made and would be perfect for a formal occasion .
im thinking of ordering another pair because my son chew on my blenders but they work great and 100 % like in the picture
i bought it for a friend . she used it only at night . she told me she really liked it and would like to purchase more .
a true white color that is very nice , if you like white polish then you will enjoy this one . .
the colors are wonderful and the coverage is excellent . the palette arrived on time and in secure packaging . i am extremely happy with the purchase .
didn't like this one at all , clumpy and a bit dried out in the tube , maybe it sat on the shelf to long .. wouldn't recommend ...
like these alot to create different nail designs . very useful in nail arts . i'd recommend ! no problems with these .. has them since sept .
this is my second bottle of revlon age defying makeup with botafirm and i really like it . will be buying again
this oil is real good and works so well on breakouts . one little drop is enough for the face . this has become a must for my dresser .
it pretty color it last a long time it wont chip true to color pretty color . i have bought more them this color and like colors
this palette is perfect for every blemish i've ever had and i love the green for my red cheeks ! this is the perfect size , perfect color choices !
this is great at spot treating blemishes . it goes away in a day . two days max . this has been a life savor .
you will want to moisturize after washing as the acid can dry your skin a bit . i love this face wash and will continue to purchase it !
brushes are great , but i love these spongies for their smooth application and blending . good ones are becoming scarce , so i'm really glad i found these .
this is really cute . i ordered 3 different ones and they were all cute . my kids use them to put there money in .
cuts down on the fur look my naturally curly hair loves to sport and makes it soft and healthy looking
very nice and night cream .. make your skin soft and glowing .. it has a fragrance that i love not overpowering just . soft sweet and feminine
so bad , my order light brown . don't clear and not light brown color . i am very disappointment for this item
i used to have the macadamia brush but it broke and this one is the replacement it feels great on my scalp like a massage
applied day and night - has lessened wrinkles , not all gone , but at my age not really expecting the wrinkles to go away !
definitely grows hair faster , but must have split end breakage because hair still shoulder length after almost 8 mos of usage ...
i love black eye liner and i decided t purchase this cream eyeliner , and i so love it ! i would definitely recommend it .
my skin hasn't felt like this in 25 years and i'm only 33 . i loved this so much that i got some for my best friend .
when you are 25 years old or more , you should care more about the loosing of facial muscles . that ` s why i chose this one .
love this color ! this is the only color i wear because it's goes from daytime to evening and even to black tie so well .
* the shampoo works fine and i did like it better than the almond and shea shampoo . * a great find for the price .
beautiful raven color , but transfers easily from hair onto fabric days after application . i have ruined some pillowcases , towels and clothes . use with caution .
i've used this on my face for a while , and it has helped so much with my acne . amazing toner !
there nice if you wanna practice and if you dont mind a smell of strong plastic but its a good deal as well
if your skin has never seen a ray of sun in your life then this may be for you . its so white . consider yourself warned .
my hair is thinning and i'm always looking for something to help . i wish this product had been the one , but it wasn't the one for me .
i am a big fan of essie polishes and this one did not disappoint . it is a great neutral with a little bit more color .
i received this flat iron as a gift from my big bro . extremely happy with it , very smooth and gentle on my hair .
love the colors just trying to get it back in the bottle is so hard had to find something else to put it in
this by far is the best top coat i have ever had ! ! my polish lasted more than a week without chipping ! ! !
i had to file these down on the bottom because they are super high off the nail . other than that they are very detail n beautiful colors .
it gets the job done with ease ! i was tired of the cvs brands that barely took off my polish . this does what i need it to !
i love this sunscreen . it absorbs fast and my makeup goes on smoothly . it doesn't cake and roll off like some other sunscreens .
love the designs , big enough to cover all my nails . did my sister's and my nails . we love it . definitely will re-purchase from cheeky
the packaging and the glitter is cheap , glitter is too bulky for nail application.will be giving to my young daughter for art .
this is the first addition set . the full nail images are smaller than konad or later bundle monster sets . they do have the paper backing though .
the smell is a bit overpowering and i think it's okay . it's probably for someone with more curly hair vs . wavy .
these are the best french colors i have yet tried . my nail bed looks very natural and the french very elegant .
first time i ever found a lotion with this degree of protection that glides on so easily . it is perfect !
i got this for my girl friend and i think she is loving it . her legs looks great after applying this product .
you can't find a decent set of brushes for such a low price . i will use these for nail art as well as acrylic paintings .
this is the best mascara i ever tried ! and i tried several ones ! it makes lashes look so long . also , the price is really convenient !
i loved the color and really wanted to like this nail polish , but it turned out to be runny on application .
i bought this on a recomendation from my dentist . i really am impressed . it also whitens your teeth . thanks again .
you can scrub good with these gloves and get a massage while you clean . its a good thing . i got three .
nice addition to any home nail salon ! easy to use with simple to follow instructions . the designs look very nice on any manicure .
i love nyx jumbo pencils . it's exactly what i ordered . they work great as a base . this one words great on light browns and golds .
i love it i use at least 4 times a week the only problem is they do not sell replacement brushes
feels great on the skin , has a lovely scent . keeps my eyes feeling refreshed and wrinkle free ! cute packaging too !
works as described . love the nice clean scent and healthful yumminess ... it arrived as promised . would order again . + + + thank you !
great cleanser for my oily skin cuts right through and i feel clean without feeling dried out . i use it often and will reorder and would recommend .
100 % pure unrefined raw shea butter does a very good job of moisturizing my skin ... even my feet ! i love this stuff .
bought these as stocking stuffers for my boys for christmas . generous sized bottles and a nice , manly scent . would purchase again .
great product ! natural , acne face wash that doesn't leave skin feeling tight or dry . gentle enough to use day and night !
the strongest chemical peel you can purchase outside a physician's office . follow directions carefully , and stay out of the sun .
deceptive marketing strategies , with the different labels and same ingredients . save your hard earned money and spend it on something you deserve !
great product . on natural nails it can be used as top and bottom coat . it really helps keep the polish on .
not the best coverage as a concealer but i love the spf , and i love the brightening effect . does not cover underneath eye veins though .
excellent product . not fuzzy , holds together for anything you choose to use it for . will definitely buy again . thanks for making this product available .
i just got them today i can't wait to put them on but so far they look so real (: thanks
these are beautiful . i love this . i am so glad i baught them . i can do so much with them
air is discharged at the rate that it actually separates the xfusion rather than cover . so back to shaking the bottle directly on my thinning areas .
i have used this cream for a few years now and it has become my favorite by far . i also use the night creme .
i have been using the mac gel liner for a long time , and i love it , but this even better , and it lasts longer in your eyes
i really like this eye cream ! it works very well . it's not heavy yet it seems to moisturize very well !
helps to keep your hair clean and manageable with regular use . rinses easily and leaves you feeling clean and fresh ! nice , light fragrance .
does everything its supposed to , simple to pour into pumps and such . i just keep this on subscribe and save and always have soap handy .
this stuff is awesome . i have sensitive skin and this really helps to exfoliate but is gentle on my skin .
no smudge . easy to clean off . looks great . i keep the tube in my cosmetic bag in my purse . it lasts up to 6 months .
this is a good product however i was hoping it would help more with my adult breakouts . i probably will not purchase more .
i really like this ... l'oreal paris everpure moisture shampoo , 8.5- fluid ounce as good as reiken with out the crazy high price .
the pearls are beautiful and exactly as described . i am so happy . i received them well before expected which i was pleasantly surprised about .
love it ! i use it to put on gel liner its soooo smooth great way to put on liner good job with this brush will purchase another one .
i used this for some of my halloween makeup . it went on sooth and stayed on all night which made me happy
i liked that these facial cloths were very quick and easy to use . they left my face and neck clean without drying .
i have always been a fan of mane and tail products . they make th hair feel healthy and manageable . hat is off to mane and tail !
awesome eyeshadow . i adore the brush and the formula of the mascara . it gives you long and full lashes desired
this is worse than the time the raccoon got in the copier.all anchorman puns aside , the smell is truly horrid . i just can't .
i like having a tinted moisturizer with spf protection . i don't need to use a foundation when i use this product since it provide me with good coverage .
i don't use it for teasing , but it's still good . smooths out my hair nicely and overall its a good brush to have .
i saw a small difference but did not remove my dar spots or scars . used the whole bottles and was disappointed .
i have used this product for years first recommended to me by my dermatologist . it is the only thing that dries and clears up my forehead acne !
love this color . perfect for the summer time . i mix it with a light lipgloss and it's absolutely gorgeous ! ! ! !
like is expected , dont have smell is very easy to use and take offand long lasting too , come on time
i was a little unsettled buying nail tips onlinebut i was pleasantly surprised by the fit and ease of application . i will recommend these tips to my friends .
a great product for the price , and they hold well . a must have for your hair stash for a variety of styles at any length ! .
i am not an allergic person but this stuff caused a reaction and i had to stop using it . a waste of money because i had ordered two .
smells nice works great . would tell other people about it . after massaging it into nails it leaves a nice shine .
i have not tried it yet i am trying to finish my other cream first . i think it will be thick enough .
realistically does make the skin look better . i still look my age . it just gives me skin a healthier look .
love this product , has a great hold without making my hair dry , flaky or crunchy . staple product for everyday use
i love this ! ! it's easy access to my nail polish remover and leaves my other hand free .. worth getting
paraben-free makeup is better for your body as well as your skin . larenim is one of my all time favorites .
i bought the oil to use in my hair masks but i'd rather have the actual avocado for future masks .
i am using this product for quite a long time and it is really good . it dries instantly and keeps your manicure looking good for the week .
this is the real deal - the way rose water is suppose to be.no added " fragrance " . excellent quality product !
never thought i needed these until i stumbled across them ! keeps my brushes soft and intact , especially when traveling.also great for washing and drying !
nice set of brushes . xxxx x x x x x x x x x x x xx x
a little small on my head but i still ear it alot . love it . classy ears lol meow meow meow purrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
probably one of the best collagen products i have used . i'll see how it works as i use it longer .
this eye shadow kit is great . i can use every color in it and the eye shadow is very pigmented and good quality !
i'm still waiting for my product . ebay has these sam studs for only a dollar free shipping and for 1000 pieces
the smaller comb is very good for detangling hair after a shampoo . the larger one i use for styling after blow-drying and straightening for a beautiful textured style .
these are probably one of my favorite lashes out there .. i just use the same glue brand and it works best ..
just what i was looking for ... i'm in love now , i can do my own unique design on my nails :)
hellothese are a great brush set 32 brushes to be exact.and it is great that it came from shany super professional
another great product from wen . i do not use every day . when i do use this product i do have great results
package came on time . great price ! item was in all original packaging . beautiful colors ! a must buy for a great price ! ! !
an aesthetically pleasing round brush that retains heat and works well . i'm into it .
i love these brushes ! they are easy to clean and the bristles do not fall out . they do have a professional quality and i love the colors !
this is my favorite cologne to wear . i've received many good compliments when i'm wearing it . will definitely purchase more and commend to purchase to others .
the do the job nicely of holding your hair . no slipping , and a great color color for blondes , blend right in .
the product is easy to apply . i could notice a difference after i used . great product to use for great results .
all great , i was happy with the item and what i paid for it . no regrets . i would recommend to others . 9
great everyday polish . very natural . i recommend . get it now . you won't be disappointed . great basic color . love it . smile
this was a gift for my sister-in-law who has very thick hair , and she loves it ! very good heating tool .
great product to use with the cnd system . large bottle to accompany a lot off manicures . super fast shipping . i will purchase again .
so excited to use these to create some great new nail art ! the clients are going to love them =)
great product , with exception of the consistency could be more solid and in a different container . no problem with smell , it's a natural smell .
great nail polish , only downside was how many coats of polish i had to apply before it looked even . otherwise it came out a beautiful color .
i've tried a lot of different brands , this is my favorite . removes waterproof mascara and long lasting lipstick easily without a greasy mess .
a very bright neon pink . it's perfect for this time of year ( summer ) . people might say it's too bright but i love it .
it was a great buy and it arrive earlier than expected . will buy the other colors .
this is the best ever ! i use it faithfully morning and night ! i know it helps when i get those nice compliments from friends .
love the different sizes . perfect for sparkly nail designs . the wheels are just a bit loose so keep tape on em .
i'm a big believer in buying in bulk . if you are too , these q-tips should be in your cart ! great product at a great price !
i wish i had read the reviews better . this is not made for my hair type . i was over moisturized and super greasy .
i use this as my concealer as well as to hide dark circles . and you need just a teensy bit to do the job .
my skin felt like silk after i used this soap . gave one to my husband and he loves it also . no more shower gel for me
these are literally the best bobby pins i have ever used ! i can hold a bun with only 2 . this is a lifetime supply .
stays on for about 2 hours . isn't really a heavy moisturizer like chap stick . it's like a gloss but more of a chap stick look .
it really serfes the pursopose of using this product even for temporary use . and it really covers the area needed .
i love this brush i used it and it works very well on my eyes i am very happy that i got this one .
i have been using this product for + 2 years along with the volumizing shampoo and conditioner . great product ! helps provide needed volume
ugh money wasted ... just too small dissappointed . i should have known better . anyone want a brush ? hahaha lol other than that love spornette brand
this is a high quality clipper . especially like the idea that it " catches " the clippings , and it does . cuts clean and good quality .
this is a little thin and not for dry skin . it's o . k . for a daily moisturizer but i would like one that is more emollient .
this eye cream is great no greasy and looks like my fine lines look better . would buy again when i'm out of it .
helped me to straighten my naturally curly 4a hair . i used it with a straightening brush . i would recommend it to others .
way smaller then i expected but i haven't used this yet . i will return to let you guys know how it works .
did nothing for my skin . do not waste your money . worst soap ever for your skin . it makes acne worst with all the bad chemical .
damn it l want mines to come now ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... well l will lol got to boys so l have to do it on a day their gone
it is regular craft glitter and not a fine cosmetic grade . the brushes were a terrible quality and i don't feel like they will last very long .
it smells great , i have very dry hands so it helps moisturize them and the packaging is really cool . definite re-purchase again .
i use this all the time . perfect primer to conceal those little imperfections and not heavy feeling on my skin . i love dermalogica products !
love but a bit on the sparkly side . i use in conjunction with my normal matte bronzers . try and love .
again ! maybelline is the best ! love it that it has a little bit of sparkle ! ! makes my face glow ! and looks more fresh like .
love this color . works best on pre-lightened hair . it looks great on pale yellow hair . did not turn green . definitely will use this color again .
this is a fantastic color that has been discontinue , so i was pleased to be able to find it for such a reasonalble price .
but it didn't work for me . i bought it 4 times and used it daily for 1 year but i saw no results at all .
there are some of these on the market for so much more than this 4 pack and it's so unnecessary.these are fantastic and blend beautifully !
this is a nice product at a great price , it does lighten spots , just do not expect that to happen overnight , give it a couple of weeks
they do work but a post it would too its to much trouble to peal and stick to your delicate eye area . i used them once that's it .
the color is very pretty but the quality of the nail polish isnt good at all .. it is very streaky and thick
for a natural or textured hair , you need this in your life for your hair . this should always be in your stapleyes get one .
love this product . super effective for decorating or just nail stenciling and using the tape as a guide . what a deal ! one very happy customer here !
my hair is way more curly and super soft since i stared using this shampoo ! it smells really nice too !
i bought this for my daughter she loves to do her hail and this is simple and easy to use .
this brush does not pull or tug like other brushes . it detangles nicely and the bristles seem to massage my scalp as well .
some of my plates seemed to of have been mishandled and with scratches , other than that the plates stamp fine .
this is for your skin and hair it will give your skin and hair the nutrient that thy need and keep it healthy . i recommend it .
i wear everyday . i live in florida and the sun is so strong here that you need real good protection . this is an excellent quality .
my nephew got this for christmas from me . he loves usher's music so i decided to give him his cologne . he loved it .
it's just ok . i actuallyprefer the apricot scrub by st . ives and it is much cheaper than boots exfoliator .
i like this lotion . it not greasy . easy to apply . my skin stays soft entire day . i would definitely recommended it .
i love this bonnet ! it works great to protect my twists and braids and keeps the ends from fraying and splitting .
i am so happy to purchase this high quality moisture cream . obagi is my favorite skin care line.wonderful service by seller and the price is sooo great !
i bought this for some slight body acne and it hasn't done anything for it . works well as a body wash though and is a big bottle .
needed combs for my hair , and these fit the bill . they're basic but why would you need anything more to simply untangle your hair ?
it's so nice to be able to get things in the mail that i usually h ave to go out for
waste of money . useless mirror . the light is horrible & crappy & the mirror is make of a cheap plastic material .
this is a little to heavy for everyday use with fine curly hair but i will use as a deep conditioner
i was a little weary about the price but they are good shears . not the sharpest but you get what you pay for .
love the way these razors give me the closest shave . my legs feel so smooth . these are tops as far as disposables go in my book !
the 4 sides are only slightly different in texture . other similar products have 4 distinct degrees of smoothness / roughness per side which i prefer .
i've seen better results from tap water . i'm so glad i didn't spent much on this junk .
i have sensitive skin and can use this without problems . i like the clean smell and the way it makes my skin feel .
junk , did not work at all would never purchase again , waste of money don't waste your time , minus stars as far i am concerned
didn't match me but it's an okay product . a little cakey but there's a lot of products that do that .
i have used revlon age defying makeup for a number of years and like it as it goes on smooth and i think looks pretty good .
like all my reviews about the batiste dry shampoo i think this is the best dry shampoo in blush , diva and tropical .
this item is awesome . it is more than i expected . i use it often and i am very satisfied with my purchase and would recommend it .
this holds the stamps in well and does what it should do . i have no complaints about this product.it was a good buy
i've got the nappiest hair in the world . a little bit of this product and i've got the most beautiful and silky hair around .
does the job and does it well - great value and not too pricey either - my hair looks great
fresh , light , not overpowering , great everyday fragrance highly suggest to anyone that likes something fresh and clean smellingtry it today you won't be disappointed
this powder is very sheer and does not have as much coverage as i wanted . just a finishing powder alone .
this is hands down my favorite oil . it makes my hair thicker and aids in growth . i recommend to all natural girls !
foundations are tricky with me as most leave my face red after using . this one goes on well with a make up sponge but use a light hand .
i was iffy about the reviews but then when i received it only 4 of them worked through the pen . but other than that the brush works well .
not a lot of residue and seems to do the trick - although i felt like the colored hair version did a better job .
and got a scalp full of open sores instead . i'm glad it works for others ; i wish it had worked for me !
its ok but have not seen a true change or difference . will probably not buy again . i used with the shampoo and its as creamy as expected .
i bought this set and loved it ! not cheap ! brushes do not shed ! great for professional and first time users ! !
it's the right combo of thick and natural - the shimmer isn't very noticeable but the over all look of the lashes is very nice .
i love these . they work awesome and are comparable to the sigma brushes that cost a million and a half dollars .
not too light , not too heavy . just perfect . feels great , doesn't feel greasy . feels natural . love it . i highly recommend .
this acetone-free nail polish remover smells nice and takes the polish off very well . what more is there to say ?
these are really good quality , they last long on your nails and the designs are cute . great deal for the money
i use this stuff and really nothing else . prevents me from breaking out and keeps me moisturized . can't recommend it more .
non-greasy , no perfumy odor , works well . what more is there to say ? this is my third bottle !
she really likes it . said its better than roc pore cleanser . so would give it a recommendation based on that .
i have sooo many ideas for these ! everyone wants me to work on their nails ! thank you ! they are very beautiful ! ! !
pleasant smell . i have this scent , my friend loves it so she's getting a bottle for christmas . excellent buy .
very nice we love this perfume.long lasting , good smell and we are regularly buyer of auric blends products . - hp
i love this color ! it's the perfect nude ! it goes on nicely , lasts , and looks great ! i would definitely buy this again !
it is effective for acnes since it contains sulfur . i've been using this for years .
very usefuluse it in the night with a lot will work wellgood production and i got it on time
great eyeliner . stays put , doesn't make my eyes burn , and is a nice deep color . i would recommend to others .
looks awesome on pedicure ! ! ! excellent price , too ! ! the service was excellent and the pricing was excellent . i would buy from again !
the product gave me a rash . i hate that i paid all of that money for this product and now i can't use it .
comparable to desitin , but a bit pricier . since we go through so much diaper creme , i think i'll return to my old brand .
one of the best flat irons in the world . it is a great price and works very well . i use it regularly .
love the color ! it's just as pictured .. a pretty pink with glitter . goes on very nicely in two thin coats . easy to put on .
easy to apply and good quality , stays on for most of day , this is a good product . i will order again .
this was well worth it as i bought many nail stamping plates so i needed a safe place to keep them all organized .
love love love it . last me a looooong time , so reasonable priced , skin feels great after using it . highly recommend .
it's creamy and softens skin but the price for such a little tube ? egad !
strongly recommended . you will not regret about it . just buy and realize how true i am . it is worth buying .
pretty color , i love it ! it dries very matte so it needs a clear top coat to make it shiny .
this is a great product , the scent does bother me a bit , but i am very sensitive to everything . this works great and rinses out easily .
takes 3 coats but this color is awesome , get tons of compliments on it whenever i wear it . chips a bit easily though
this soap is pure , organic , lathers luxuriously , and is an excellent value in this size option--i have been using it for many years .
not that great for me , i liked the jasmine and rose fragrance from the same brand , but this one isn't that great .
although this mascara worked rather well , i prefer the end results of a more expensive product i've used for years .
great color ; my daughter could not find it in the stores and we both wanted it ; so happy we found it online and at such a good price
i bought this based on the reviews . i have fine , dry hair and for me , i didn't see or feel a difference .
i noticed positive changes after only the first few uses . my scalp is no longer dry and my hair is softer and even seems stronger :)
this color is great for leaving summer behind and going into fall . it has really helped me in prepping for the cooler fall weather .
these leave in conditioner works well as a detangler and de frizzer . great for all hair types . i can't style my hair without it .
this is not your ordinary nail polish . the look is really beautiful . it is a good , high quality polish.glad to find on a .
terrific perfume ! is one of three or four scents that i always wear . is a tried and true classic for me . will always wear it !
love the awesome matte finish paired with a shiny black tip.totally thinking this is my new favorite choice of color
i love this soap and am going to continue to use it . next time i'm going to order a larger pack
used the oil on my skin and hair .. lobe how it feels on my feet as well .. a good do it yourself spa treatments at home .
these are great for sensitive skin and you really can't beat the price because they are double that in the store .
brush is so soft on the face .. and it really cleans . it is good for circulation and will keep skin healthy looking
i didn't care for this . it doesn't make your skin break out but it really didn't work for wrinkles . spend your money on something better .
this my first time buying this product so i hope it work just like they talk about it and gave it a five rating so it must be good
love this product - - have been using it for years . love the convenience of a 3 - pack . keeps eyes moisturized overnight .
great product , my skin never felt so soft . first time i ever bought a face mask and i love it .
a fine product to help a bit in controlling acne . works fine for controlling back acne . not too harsh , but can make skin dry .
goes on smooth and perfect color . just what i was looking for . also good pricing and lots of other colors .
i love this product . i work with a lot of allergies and can use this product . it is also good for burns i have found .
i like these because they have firm bristles which allow for easy application , even on the stickiest lip gloss . good value too .
this iteam is greate i really like it but i really thought the bun it make would be a lot bigger
makes it easy to clean out your pores before scrubbing , but it can harm your skin if you dig too much , so be gentle !
will get rid of redness within a few hours . doesn't always get rid of the acne but always tones down the redness .
i do wish they were a little bit cheaper , but they are great quality and can be used multiple times .
another excellent case from shany . i am never disappointed with their products . super durable and allows you to easily organize your products !
this is the cheapest and best argan oil for curly natural afro hair right now . it works wonderfully as a sealer . i definitely recommend it .
the product does not make my skin dry . i just like it . might order again once i finish the cleanser .
this works really good to dry your hair when coming out of the shower or just when you don't feel like styling it .
gives great color , perfect for sensitive or acne prone skin , and the skin care is awesome . my favorite face tanning lotion !
great roller doesn't hurt like the others and made my skin look great after just a few rolls
this is extreme pink ! it does cancel out if you have any dark spots . you only need the tiniest pump for a spot !
nice , but buily-up-y . not sure if anything at this price point will not be . again great line , no animal testing and decent ingredients .
i think it is reducing the appearance of my stretch marks and c section scar . we'll see how it goes
it wasn't made very well . and i haven't even worn it yet , and it's coming apart . i wouldn't buy this if you want a quality one
i used for more than 3 months and i didn't see any difference at all .
this color is gorgeous ! so sparkly and so blue . i will definitely order this one again . very summery ! lasts well , too .
i only use bare minerals as recommended by mydermatologist . great for sensitive skin andmcs sufferers . would buy again .
this smells wonderful . it goes on smoothly and dries quickly . it is very moisturizing without being greasy or sticky . highly recommend .
i just got this mascara its great , it crushes well the clump looks very natural good color , great product would recommend to everyone
these r some of thee best brushes i use for multi usage . more focusing on acrylic paints and nail designs
i think this does help i dont know if i saw crazy results right away though , but it did help my nails become stronger
easy to use and does the job . i've used l'oreal excellence for some time and keep will continue to use it .
i use this every time i paint my nails , i usually make a mess and this helps me clean it up
i have to really rub to get my makeup off with these . takes twice as long as usual and still doesn't get eyeliner off completely . don't like .
the elastic of this one it's just perfect for me , cause it's not so tight and it feels comfortable ! it's gold like color !
this product made my hair shine but it smells sort of manly and is a bit sticky for my taste .
feels good on the scalp but may be too harsh in the long run .
good basic skin care serum , at a steal of a price . i may order a few more , wonderful ingredients makes skin feel so good !
kuumba , you really do make the best scented roll on oils that i have ever found , this egyptian musk is quite unique
tresemme climate control conditioner , 32 ounce is great on a subscription . i love the way this one works so well .
i loved the fact that this is spf 30 for anytime wear , but the cost is a little steep for the benefits of this cream .
i take this to my nail salon and it looks beautiful on but i suggest having them put on three coats to get the color as shown
love this neutral . it is very light and natural and goes great with everything . i put black and brown leopard over it and its gorgeous !
this body wash is very relaxing in the shower after a long day . i have been sleeping a lot more sound as well
this is good quality shea butter . my favorite is from lotion makers but this is just as good . will buy again
you can use a small amount great holding and dries quickly . easy to remove with eye makeup remover , easy to apply .
they are very nice , they are a little long but they are still good ! they are a little thin than i thought they'd be .
versatile over all polishes . extends manicure over chipped polish , quick fix in a pinch & looks awesome doing it ! love the kb shimmers !
very hydrating lipstick . love the color , but the lasting power is not something to be envied . great lipstick for the drier months
great product and 100 % good quality super exfolianti mix this powder with neutrogena cream and make a softexfoliant make my skin feel and look soft and fresh
i think it is good , smell very nice and feel cool when apply it on face . but seems can't stop break up when it occur .
love this product . like that it is a spray instead on blotting on skin with a cotton ball . leaves skin feeling clean & smooth .
shany lipsticks are amazing ! they are sooo freakin pigmented ! i love them and they are really really moisturizing ! i highly recommend getting these !
macadamia combi bought a comb with macadamia oil for my daughter.she has fine thin hair.this products works great . i think this is a totally awesome product .
this product did absolutely nothing that it said it would . don't waste your money .
feels softer after a few uses . nice product . i really don't like the sent , but i like the product . over all i would purchase again .
love it will always order . this is my favorite scent . strong but soft , and last a long time , i'm happy with this purchase .
good product , hydrating and easy on my sensitive skin . i like the package and it does not open even when it's shoved in my back pack .
i use this everyday when i do my eyebrows and i've had zero complaints . my eyebrows stay in place all day with no smudging .
i use to struggle to make dots on my nail designs , but now it's a lot whole easier to do . love it love it ! !
no poo , one condition , then the stylin cream . this trio has transformed my curls into something i love to show off now !
this is the best retinol you can buy online without a prescription . easily absorbed gel-like consistency . yes , i would recommend it ! !
it is very light feeling , won't ever feel harsh on your skin , but it also feels like you are getting clean as well .
my favorite skin cleanser.ive used this as a teenager and in now almost fifty and still use this as a daily skincare item .
i love this mirror . it is so useful for applying makeup and lets you see very detailed images especially on the magnified side .
i am very light skinned so maybe me but i really did not like the consistency after it had dried and it flakes .
i have very dry fingers and this has helped them in 2 days so i would buy it again it is a very good product
doesn't seem to remove shellac any faster than plain regular polish remover that has conditioners in it . this is a lot of product to use up for one individual
great variety . i love to see the looks on my clients face after i pull these babies out . they're like wow look at all the colors lol
so far so gd i can feel wut is n tis slim extreme i hope it wrks az gd az it feels i like a lot thanx
this nail art is too big for my nail bed . i used nail glue to apply them but the bows are flat and too large .
top coat doesn't really help keep nail polish colors stay longer . for the price i expected more . would not buy again .
this product was recommended and it worked well ; however i found out that a simple bottle of apple cider vinegar does the same thing for much less money .
the socks are great . the ad seems as if there are two pairs , but they are only one.the booties themselves fit nicely ,
like natural lip color with flare and lots and lots of shine . it's not too sticky , like other brands . :)
i allways look this brand of eyeshadows , the color is also nice , not shining , just the color for the ones likes that way .
i love this cleanser . it has the menthol feeling that i like and i can feel that it cleaned my face without stripping it .
this is the typical bond i have used for years but i recently found one on amazon that last longer and adhears better .. duo cannot compare to it .
you can never go wrong with the classics ! when used properly it works really well and takes care of frizz .
i absolutely love these dotting tools . it create a flawless and beautiful design onto the nail . i can not live without them .
this works great for my daughters long hair that is so hard to care for . i like the scent too . way to go dove .
love it last all day ... you only need a little can be used as a eyeshawdow as well and lipstain
very cute . i like all the colors , they look good on my nails . i pick them up with my white rhinestone pen .
i tried several foundations but i like this one very much.for more than 2 years i m using this foundation of maybelline .
i am happy with my purchase . it is quite a lot product for a good price and smell very good .
love this one too as well , great old timer on the market . try this frangrance i think most will love it as well
these are great for the $ $ . as others have commented it's not 10 different sized " dots " but for the money you cannot beat it
its okay . i thought it would be better than stuff you and buy at walmart but i honestly didn't notice any difference .
easier to use than cotton balls , these cotton squares seem to work well removing nail polish and make-up . i also use themn to clean keyboards and cameras .
this product looks great , but since i have not used it yet , i can only guess at its ease of use .
i really like this clip . it seems to be made well and looks great in my hair.sincerely , mrs . rick
this stuff works extremely well but this is extremely overpriced . i got 10oz on ebay for $ 8 and it is completely identical to this 6oz jar .
by any means but this brush does the job . i watched a demo video on maybelline's website and decided to try it . glad i did .
i love the way these cleansing cloths feel . they are soft and they take off my makeup with ease . i'll certainly buy these again !
i use this wash a lot and to get these at this price is good and doesn't dry out your skin .
this product has made my hair thicker , it sure does make it look fuller and healthier . smells very nice.would recommend it to all people of thinning hair .
this makes me want to take a trip to hawaii so cute the little pineapple design and hibiscus flower .
this works and smell great . i love the two and one . the alpine fresh is a great clean scent . i really recommend this .
today was the first time i used this shampoo and conditioner since they came in today :-) smells good , hope i get long long long hair soon :-)
the extension isn't thick and the color was a little off . it is very hard to comb as well . you get what you pay for
perfect for holding cotton rounds , easy to access when needed without fumbling with plastic bags . looks nice on counter , too .
i love this top coat . it does what it say and cures really fast . plus it shipped and delivered same week .
goes on easily , no streaking , definitely requires 3 coats to get the full effect of the color . super feminine , love opi
a nice nail art assortment . i got it for a gift , but ' she ' seems to like it a lotl . no complaints .
these are just too cute and easy to apply . i love butterflies and all the bright colors . purchased a couple of these .
super awesome i love these super durable thick makeup wipes i put tons of makeup and it simply wipes it off love it a 10
several tools for all needs great case to keep them all separated and easy to pick from . fit well in my drill
i use this before my anti aging cream in the two combined work like perfection . now i just need to get a really good face wash
i love this product line and will order form them for forever ! just give it an honest try and it will win you over !
love that i can get a lot of these for such a cheap price . they come in many colors and individual packages . definitely recommend these toe seperators .
i have relatively long hair ( up to my shoulders ) and this brush won't go through my hair . otherwise , very good quality and construction .
the price of a mat lipstick is also cheap at one splendid in japan which is , and it is easy to put it on with a pencil form .
it is all right if you sift it a few times , but it isn't as blendable as per say henna hut in brown !
make the lines under my eyes even worse . wont ever buy again . beware its a waste of money . dont waste ur money
love this soap . it laters really well , and makes my skin super soft . because it is all natural , i will continue to use it .
i bought this palette just because of some youtube makeup sensation was using it , i think it's an additional collection for my makeups . good colors
seems to soften the skin but i'm not surprised because it contains glycerin . as for the claims to provide collagen topically . i don't think so .
this cold dry winter this along with moisturizer works great to keep your skin from drying outcould not be without it .
lots of brushes in a nice little soft vinyl roll-up kit that ties . the brushes aren't phenomenal quality , but they're pretty nice for the amazing price .
goes on silky smooth ! feels great , and i got darker after only 1 visit ! ! ! i'm hooked
this stuff is amazing does not chip and lasts for 2 weeks . this will always be a staple for me .
the metallic shades in this kit are gorgeous i'm excited for all the pretty looks to be made ! and the kit definitely gives off a professional vibe
at least not for me . burn my eyes , dry my skin and i still broke out . what the freak man ?
such a good scent and everyone around me likes that scent . i would recommend it for sure and i think calvin klein makes very good colones
love them . thanks . i already used them and they look good ! i like the choices available to me in one little reel
haven't been able to tell a huge difference after using this product , feels nice on my skin but has a very weird smell .
there's a reason that this has been in production for decades . even master french perfumers acknowledge this as the standard for lily of the valley scents .
i was not very impressed with these derma gen anti-wrinkle patches . they are just paper . frownies makes a better product .
i have thick hair and it works great . makes hair soft and shiny . if you use too much it will make your hair look flat .
awesome product . we have long , thick hair and this helps us dry and style and get rid of the frizzies pretty quickly too .
these are so cute . they made sure i didn't get the same one twice . easy to slice to the size i want them .
serves the purpose and extremely easy to apply .. 5 sprays for mid length hair is just fine , should last for atleast 30 sessions .
i use this soap at the bathroom sink and the ingredients seem to be very good and it lasts quite a while , as well .
i love how this includes different options and ways to cover what you need to . i love it and will buy again
oh my god i've been wanting this palette for so long ! bright colors , amazing pigmentation , perfect !
this works like plain old shampoo . nothing special to it . my " old " hair has not been rejuvenated . not worth the high price .
just as you would expect from opi ... a vibant color ! with a little shimmer ! one of my favorite colors from opi so far .
i used to have one before that a lot more better than this one . this is so plimsy . i will not order it again .
this is the only thing that cleared up my daughter's 2 month long diaper rash . i love how it's organic & safe .
this combined with the colorstay makes my perfect shade ! no one can tell i'm wearing foundation when i have this on !
love the size and thickness of this item for my hair as someone with very thick hair . indeed keeps my hair up .
lovely product glides on the skin like silk.non greasy make skin feel and look naturally with less appearance of fine lines
this product goes on smooth , dark and very pretty . i'm glad i ordered two of these . i can see myself ordering this again .
i've used them everyday since they got here and utube has a video on how to use them . lots of compliments !
this are big full lashes so not good for everyday wear . i did like the different styles but beware , you will not have the natural look .
i have some of these already but they are smaller . i didn't realize they would be this big and frankly they are just to big .
also reveiwed the rose toner . this stuff helped me get thru a nasty skin infection i picked up in basic training with no scars . wonderful .
this cuticule remover ir really good . is very liquid so i use with a cotton ball but is awesome and do what is supposed .
arrived working fine . i haven't used it yet but i am familiar with the brand so i know it going to work well . super fast shipping
i didn't realize this would be a little too light for my complexion . i still use it once in a while . priced right
i like this - as it has been running out i'm trying the yes to blueberries shampoo / conditioner . decent shampoo / conditioner for the price .
my hair got so fried when i decided to add color to it . i really did major damages and this product saved me .
if you have oily skin , this foundation is less oily than most and helps keep the oil shine to a minimum .
i love this top coat works great looks shiny on your nails got here quick and i would definitely recommend
this dryer is : clumsy , clumsy attachements , i don't like the gold paint , it's hard to hold , i never use it .
the name strawberry milk really describes it ... well it does if you make your strawberry mix with quick powder and always add an extra scoop or 2 or 3
this plate has some really cute designs on them . it allows me to be creative with my natural nails . i would recommend this product to all ages .
i bought this to try and honestly love it . will most definitely be trying other brushes in the range when it's time to replace existing ones .
i will gladly order again . although , it seems to last a long time . i am very happy . very reasonable deal ! !
this is one of my favorite beauty products . i use it every other night . makes my skin look and feel amazing .
i love how the colors are vibrant and go on easy . this is my go to palette every time i put on my make up .
i am 51 and still get breakouts . the obagi system helps them clear up faster and my skin is smoother and brighter
excellent for french manicures . it's essie brand , which is a good brand . for a minute all i bought was essie brand .
got this for my daughter a long with the body wash . she just loves it . great product and nice scent .
yes , i'm a cheap , lazy twenty-something woman . i like smelling like berries and i like only having one bottle in my shower . this works perfectly .
this is one of the best enzyme masks i've had . i highly recommend . it really helps exfoliate without irritation . it feels great on too .
with a set of 10 i was able to give half to my daughter and still had plenty for myself . fun and easy to use .
i tried the semi dye , color only lasted 2 weeks . so is this a permanent dye ? how long does it last ?
perfect for cute hair styles on little girls . extremely easy to use . haven't used the big one much , but it's still nice to have .
my clients have enjoyed these , they are really tiny but a great price to add to my nail art collection for my clients .
it is very small and the lid just turns , it dosnt actually come off , so they are very hard to work with .
if you want to get tan fast , you have to buy this lotion ! no streaking ! love this stuff ! it's absolutely amazing .
i use it right after i take a bath it smells wonderful .. very happy with it will definately buy it again
absolutely love it before drying my hair give volume and helps with frizzes , need to spray more where the frizzes normally are .
i bought this as a gift and the recipient loved it very much . very beautiful and sparkly . i'm thinking about buying a bottle for myself .
all natural so no toxins ! love how it makes my dry hair feel after using it . use it with the matching shampoo too .
not oily for a thick cream , it might sting if it gets to the eye . face is soft after 2 days
best stamper easy to use and easy to clean and sanitize between each use because it comes apart . only stamper and scraper i would use !
i like this product . i'm ready to do my nails and use this product . so much variety to work with .
i just used a dab to cover a zit at night and by morning , the zit is either gone or noticeably on its way .
this is a cute little set with all different sizes for dotting . easy to clean . inexpensive , good buy . . .
i love that it came with so many different colors , only downside is that it takes forever to get to you .
i'm always looking for inexpensive quality skin care , hard to find . i really like these , so much so that i gave some to my daughter .
one of my favorite scents , smells so good . bought for a friend of mine and she loved it as well :d
this keeps the frizz down to tame my hair enough to make it look awesome.but also gives it that sleek pushed back look . great product
i had high hopes for this product but it did absolutely nothing for my skin , i didn't see any difference .. very disappointed .
this arrived quite early and is a nice quality piece for your hair . a fair size and appears that it will last . i would recommend this purchase .
excellent product . works perfectly . every nail polish i have becomes matte in several seconds . that's wonderful . i would recommend this to everyone .
absolutely love this bow . it's so perfectly adorable . i wear mine all the time . i would recommend buying this it's perfect .
i sent back to big it was to big for me to use . thats it nothing else to say done .
love it ! ! one of my favorite flat irons ! leaves my hair very smooth ! would highly recommend for anyone looking for a new flay iron !
they are awesome ! they work great ! ! i have used all sizes in in each nail design and it looks awesome !
i liked this product but now i replaced the scraper with old credit card as it was scratching my plates .
these are pretty lashes . i liked them . they didn't look how i thought they would look , but they are pretty .
you will get a funny texture but it works wonders on flat hair . you wont have to tease any more
great clippers , really easy to use , good quality , and the price is so great . i would recommend if you are looking for sq nail tips .
hair ! it loves this product so make sure you get it for it . only give your hair the best of the best .
use this kit with the metal plates to create endless nail looks . you will never get bored when you combine this with shany's plate selection !
i ordered as an experiment to see if this product would work with sensationails . it did ! no problems or reactions .
this is a different texture to have on your nails.it gives it the shattered look.an idea nail polish that gives your nails that extra glow
these are so beautifulgood price and so cute with my toei love it ! ! ! and enough to keep it thosegood
i like it a lot . covers my dark circle , which i've always had problem with . does lighten up my face too . great product .
this sponge doesn't last long . it's a good thing they come in a 4 pack , since i'll need to be replacing it often .
bad package one of the colors was open and the glitter fell inside the box the colors were pretty .
when i wrap my hair around the product it just tries to slide down and off the wand . it's difficult to maneuver . i would not buy again .
this has great really small granuals which i like but the cream is a bit too liquidy for me . i would prefer a thicker formula .
this powder smells really nice . i like the natural color . i have ivory to light-beige skin depending on the season , and it fits nicely .
these work great and you get plenty to use for hair cutting or coloring or even to do different hairstyles .
i bought this for my daughter and she likes it . i like the fact its nature and she can use it on her sensitive skin .
produt okay , but the are not 3000 like they say , i counted then 1300
fancy is one of my favorite celebrity scents , and this set was very economical . it would make a welcome gift for any fancy-lover you know .
i really shouldn't complain for what i paid for this . it's pretty , it holds well and its is a pretty color .
make my dry hair feel smooth and silky the package came very fast and pack well done .. i will be buying this again
don't worry , its not cheap metal and its a good size :) but it has yet to work ... am i doing this wrong ?
this stuff did not work for me at all . i read some really good reviews of it , but i was completely disappointed .
these clips come in handy but i should have purchased a larger size . these clips are strong but can't support large sections of hair .
i wanted one convenient place to store all my konad plates . thanks to the reviewers who mentioned that they fit in this case : )
the stamping from this plate is very crisp and clear once you know what you are doing , they look beautiful , i will definitely recommend them
great pigmentation , great fix , great color . i'm in love with this powder blush . ( i got the pinched color ) i'm buying it again .
the product arrived on time and as described . very happy with the service ; i bougth it for a friend and she would recommend it over and over .
my eyes get very tired from working in front of a computer all day , and this is just perfect at the end of the day .
these rods are sturdy and are of good quality . i know first hand because i actually own a set that are inferior to these diane brand .
this is probably my favorite of my husband's colognes . it is the perfect combination of manly and musky and fresh . plus , so inexpensive !
i've used this product before and i like it cause it has a strengthener which i need for my nails .
the color are very nice and bright.the mirror is convenient.the pigment is great.you can go from day to night with this palette .
romaine is super expensive ! this is a great deal for this product ! my husband was really surprised on the money we saved by getting the 3 pack !
love it a very good selection . sooo recommend . you can do lots of neat designs i'm totally pleaded with this purchase
awesome ! ! i can feel the heat upto my scalp not like before im only using a ordinary shower cap and the price is great !
the greatest top coat ! this glides on smooth , it doesn't pick up the color of the nail polish underneath and dried quickly !
this is a beautiful headband . i thought i would have to be extremely gentle with it , but it is made of strong materials and assemble nicely .
works really well on my natural afro textured hair . makes my hair soft and smells amazing , i do recommend to everyone
i love this polish ~ ~ ! ! ! it is really shiney and really pigmented even on one coat . it's much better than the 2012 collection .
i thought it would look better though . to finish the bottle , i mostly use it on my fourth finger . i wouldn't purchase it again .
i use this on my clients when i do a rose themed facial and they love it . i love the results too .
i love this product ! i have tried many generic products and by far the best i've tried yet . leaves hair soft , hydrated and smelling good .
this is one of the best products i've ever used.noticeable results in a week . you will love it . i definitely recommend it .
effective for control of acne . maintains clear the skin from pimples . highly recommended for teenagers . but shuold be used every day
i highly recommend this product to everyone bc it has so many uses . this was well worth the money spent .
works great , easy to clean . just as described . client thought it was comfy and i would highly recommend this product
most of them feel fake and plastic , out of the entire box , i was only able to use about 4 pair . too sad , very disappointed
much like the zebra one , it's perfect for freelance makeup artists who may not want such a bold print on their trolley .
i love love love this soap for my excema-sensitive babies . it is perfect and gentle for them and doesn't cause any rashes or itching .
i really love this stuff . it smells amazing and lasts a really long time . i find that it doesn't irritate my allergies either .
i don't really like the smell of it , but it really moisturizes your face though . i use it before i apply my makeup .
the ridges are so far apart , i feel like it's impossible to file anything properly .
this is a very reasonably priced conditioner that does help my dry frizzy curls for a fraction of some the salon brands , i will continue to use it !
perfect colors and sizes to carry this summer . they're sheer but with enough color to give a hint of pink , red or coral to your lips !
my wig stays on it without pins . it is easy to store and use . would recommend this to anyone who has wigs .
but not as vibrant as i had hoped . usual maybelline quality . i prefer essie and will stick with it or sally hansen .
i soooo love this primer it gives me that's silky look when i apply it under my powder . i av purchased it twice and i will keep buying.its wonderful
was pleasantly surprised how these work for as cheap as they were . great for practicing nail art . getting better with them everyday !
this is a great product . use as base coat and top coat . no need to buy two products . it works very well .
i love the brush on this mascara , it keeps the lashes separate . it does not clump like the last mascara i bought .
i didn't care for this gloss . the color is nice and the texture . but once it's on , it feels sticky .
cheap priced but alright quality . if you are thinking about buying it , just do it , good buy for the price and descnt quality .
these were horrible to try and use , i will not be buying these again other people might like them but i don't .
got one of these for myself and the boyfriend . we both love it . the bristles are just rigid enough and the grip is just the right size .
am no profecional but love this brushes great price and arived just as promissed , great for learning how to do nails on my own ..
was just what i wanted to help me do my own nails . they are easy to use and look great on my nails .
this container keeps all the stones separate and stays closed even when getting tossed around . the color variety is good . exactly as pictured .
the name is fitting .. makeup miser . it really helps you get the last drop of lotion out . the different sizes are quite good .
find this kind of colors is really hard , it is difficult to find a really porcelan or ivory color that fits well and don't make me orange .
purchased this item a thought i was getting a deal but guess not . did not receive it . kinda disappointed . oh well
another haircare product that has none of the powerful hold that the label implies , and it doesn't come cheap . what a great scam , haircare products are .
this curling iron is easy on my hair , and tourmaline coating protects my hair from damage . i love this item and have them in different sizes .
product would be a great product except for the fact that it leaves a black residue when you use it .
love this product . creamy dark black , super easy to apply and lasts all day . seems like a higher quality . of course , the are discontinuing .
feels good to your face silkly color to put on your face pretty colors . look natural silkly and smooth cream feeling
the oil is pigmented and few drops is enough . definitely recommend it for beauty purpose . a little goes a long way !
its not very easy to use . but it came on time . and it is what i ordered . just make sure you practice a lot .
this is the best at removing mascara / coverup makeup . not oily at all and does'nt irritate the eyes . that's important because i wear contacts !
on darker skin , this comes off like fingers dipped in pepto bismol . i'm still on the hunt for an attractive , complimentary shade for dark skin .
you get alot for the price ! and its the same exact thing you would by from proactiv ! its great ! recommend
i really like this product . i rub it through my hair and it leaves my hair silky and shiny . good stuff !
i like this color on my nails . this color compliments my skin color and it goes with almost every outfit .
i have been using different hair gel product but this one has made me throw away the other . i just like everything about it .
this skin scrub is great for oily skin . gentle exfoliation that does not dry out the skin . great for bi-weekly use .
x x x does what it should . x x x x x x x x x x x x d
love this product , it is very effective by itself or mixed with a cleanser . does a great job exfoliating skin
i have been using this for a couple weeks now and can already tell a difference in the look and feel of my skin . highly recommend !
it has a lovely scent . i will order again . i have not used it long enough to notice a difference though
i find these dotting tools great with a good variety but just like everyone else said , some of the points are the same size .
i think these are cool because they make your nails look awesome even if have no skill the only problem i have is well nothing
i use it for frensh manicure , the white isn't too white but if you apply it twice it should look whiter
this product is true to it's name , " super rich " , it is thick and rich . i use it both day and night .
not sure if it actually helps with your cuticle , but it smells nice and it's not greasy at all . nice !
i didnt bother sending this back because it was inexpensive . but right out of the box it didnt work . didnt spray one bit .
i liked , but i think the applier could've been more firm . the color and the lasting is really great tho .
nice brushes , although just a bit stingy in size . appear to be well made and look as though they will hold up well with use .
have been using for a long time , came highly recommended by my doctor of 13 years . do not hesitate to purchase is excellent for your skin .
this was a fantastic deal . i bought several as stocking stuffers and they worked just as i had expected . a + + +
blended it with my warm beige since my skin isn't really tan . will probably use golden tan by itself later this summer .
i have nothing bad to say about this product at all i love the colors and the rhinestones i use them for nail designs
love the pale colors , love the size , love the price . what else can you say about bath sponges ?
i got this for a wedding party i was doing , the bride's makeup stayed on beautifully all night ! it's wonderful !
we took these masks to china but we never needed them there . the weather was fine and we didn't need to take them .
messystains towelsmore ends up on shower floor getting it from hand , to getting it to your head . slippery.bottle design suckswont buy again
this queen's beauty cream is a wonderful nourishment for a face that is in need of mousture , without causing any blemishes to appear .
yay got them yesterday in the mail haven't used them yet so assuming so far so good on them . good buy
there was basically 4 size points and the rest were completely the same sizes , but i guess it's fine considering the price of it
too bad bath & body works doesn't sell this lotion anymore . it is one of my favorites . it smells soooooo good .
works as a nice shiny gloss alone , or under the aquarella polishes as a smooth base . i like it a lot !
bought this for the manicure and pedicure shellac start process . it seems as the bottle will last a little longer than a polish remover bottle would have lasted .
this opi color is really great and subtle for summer wear . this is great polish that is well worth the price .
highly recommend this serum . i love how it feels on my skin , especially after the microdermabrasion & peel system . i think you will too .
i've had no flaking or smudging problems with this mascara . it makes my lashes look long and beautiful . no clumping either ! definite favorite !
great to prevent sun burn and also if you have already been burned . it feels super good on my burn .
tried this shampoo , and it is very moisturizing and great for all hair . it worked very well on my daughter's curly hair . love it !
what a wonderfully deeply rich with tones and hues of a fine color this is.the shade is revielled with a thick coat all it the first appilication .
my lashes do look thicker and longer . i like this product and would recommend it . i will be buying this item again
love this product , it's great for your skin it tightens the skin and keeps it soft too you should try it .
i got the gems today and they came early i have worn these all day and they are still on i will recommend and order again
this product is very good . i used it and took the black heads off my nose .. good product i give it 4 stars
finally a different perfume that i love , i always tend to wear the same one , this is perfect ! thanks marc jacobs
i have gerd and even though i'm on a proton inhibitor , it still bothered me . it might be ok for others but not for me .
this powder filled in my brows nicely . the only problem i had was using the wax . but over all i like it and would order again .
these brushes are amazing and great price ! i have almost the whole set and they work really well with powder or cream .
this serum is wonderful . i use it along with phytoceramides . obsorbs well into skin . really works to reduce fine lines and wrinkles .
a little goes a long way . i use this when my hair is almost dry and keeps it super soft all day .
you will at least notice that you used a straightener product with thus , and it smells nice . although still had fussy ends after blow drying with product .
i bought these to remove makeup but found they were really rough for under the eyes . i threw them out , would not recommend to anyone .
gave as a gift , she loved it , says it was great quality , thanks
i love this kit the compartments are nearly neverending lol . this has everything in it you need to look your best .
i do not like this product has a lot of glitter to it and makes my skin feel weird it is just sitting on my bathroom counter waiste of money
i love this color . is good for fall ! also good formulai would recommend but not for the price !
this is a nice clean & refreshing smell of coconut & orchid extract . the density is fine . it serves its purpose
i love gems and i couldn't hesitate on these .. very cute colors and the set comes with black gems too ... <3
this cream is good , the effect is very good . during the day , wash facial very lubrication . and very durable , after will consider getting .
this scent is timeless . its soft , sweet and long lasting . each time i wear this , people ask me what i'm wearing !
tried this as soon as i received it and it was very sharp and cut right through the acrillic nails and did not leave a rough edge .
keeps my skin very soft and really does a good job protection my skin after tanning , it's perfect for dry skin .
these clips are not the best . it didn't even snap when i tried to use it :/ i'm gonna try another product and hopefully that works out better .
same thing compared to clareisonic brushes , but at a reasonably good price , i will bye again if availability continues , i highly recommend this item . :-)
this is the best top coat i have ever used . polish stays on twice as long . i will never use any other top coat again
i use pantene volume and can't say i can tell much difference between that shampoo and this . love this brand's hair spray but i wouldn't repurchase this .
the product is good but it is so close to red i was disappointed . it does not look like the picture ! !
my daughter was so happy to see so many designs and the multiple sheets in each one .
bought 14oz bar at walmarts for . 97 cents . softer than fels naptha and has a pleasant fragrance . wish i had heard of this product earlier .
waste of money , when my daughter try to use it , the light never came on . we had to trow it away .
this is the best perfume ever i absolutly love it ! it has a sweet and sexy smell and my boyfriend loves it !
i have heard a lot of amazing things about this powder , but i didnt liked it that much , i will use it but wont repurchase
i like the stain itself , but the balm stick was broken when i got it . the color is very nice .
when i apply the intensive hair treatment , i leave it in my hair without rinsing . i love how soft it makes hair .
this product did not work as well as i expected . neutrogena makes excellent products , but i feel slightly disappointed in this one .
this perfume never goes outta style ! i been wearing it for 4yrs ! it is always a huge hit ! my favorite always .
i use marocan oil line it's expensive but i like smell and shine after my hair have i have 1 butle for 1 year will buy
it's great for making flowers or just adding polka dots to a manicure . it comes out perfect every time . super easy to use .
this really find nothing but dry out my skin . no bronzing effect . it does have sn odor , not as bad as others though .
this gelish nail polish really works what is needed to do is to exactly known how to applied it to be perfect .
love love love this eyeliner . it's so easy to apply and don't run even when you sweat . makes a really defined line , awesome ! highly recommended !
this works so well as an eyeshadow base and under my eyes ! i would order more of this ! it moisturizes and conceals very well !
this sunscreen lotion is very good and low price . i bought it twice ago . i recommend and i will buy more .
it works well . the scent is like a fruit past it's prime by a day or two it is not offensive or intolerable .
great smell , texture . cleases and moisturizes in one easy step . even makes an ok shampoo ! gentle and pleasant to use .
but for my hair which is long and wavy it feels like its coating it and not penetrating the hair shaft
i cannot comment much on the difference this product made since i use it in conjunction with a concoction of natural products , but i had no adverse reactions .
this stuff works and smells really good . lathers well . good for frequent use . they give you a good amount too . i would buy again .
i just brought this acrylic becuase i like to do my nails , i have this product for almost 3 moths and and is alot yet .
i love using this after my shower . i put a small amount on my damp hair and it stayed smooth all day without that greasy feeling .
this fragrance hit me strong at first and then slowly settled down , you can't go wrong with the price or the timing in which it arrives
i bought this thinking it would work better than my old one . i was wrong . it is really hard to get it to curl your eyelashes .
love this lipstick . the color is very versatile and stays put forever . would definitely buy again and recommend.not sticky and annoying , either . very comfortable
i do enjoy the scent , but i couldn't even smell it 30 minutes after application . this kind of defeats the purpose of applying a scent at all .
this mask is wonderful . definitely use it with the macadamia shampoo they work in conjuction with each other you will get the best results that way .
a littel more complicated to create than what i thought - i find a sock bun easier but my sister loves it so i gave it to her
i bought this to use on black hair . it turned out good but u need someone to do it for u .
i like this primer but i think the pearl looks kinda white at least on me . i wish it had a little brush with it .
this product makes my face feel so smooth , getting the top layer of dead skin off . i use it every 3 days , at night before bed .
so these came yesterday and they are to die for like omg i was so happy when i saw they had came and how fast they had arrived
it didn't work for me , i'm almost done with the bottle but i didn't see any difference !
i love this product , the brushes aren't as soft but they aren't that bad either . the price was phenomenal . cant complaint
i can't get the powder to trickle down into the brush . i'm not sure if it's something i'm doing wrong or if it's the applicator .
these are perfect for removing my opi gelcolor mani ! 15min and some heat and its all off ! i can even apply these by myself !
pantene ice shine silicone free shampoothis is a wonderful shampoomy hair looks and feels healthier.it feels soft and looks shiner
what are you going to say about orange sticks ? i use them for what i want . the product is as advertised
love this stuff . needed a really good makeup cleaner because all my brushes are white with pink . it takes a little time , but gets them clean .
i used it for anal bleaching and it burned a bit there are no directions on it about time and how long to wear it
good cheekys plates ... muy bueno me encantaron los plate y yegaron muy rapido antes de la fecha de envio ya creo q voy a compra mas de esta compania
they are okay ... pulled out my dogs hair alittle .. can't use on long hair .. now i keep her hair short so i can use them ..
opi is just about the best nail polish around . i found these a great value since i do go through so much base coat and top coat .
exquisite fragrance is fresh , citrusy , aroma is very sensual , awakens the senses , has a romantic touch . totally recommend the purchase .
great product ! dries fast and helps dry first color coat too ! polish last longer using orly bonder , highly recommend this product !
loved the coler hate the product . it doesnt last at all and then in one hour it leaves your lips dry and cakey !
this is a good product . is what i ordered . great value for price . assorted colors seperated by compartments keeps them in order .
this is one of the best b complexes i've ever purchased and the price is good too . i put this on auto-ship
smells good enough to eat and leaves skin smooth and free of dimples . fight the war against cellulite with diva stuff !
my teenage son's first cologne . he likes it , it is a clean and nice masculine scent , not too overpowering . good value on amazon .
these work just fine for my needs .. i use them to do quick bang trims or the like . nothing fancy but good for the price !
its wat i wanted n wat i was looking for n i got my moneys worth thanx a bunch luv it .
without a doubt the best facial moisturizer i have ever used ! tried hundreds and this one is the best !
i got these for my daugher and she has recently used them and they are great ! good quality too :)
burt's bee naturally ageless day lotion is great for my skin . i have very sensitive skin and this works so naturally i just love it .
this glue did absolutely nothing to my lashes . i rather use the lashes on their own without the glue since that sticks wayyy better .
great value for the amount of pearls you get in the wheel . this will be perfect for wedding nails ! will re-order
i have very fair skin . i'm blonde with freckles . this hasn't helped speed up my tanning or maintain it . very disappointed . wouldn't recommend .
great lashes , nice length full but i would say still natural not super dramatic , adds volume and i would repurchase them + good delivery time
this was purchased as a gift for a budding young make-up artist . it has many wonderful styles and sizes of brushes .
this thermal guard smoothing cream has a nice consistency and smells good . it is a non-greasy formula that protects your hair especially from the flat iron .
great product . leaves face fresh , clean and rejuvenated . easy application and removal . skin looks younger and does not dry skin .
this mascara didn't do anything at all for my eyelashes . it may work well for others , but didn't work well for me .
i do really like this product but it is on the greasy side . love the all natural ingredients ! i will continue to use :)
i've been using it for a while and it works very well for little thing , recommended if you needed something to travel with folds up well
it seems to work well until about halfway thru and then sometimes no powder sprays out . nice smell . better price than elsewhere .
they are cute , beautiful and i can use them for a lot of different projects . very happy with them , thanks !
i'm in the process of testing still but so far it's thumbs up ... it came fast and i am pleased with the results so far ... thanks ...
not the right stuff for someone with fine hair or thin hair left my hair with a heavy film feeling
it is a good mirror . some people complained that it was too big , but for me it just made it easier to find in my purse .
these are superb . my nails are still excellent after 2 weeks of wearing these under and over a color . i will buy this brand again !
ever since i began using this conditioner , i can get a comb through my hair easier and my curls are soft .
i did my daughters tips purple . it came out great . i loved it she loved it . it was deff awesome
i have more of a almond shaped eye . they did not look right on me and they bothered me so much . did not like them :(
i got the premium kit but it didn't have my favorite style foundation brush , so i bought this one to complete the set .
this stuff really works , and makes you brown - not orange . i highly recommend it and think it's an excellent addition for any tanning experience .
wasn't sure what to expect from these disposable eyelash mascara brushes , but they're great . they provide a lot of separation , nice stiff bristles . i'm impressed .
overall the products work well . but they are smaller bottles then i expected . to small for the prices if you ask me .
did not really do much for my complexion . all i noticed was a chalky looking streaked face . i would not recommend .
perfect curls , love that i have options . used several times , only negative is switching can be a little tough . enjoy !
my husband must wash his hair every day and this is perfect - does not dry out his hair and looks great .
i use this every days after washing my hair . it makes your hair very easy to comb when wet and gives it a nice shine .
it isn't that voluminous or lengthening but good for it's price and stays on all day . i would buy it again
good to play for fun from time to time . but you get what you paid . not like nature hair .
love these brushes , especially if you are a beginner with makeup . the quality it great , and i would recommend these to anyone !
so glad i decided to try this.perfect .. really does remove those annoying white deodorant stains from dark clothing , like the price too
i got really bad rash and apparently it was a old bottle so im not sure if it was from that or it just gave me a rash ? ?
my brush from the set of dirty through 3 months , so needed a replacement . in the new brush pack 2 , such as in set
it is everything that the hype is about . it has become a regular part of my weekly regimen and will be buying more .
for things like bb cream , it works okay.but if you wear eye makeup and lipstick , specially the red ones , use makeup remover .
this tone is amazing , within one day i saw results and my skin is smoother and i am having less breakouts . i highly recommend this product .
like it because it doesn't irritate my eyes . it even smells great . but ... it doesn't provide the length i need . this is great brand .
so far this product is living up to description it leaves your face feeling soft , no irritation no rednessno stinging , no harsh smell
i love this and will never use anything else ... as long as the price doesn't go up too much !
nice polish . beautiful color.glides on nicely.would purchase this brand again . color is versitile for summer or fall . again love it .
another great cream from cotz . this stuff blends in very well and protects from sun very well . color is not noticeable on skin .
best eau de toilette spray . i love it . my best burberry scent . it smells so good . light scent . best scent for me .
i have to colour just the roots now due to streaaks in my hair , and these do the job really well .
this mascara doesn't try out like other mascaras and really does add volume to my lashes . i have purchased several of these over the past view months .
i love shea moisture and i use this spray after every wash , before and after i style my hair every day . it smells amazing and works great !
this color is so beautiful in person . definitely recommend it . i always get complimented on the awesome halo effect too .
what a bunch of hype , deceptive marketing strategies , waste of time and hard earned money . one star is too many !
a lot longer and more fake looking than i initially thought . i thought it would give me a fuller more natural look .
so far this works great . love the smell . anxious to see if it continues to work through our cold harsh winter season .
nothing special , but the cool sensation and clean feeling was nice . this didn't always help with acne , but it did more good than harm for me .
this soap gets the highest rating for being pretty natural yet not outrageously expensive . i've been really pleased with it .
i love that it dries so fast and keeps my polish from smudges . i wouldn't hesitate to buy this again .
love the colors almost all only need 1 coat of polish for full coverage they are very shiny and rich colors . they work well for stamping
smooths out skin without irritating , nice smell and leaves skin soft and clear . i have just been using this at night and am pretty happy .
nice gentle cleansing and then throw it away . so easy to use and it does a good job of cleansing the face gently .
i gave this perfume to my daughter elisa for a passover gift . she said she liked it very much . it has a nice light aroma .
excellent product if anyone's hair is as dry as mine . it is not too heavy and leaves the hair soft and manageable .
this works and i see noticeable results but i need to get a bigger tube i dont know if i should put out the money
liked these little nail accessory . i have ordered them twice . they lookvery nice and the size just right . try them
this is amazing better than using acrylic just is good to know how to applied the product just as its needed
i bought this to replace my seche vite . it smells 3x worse but it doesnt work nearly as well . it also gummed up after 5 uses .
i bought this parfum because it was such a bargain and had so many great reviews . now i know why , it smells so good ! !
this is such a great nail strengthener ! my nails will finally be strong enough to grow out and put colored nail polish on !
didn't work on my feet , and the container that haled the dead skin kept falling so it would get everywhere which it gross .
it is a great product for the money , i was pleasantly surprised , as i can no longer afford cellex c
i've purchased in the past , but these were just too large for my very very thin hair . i returned them
i haven't been able to use this item as i am still waiting for the eye lashes i ordered . hope they come soon .
i just got it cuz its unlimited the colors are pretty . too bad its kind if expensive but was worth it .
these brushes help me put different designs on my nails . it makes my nails look very professional and is not hard to do .
i like the smell . it is a very clean scent with a hint of lavender . normally i don't like floral scents , but this is great .
i love this nail polish . it just just so pretty and in general i love all essie nail colors that go on so beautiful and they last .
a must have in my purse , the cent is delicate and feminine , well package , i'm very happy with my purschase .
smells so good and is easy on the skin and great buy will be buying again thanks again great buy
great scent - are are bits of material in the soap used to defoliate your skin , which works great . large bottle will last you a long time .
this soap has a very nice fresh smell . it leaves you clean and does not leave the normal soap scum in your tub .
i like te heavyness , the colors , it doesn't slip of your hands when you are using it , good quality and pretty :)
big selection and nice case for the price . quality is to be expected from a inexpensive product . i would recommend it .
this is not a dupe for nars , it's not the greatest quality and isn't has glowy and dewey as the nars highlighter
i love this file ! it is so much better than other glass files that i have gotten . it seems to have a finer grit . love it !
this is the only hairspray that holds your hair in new jersey's humidity . it is the best . thanks so much .
does good for the scalp and does not leave any residue and is good to give balance and shine for any hairdoo .
i can't see the results others reported , and it is much more expensive than other moisturizers i have used . so i will not reorder .
every woman that loves her hair as much as i do must have this product . this stuff will keep your hair healthy regardless of the weather .
great product ... non greasy and calms skin redness just does what it says ... both hubby and i only use this ...
this palette becomes my very best . it is worth the money . the colors are reaokt wonderful and they are easy to apply
this perfume is great as i bought many times for my family members . also , it makes a great gift for anytime .
bought this as my aunt sang its praises.makes rough dry hair even rougher and dryer . had to throw it out
i was satisfied with my purchase and would recommend it others , but would recommend a lower price before considering purchase again .
apear de macio , achei grande para blush , penso que acabarei usando para pó mesmo . o cabo também é muito espaoso .
they work ok i was hoping for something sturdier ; but you get a lot of them so i guess quantity works in this case .
i love this product ! feels wonderful , doesn't sting my eyes like some do , my skin feels soft but not greasy & makeup does on better too .
i got this in brick but it was really more salmon colored . good moisture but really just okay for the price . hard to gage colors online .
this shampoo works really well on my hair . great price too . i would recommend it to anyone interested in purchasing a quality shampoo . thank you .
love these , they don't leave a line on my hair ! can be used to sleep with hair up as well !
i have already written a review for this product ! i use it daily and would recommend it to all , men and women !
this shampoo smells very good and works great . it is definitely one of my favorite brands of shampoo to use .
i used it 2 days now and is my favorite smell is not strong or too sweet ... is so fragrant my room smelled wonderfully
this palette is awesome any color i need it is in this kit . i will purchase other colors from this vendor .
this is really good eyebrow cake powder for the price . it even gives you somestuff to secure it stays on .
i like this moisturizer because it absorbs quickly into the skin and has a very nice , light scent . it's good for sensitive skin as well .
colors are what you see . green and black so no surprise . i have used it several times and no problems .
nice polish - the only downside is it does peal off if to thick . nice nice color though - very vibrant .
this goes on so nice ... makes the skin feel better after each use . its clear , so no messing with your foundation color .
it is a very very light smell but it still smell wonderful . i was just hoping it would be a bit stronger .
loved it , great gift for a beginner and it came in great condition . i wpuld recommend it to anyone who wants to get serious with their nails !
great brush at a very reasonable price . exactly what i was looking for . bristles are good quality . i love it !
i have been mixing this with emu oil cream and it works great ! not too sticky when mixed and absorbs in the skin easily .
product as described . durable and pretty in pink ! fast shipping . perfect size for your hand ! will buy again when needing one or as a gift .
this was a great purchase , i can bliw dry and style my hair at the same time which is great . i would recommend this item to anyone .
i'm pretty clumsy with mascara . i love how easy it is to apply with this wand without making a mess of my face or lashes .
doesn't leave skin felling tight / dry . i use it daily so does my oldest son . we both like it , nice price will be purchasing again .
nice mascara . doesn't go on thick though . i prefer tarte cosmetics lights camera lashes or amazonian clay mascara to this . it's good though .
my daughter asked for this , so i assume she has experience with it . she tells me it works great , hence the 5 stars .
i use this for prep solution when doing my own gel nails . it works well and eliminates spills . good value .
i love this lotion ! the smell is exactly what you would expect " tropical mango " to smell like . lotion is thick and creamy but not greasy .
its ok if your hair is not that dry or damage i have had better try hayashi 911 emergency pack
i purchased this item for myself , i truly do luv them now my eyes match every outfit i have . yeah
no breakouts . no oiliness . no fragrance or other irritants . softer smoother skin . i cant ask for more than that . very happy with these .
awesome if you want to add a little extra to your nails . love the variety of colors . easy to use .
this is my every day perfume . i cannot live without it . it's definitely authentic and very nicely priced . can't go wrong .
este é um exemplo de um produto bom e barato . pelo preo voc no dá nada , mais é muito bom .
i have been an on / off tanning salon user for the last 10 years . this lotion by far is my favorite ! so glad i tried it .
this is a pure oil that your skin will absorb and love . i use it to moisturizes my face as well as the rest of my body .
it is a great product and a little goes a long way . does what it is suppose to . be careful
the polishes were shipped quickly . they are a very pretty color but very light . a under color is required to make them look their best
i think they are sort of bulky with the gripper stuff but not bad . i would think these will work great with thick hair
these brushes are perfect for doing acrylic nails and they are an excellent deal ! i'm so glad i bought them !
this shampoo is gentle and effective . it resides with several other acure products in my bathroom that i love , especially the face brightening scrub !
i don't know whether the built-in vibrator helps but the cream does lessen the appearance of the puffy bags under my eyes .
my granddaughter wanted this - - the product looks very watery when it's put on nails . maybe she didn't shake it enough but neither of us liked it .
it smells weird , and it burns a lot when i apply it on my face . not suitable for sensitive skin
they are very good to be incapsulated with uv gel otherwise they create edges ... but very good for nail beginners ... it saves you the headache of doing designs
the porefessional is wonderful ... it goes on nicely , does the job it's supposed to do , and makes my makeup go on so much smoother than most !
i am in love wit this style ! it is soo perfect and it can be restyled very easily . im thinking about geting it in another color !
one of the best primers i have ever used . have introduced it to all my clients as well as on my blog .
i love this base coat . i have a full review on my blog with photos to show just how well this works . [ ... ]
the regular one conditioner works better and detangles hair . this product felt like it did nothing . it was disappointing - i returned it .
love this oil .. made my skin soft and supple .. noticed tiny lines softened . would recommend this product and will order again from this company .
i love black soap and i like this product . i will order it again in the future i just wish the packaging was consistent whenever i ordered .
very pretty color goes on nice will buy moe colors pretty bottle very pretty color have diffrent colorsbuy it good deal
dries unbelievably fast and i've not had it chip ever . pricey but absolutely worth the purchase . it brings vibrancy to acrylic artwork too .
it does not create any visible curl . that's all i had to say about it.oh , and the battary dies within a week of use .
i have found myself a new primer ! this stuff is great ! well be my only primer from now on !
i love this cream . . . definitely give it a try . . it's rich , creamyand works a lot better than some of the other creams i'm using ! !
love clinique and this is easy to use ! would recommend this to anyone who wants to focus on wrinkles and sun damage .
i use this 2 times a day and have only used it a few weeks , but see improvement every daygreat feel .
love the end results of using this brush ... my skin feels soft and smooth .
i need to use this more ! i totally forget to use this when i am stamping ! i love mash products . they have agreat stamper too .
the color is pretty , but the coverage is really mediocre . not one of opi's best by far . i'd keep shopping .
this is okay , but i can't imagine it staying on for very long because it's more like a gloss than anything .
have used this product before does just what it is states always had excellent results . like the idea of being able to purchase without joining the club .
it came promptly , the cost of it was just right and i am very happy with the product . i can't wait to start using it .
it's a great product . i recommend it with closed eyes ! it really cleans your hair and make it stronger . :)
i got this perfume at a great price as it was an add on item . it smells awesome and i very happy to use it .
bought this for myself ... it was a little too masculine so i gave it to my boyfriend who seems to like it .
it feels soft on my hair , nothing like leaving build up on me . this shampoo smells like camomille and your hair will look so shinny when using this
i have used this before and have come back to it . makes my skin feel soft and seems to reduce fine lines
soft , thick , lustrous , shiny , but not so shiny that it looks fake . beautiful color and curl , definitely worth the $ 15 !
only remover i use for my gels . i do add heat to my removal makes it easier to get the polish off .
tried this last night , wow , took off all eye waterproof makeup without irritating or pulling at skin !
i bought this product for use during the summer months as i build up my tan and i love it !
i thought it would be better from all the reviews that i saw , but it's not that good as i thought after i used it ...
nicely scented , and easy to apply as it gets absorbed well , and leaves the skin soft and hydrated , even in the cool weather .
this product does what it promises . my skin is brighter and smoother . it is more than worth the price and i will definitely buy again .
don't buy or trust me you will be throwing this away faster than year old milk you just found on the third shelf of your fridge .
this is a good lip stain it lasts a long time . i am fair complected and this color is good for me .
i have many other brushes from this brand and they are quality . i love them . never heard of them till i saw on youtube ...
i love ti . would buy again . i put some in my hair and then washed out next day . super soft !
this is the only product i use for my hair . it usually is very expensive , but the price was right ...
i have not gotten any of the rest of my order . i want my things i ordered i paid for it all
love to see that it is taller . the use in the kitchen is wonderful . no dripping and have no complaints .
this is my all-time favorite go-to product if i skip a day of shampooing . it freshens up how my hair looks and smells . love it !
i purchased this for shingles and its didn't do anything to help . i purchased this for shingles and its didn't do anything to help .
i loved the cuticle tool and it arrived so fast . thanks all , i'm addicted to amazon , and i can't wait to place my next order .
my fiance absolutely loves this scent . i must say i'm quite the fan myself . it's a clean smell that is not too over powering .
so far so good . i am using 2 times a week as suggested and my skin looks great ! worth trying .
great winter color . deep purple and the product stays on for 2 weeks ( ish ) if i take the time to do it right .
this is the best black mascara . super pigmented black color . the wand is nice and thick to plump up your lashes . my go-to mascara .
good stuff , nothing out of this world but it s a good hand cream for the price , hope will take me through the winter
root awakening nourishing moisture shampoo for extremely dry hair by john frieda is very good.it awake my hair root and nourish my dry hair
this foundation has nice coverage . goes on great and stays on . i would recommend this makeup . its good for the price
got this like a week after i ordered it . soooo comfortable . i love the wide band . helps with all the fly-aways
these nail lacquers / nail polishes are of superior quality . the colors are rich . they offer a professional looking result at home .
i use this product on my face every day . i love the image skin care line and especially love this . a little dab will do ya !
love this product . it does not sting your eyes at all even when removing heavy mascara . really does take off all of the make-up ..
mascara was slightly better than just using waterproof mascara . was not perfect and did get a little of the raccoon eyes still
it broke both me and my husband out and the scent doesn't stay on your skin as well as other soaps i've used .
amazing ! i almost don't recognize my great aunt anymore . this stuff works .
works great . less mess astually . i know the tinfoil and cotton works but looks so unprofessional , i really enjoy the clean up better .
aveeno is just a great product . it smells good and i gave to a friend and she loved it . soft skin .
very cute . and alot of them tooi love these beads . you should order these (: 5 stars .
shoots i shoulda googled swatches sooner before a spontaneous buy i already have a very similar color but in a lighter shade . will post soon on it's wearability .
smells great and easy on the face ... cleans off all makeup and face feels clean , and smooth . plus its all natural !
i cant believe the quality of this inexpensive straightener . i spent 5 times as much on my last iron .. never again .
this product is ok . i have a used similar product like this before . this item splits once on so i am a little disappointed .
this is just another moisturizer i have tried in a search for something for my skin . it may work for some but i am still looking .
this is one of favorite hot pink colors of gel . so pretty not overpowering at all . i recommend this color to all those pink fans .
this product is absolutely wonderful ! it does what it says and quickly ! i would recommend this item for sure ! thanks !
i've been using this color for two years . sometimes it's impossible to find in stores so i stock up on it at amazon !
love this product line . have used it before and will continue to buy this product in the future . this product nongreasy
girls want me to order more of these . they are just decorating their cell phones , slippers , purses and making hair accessories .
best conditioner ever - better than most shampoos and conditioners ( salon brand included ) out there in the market . love the aveda-ish ajurvedic smell . highly recommended .
revlon compact emery boards , 24 count are a great deal and when you use them a lot it is good to have a subscription .
amazing ! this is a must have for every mua's kit . this will cover up anything and neutralize unflattering blemishes , tones etc ... would buy again !
i've used this several times and love the way it makes my hair feel . i can't wait to try the whole experience with the conditioner , too .
my daughter and i needed to replace our make-up brushes . i purchased this set and we split the brushes . there is a wide variety of brushes ! !
these are really pretty vibrant colored power . they come out great with my regular clear acrylic powder . strong colors .
i'm about an nc30 and this color , unlike the nyx taupe blush does not show up on my skin at all and is kind of powdery .
great fragrance and texture , fresh and inviting . works well in recipes ( such as body butters , lip balms , and cloned tiger balm ) .
i am blonde and blue eyed , but the violet color works very well as a eyeliner along with the violet and then a black mascara
this pore scrub works great . i will buy it again . an excellent value too olay makes wonderful products at affordable prices .
this concealer is too greasy , and doesn't cover well at all . definitely not " long lasting " or " smooth " as described on the jar .
have purchased a total of 12 tubes . love the smell . have rated this product previously . have purchased enough to last for maybe 1 year .
this nail cleaner after you remove your polish really leaves your nails cleaner for the cnd polishes . it helps it last longer .
can't beat the price . this is the real deal - not a fake . fast delivery too .
this was a gift for a friend who is very grateful ! she has arthritis and has said that this product has helped her with the pain .
good shampoo for my kid . he loves the smells of this shampoo . recommend for parents who have kids =) they will love it
my hair has improved a great deal no more thinning but had to change to system 4 due to coloring my hair .
same great product , and for a great low price . i would absolutely recommed to any of my friends any day .
my husband loves this shampoo . his hair looks and feels great . his scalp is also feeling awesome and dandruff free . i love the smell of it .
arrived in about 5days . i love the colors , bright green , red and yellow . the fit is perfect and they stay in place .
horrible quality . not worth the dollar something i paid for them . they fell apart after i used them like 3 times
i recommend everyone who does pediures to own one of these it is so easy to use and get to what you need .
bare escentuals origninal mineral veil two gram product was as advertised ! pride better than in the local store carrying these products .
i really like this product . it adds fullness to the area in the front of my hair - enough that i don't feel self conscious .
these are good for do it yourself , easier than trying to navigate putting pads and tin foil over your fingers . you can't beat the price .
fake brush , do not buy ! seems like a cheap knock off , black bristles . haven't tried it yet but seems cheap .
still havent got the hang of these yet , but i am new to eyelashes ! better than tweezers by a long shot .
i am pleased with the product and will use it for a special occasion . what you see is what you get ! ! as simple as that !
i have used this product for years after learning about it from my plastic surgeon's spa office . it has delayed wrinkles for years . i love it .
the color looks darker than i had expected . plus , the color wears off more easily than my other opi colors . i don't like it .
i have been using this everyday for about two weeks and i think i see some improvement . the circles under my eyes seem to be less pronounced .
i used it several times in several many waysthe result is one ( oily t zone after a while ) not for me !
we have had a lot of fun creating different designs with this nail tape . what a fun item to have !
love this stuff ! ! i've ordered this before and its amazing stuff .. once you use you will be hooked ! great price too
this product can be a little strong in smell but its not harsh on my skin . it removes water-proof make up very well .
these are extremely sturdy and durable . i am able to remove and reposition them as many times as i have to without them failing .
this one is great . i used it with the blue additive faded in . it looked like the ocean . gorgeous ! love it !
this is a good basic white eyeliner for brightening up my eyes . the only downside is that it can be a bit chalky .
i love this , it stays on and washes off really well . very impressed . i do not have to purchase really expensive mascara anymore .
could'nt figer out how to use , i know you use on face but which color do what , no instruction added
this is the only conditioner i use because it does the best job at detangling . i have tried many conditioner products and always go back to this one .
i really like this mascara ... easy to wash off with loreal eye mak up remover in the green bottle . definately defines and lenghens
absolutely gorgeous color , goes on nicely and last for 2 weeks . such a great color for christmas and holiday time .
nice natural looking mascara , does not leave any clumps . boyfriend loves it because it looks natural . brown is the best color for added clean look .
it came close but it's just not the original scent i was looking for . but it's on the right track ...
do not buy this cheap stuff . it stains your skin and has an offensive odour . it is not for any real lady
i got this for my sister for christmas , and it's really great stuff--does exactly what you hope it will do and more !
this makes a big difference . i would not do my nails without applying this product first . i think that this product is as important as the bonder .
could be used for a man or woman but i love how it smells on my husband ! would definitely recommend !
they worked , but one broke and i just did not try it anymore , but maybe i'll try then again , who knows
after one use in the shower my body feels alot smoother and softer . its doing what i says so far . love this product will buy more
konad stamping polish works well , but this gold and the silver i would not recommend . they are very subtle , not as clear as i would like .
i use this for my kids whenever they have a cold and i really like . the smell really clears out the sinuses and it makes great bubbles .
does not wind up in creases beneath eyes as some other prducts do . i highly recommend this product . mmmm
very useful item at a very reasonable price . i received this item quickly . i will certainly recommend this site and item to others
the best cream ever , i wolud recomend this if you have a specual occasion or every day . grest team . great
this is a very good body wash for dry skin . it's thick and creamy . rinses away easily . i would recommend it .
i am not sure what benefit i've received from using this product . nothing significant to report at this juncture , sorry ; > (
saw this on a beauty blog , so i thought i would try it . it works great ! it goes on smooth and dries quickly , as promised .
it works great . it was also an add on item and the price was fantastic more than ten dollars less than in the store .
good product . ddes all it claims . soothing and not oily , and thankfully fragrance free.soaps easily , and easy to handle in the shower .
beautiful sexy red . it's actually a little lighter than the picture . but it seems like a good cool tone red .
nice product but can be a tad drying on my skin , but as long as i moisturize its fine - id buy it again .
love cnd polish . this color is a beautiful shade of orange and lasts for weeks . great spring color . super fast shipping .
it's okay but i didn't think it lived up to the 5 - star reviews that i read .
just like in the pictures and just like the description say it was going to be . the stickers is the perfect size for nails .
cheap dont buy it ! its like chalk and smells like it to . i would spend the extra money and get something that is quality .
this is great , only to be careful because it works and it will burn a lot .
i have already used it for about two months . it help me to clean the pore in a magic way . and more important , it's really cheap .
estava ansiosa pelo famoso ruby woo ... ele é o vermelho mais lindo que já vi . eu simplesmente amei ! ! ! chegou perfeito .
i love the colors and it came very quickly ! they blend very nicely and they are perfect for my natural look . will be buying again !
nice butter cream but not my favorite scent ; wouldn't purchase this again . the price was right and the service was great .
i can use this all around my eyes and it doesn't cause my eyes to burn and tear up . goes on nicely and seems to last well .
it smelled like your grandparents retirement home nasty musk mixed with moth balls ! but holy crap on a cracker you will be dark ! ! !
absolutely terrible , i might as well be tying my hair with rubber bands . save your money and get something else .
i just touch up my roots with it ... no surprises ... always works the way i need it to work ... i trust this product ...
these dotting tools are great if you like adding simple designs to your nails . they are very easy to use and come in different sizes !
love this very pretty this is well worth the money i really recomed this it is sooooooooo nice all the color
i use this everyday . i got a good bulk online deal here . it saves money and that is what i was trying to do .
great colors , lasts long and makes your eyelashes appear fuller with no clump . i got this for my daughter and she loved it .
this looks like a purple in the picture , but it is actually more like a pink in real life , it is still a cute color though .
this is a great product all natural works great feels awesome on skin . my face was so soft after using and a little lasts a long way .
the look of feathers is so trendy right now and these are nicely made with good coloring . easy to apply and they look stylish .
i love this product it's the same like mijicolors and it's worth the price.and i love it i do recommend this product .
i bought this as a base coat so the neon colors i use would pop and would need less coats . it works great . dries pretty fast .
this highlighter is beautiful and can be used as an eye shadow too . i love this product and rather enjoy the small brush that was included .
it's pretty good . better then my hands i'd say . left less bruising . can't be used for tiny black heads . it's only for bigger ones .
i have used it before when i was in nail school and i won't use anything else . it arrived on time .
this is a great lipstick . i wish they sold them in stores . i purchased this color because of lisa eldridge's recommendation .
this is a wonderful product . it coved the grey in my eyebrows . i highly recommend this product . the product is easy to apply and remove
this is my product of choice for healthy cuticles . i have tried many and this works the best . amazon sells it for less than local stores .
this dotting pen set for nail art manicure is a brilliant addition to your home kit for professionally manicured looking nails . you will love the possibilities it offers .
i use it as a base coat and a top coat . i have never had nails like i do today !
i like the serum and it does help to make my face more youthfull !
nonetheless awesome nail cleaner . highly recommend.used to own one that looks like it , and didn't really help push the cuticle . this one works wonderfully .
this product is wonderfulit came fast and it makes my skin moisture and smooth . i am really satisfied and happy .
this is basically clear . did not create the desired look i was going for which was a shear pink . i would not buy again .
i had and still have no idea how to use the given shower cap . but everything works fine elsewise . (:
i feldt the time was how it was said to be . the order came on time and had no problems with the item
i like to mix different oils together and use this mixture as a body and face moisturizer ... each oil adds a special something to the skin ...
ive been looking store to store and glad i bought this product at an affordable price will shop again soon
this is an excellent product for the price ! it works well with any foundation or on its own . the price is outstanding for the value !
i have kept buying this eye cream for a year now after i tried it first time . it is a very good deal .
have to be careful with it . it can tangle your hair . it is also kind of scary when it sucks your hair into it .
i like this product it has a very nice aroma , goes on silky smooth and is easy to wash off . very nice cleanser ..
didn't enjoy the smell . the applicators ok but so miss the cream in the jar from benefit ! much better ! bring back the body cream benefit !
fragrance is mild and this body wash doesn't strip the skin and leave it itchy the way soap can in the winter .
am now a believer and on the bandwagon ! this stuff rocks as a day / nigh cream and i have combination / dry skin . highly recommend !
i used it nightly and there was no noticeable change in the appearance of my skin . i finished it about a month ago and won't purchase it again .
i love this cream . it makes my face feel smooth as silkand diminishes fine lines under my eyes . i will buyit again .
better value than buying separately and its nice to have the really large size . if you have long hair , you'll need it !
used this several times a , week , wasn't uncomfortable . ski . looks amazing will continue to use and will be purchasing another one again .
they hurt when you try to pull it through you'r hair . they are larger so be aware might work better with a lot of hair .
great color like a robin's egg blue . very very pretty . i have fair skin with pink undertones and i love it !
i really love these stones ! ! ! i've purchased similar products before and these were well worth my money . you get a lot and i love them !
i would recommend these nail tools to anyone that gets manicures and pedicures . they work really well and seem to be made out of quality metal .
perfect size , nice matt color , matt black container , goes on nice , smoothing , shipped faster then expected . pairs good with their nude lip liner .
i bought a product to apply to my lashes to thicken and i thought these were actual brushes that i could use with the other product .
i just put the powder on my eyebrowsi think a eye brow pencil would be better and cheaper too
this is such a pretty collection set . i am really enjoying all of the beautiful shades of color this set contains .
i love the way this smells in my hair . so wonderful . it never leaves my hair greasy , just shiny and aromatic
i gave this product four out of five stars because i haven't tried it yet . it looks good in the picture though .
like it . would buy again . introduce u a fresh n warm n clean aroma . clean n airy like just after shower under sunshine .
i love the konad plates , the laser cutting used in their creation is so much better than the knock off brands .
good product , great value . it makes my life so much easier . give it a try and you wont want to use anythingelse .
i like the mild scent of this product . it is a bit thick but easily absorbs into the skin . i will definitely be reordering .
well made , good material and for sure look better than i imaginegive a sexy look on the haircome on time too
they suit the purpose . naturally , you will have to cut to your own personal needs , but no issues like shedding with most cheap brushes .
love this nail art kit ! ! ! there are so many beautiful bright colors to choose from . the quality of the polish is outstanding !
this one is really pretty . the picture does not do it justice , much prettier in person . thank you so much .
second-time purchase . expensive but seems to work . seems like a quality product . just wish it was cheaper . thank you very much .
definitely needs conditioner to follow-up with for moisture , but it does a great job of cleaning dirt and oil out without being as harsh as other sudsing shampoos .
i love this thing . lasta forever , easy to use , can create a nice fat line , or a skinny little one .
this is a great makeup bag for anyone who wants to see what they have in their bad . i would recommend this to anyone .
i love these colors ! ! ! i would recommend them to anyone who's looking for nice colors to do nail arts . would buy again .
it obviously make my eyelashes look long.color is good , looks very natural.you might like the color even when your original eyelash is very black .
but i have obscenely oily skin , so it helped but didn't last as long as i'd hope . try skindinavia no shine for better shine control .
definitely not the real thing . very cakey and similar to putting yellow flour on your face . don't be fooled . save your money .
i am so glad to have been able to order the nail polish before christmas . they will make great gifts for my granddaughters who are fashion divas .
this leaves a nice clean feel to the skin , but it seems to be clogging the pores , which is not a good thing .
but i am still in the trying stage . i like the other products so much i want to like this one also.but , it my take time .
look no more for other brushes these are it you will see an new you these are better than what you pay for .
this was the first liquid eyeliner i've bought , and it works really well , looks great , is easy to apply , and stays on you for hours ..
this shampoo is the bomb ! it takes little shampoo to create a rich luxurious lather thatleaves hair shiny clean . and it has a lushes coconut scent .
husband and son use this husband started even before the fda approved it we used to crush pills mix w / liquid
the picture makes it look like you get a lot more than they actually give you . but they are okay .
i use this to cowash my transitioning hair , but i don't see a huge difference in using regular conditioner .
clairol is the product of my choosing . this color is perfect for me and i just love it very much .
great price for great product.super soft brushes no complaints for the price.comes in the pink bag , purple brushes , would buy from again
when i received the product i was so happy until i saw that the colors were broken . 4 in total ! ! ! i'm devastated ! ! !
a new addition to my wig collection . i didn't have a bob so this one was a great choice . it was perfect .
i basically wanted this for the basic french manicure , but the other shapes look like a lot of fun . can't beat the price , either .
i love the packaging , the variety of brushes and the brush quality . because of the case it is easy to transport . i would recommend this product .
pueen nail plates have very clean and crisp nail designs . i hope they come out with extra large plates for people with larger nail beds .
love this brush for touch up areas before i put on the entire face , swirl , tap , buff ... love bare minerals !
just live these nail art rhinestones for your nails but they do pop off easy that's why i bought 5 of them bc u go through them quickly ..
i had try all the everpure line . i really like them . great shampoos and conditioner . nice smell , great packing and awesome price .
i got this for my wife and this is one of the best perfumes i have smelled on a lady .
came on time and was packaged nicely =) it's a pretty color sometimes i use it as a contour also . i'm happy with it
tools is very solid and seems very durable . would buy again . comes looking exactly like the photo in the description .
i am 4c natural . this product dried my hair out so i gave it to my husband . it worked wonders in his hair .
this is one of the finest conditioners i've every used ; quite possibly the best ! fair price too considering what's offered out there .
it is almost just like the phillips light touch brush from france that i paid $ 20 for . now i will order these brushes .
this stuff is really really great , it is very thick and moisturizing and i can definitely tell a noticeable difference in my skin !
this is a nice lotion . you can really smell & feel a smooth oatmeal feeling with the butter . a must have with a nice scent
i bought this hoping it will ass't with my acne but it was not impressive . i went back to using my original head .
this stamping polish seems to ok . it isn't that thick in consistency versus the other brands , but it is doable .
i like it . it is very soft not harsh ingredients . so far for me it works . i will keep trying it .
this is the way to buy these products . they will transform your curly hair ! the book , curly girl , explains it all .
very soft , however do not tap off the excess eyeshadow , it will all fall off , overall very nice , would repurchase .
happy with purchase it is messy but a fan brush will sweep that loose glitter away great value .
i have very sensitive , dry skin . the doctor recommended i try vanicream and cetaphil and now cetaphil is my go-to body wash .
this is exactly what i have been searching for . does a great job and is very easy to use . shipping was great .
i can't figure out how to put the oil into the brush without wasting it . the holes on the brush are so small
waste of time and money . this product does not work as advertised . i used it for over a month for under eye puffiness .
i am a lover of mood lip stick because you don't have to search for the right shade its always right .
i have not had a problem with it so far . the color is really nice . i would get it again .
the price was good and the blocks work great . i use them for my acrylic nails and have no complaints .
works best with the diva curl one condition and a no poo or low poo shampoo . can get a little stiff without the right combination of conditioners beforehand .
i don't get all the hype about this - it doesn't seem that different from my much cheaper revlon lash curler . am i missing something ?
i am very well pleased of this particular product . images are crisp on the very first try . very nice plates .
this is a great primer for your foundation . it is a little greasy so if you have dry or moderate skin this is perfect for you !
you will pay a lot more money other places for argan oil , and you will have wasted your money . this stuff is awesome !
the colors look pretty but i could not get them to be streak free when i applied them , perhaps i am just not good at this though .
makes your skin look and feel moist with no smell or stinging . great for sensitive skin at a decent price . would reccomend to a friend
this is a great white that doesn't yellow , but you must be sure to do thin layers or it will wrinkle in the lamp .
love this product ! it goes on light w . o . any color and does help matte your skin . truly fantastic
i love this stuff . better than hair wax . doesn't leave no residue in your hair . really holds up if you live in a place with humidity .
diane 3.5 " powder puff works well for the gold bond ultimate comfort body powder rather than by hand and making a mess of it . thanks much .
easy to apply and works very well on pimplesit has a very strong scent but it is not an unpleasant one
ths is a little too light for my very fine curly wavy hair . it would probably work better on fine dry hair . my hair dresser loves it .
i love this stuff and have been using for over 30 years ! especially good after a chemical , color or on african american hair . just abfab !
words as advertised but the fragrance is terrible so i don't plan on using this product . headed for the trash can .
the idea is nice . i used the dark brown . it blended nicely with my previous color , but it did not cover grey well .
not sure where all these positive reviews came from , but this product hasn't done anything for me . it's expensive for no results . will not buy again .
i use this over the more expensive ones . the color is natural and develops quickly . smells better than any other one i have tried .
large amt of sanding bands for my nail drill . i go through one with each manicure so this pack will last quite awhile .
i like the texture and i like that it is almsot fragnance free and add the level of support and hydration to my face skin
this is really a nice mannequin holder . its sturdy and holds up well . you can't go wrong with one . thanx
i actually started seeing result in just a couple of days of using this product . the shipment was very quick and speedy . thank you .
love this product ! ! great for drying your brushes without damaging them . i love this so much i had to get for all my brushes ! !
soft , luxurious cotton pads . they are the ultimate in the perfect cotton pad for everything you would use a cotton pad for . i'm totally spoiled now .
suave naturals shampoo , daily clarifying - 22.5 oz . . .. i have used this many times before and i have always loved the fragrant scent
grand jewels fit for a queen ... i wear it over my chosen color . it really sparkles . i love the look it gives my nails !
there were so many strips and also a lot of useful things for them . the dotting tools work great too !
it does work if you are consistent with applying it and keep your face clean with the witch hazel . i like to just use it overnite .
wasn't for me . the description is correct pro . cons isn't for me . meant for those females looking for headband full circle around the head .
not the miracle worker it is supposed to be , but it does clean the skin . you can get the same results with several other products , though .
amazing , especially for the price , colors and lovely ! however ... the fishnet shade does tend to fade but besides that very nice ! ! !
i like this soap because it is gentle enough to use on my face , and tough enough to stamp out any bo you can throw at .
good clean fresh scent . i prefer thierry mugler cologne but this is a cheap alternative . both smell very clean and soapy , good for any occasion .
i bought this for my girlfriend and she loves it . for what she tells me it is a really nice addition to her nail decoration set
this i feel was the best deal for the money at the time of purchase . it is performing well and cleans easy with an easy set up .
nice hold but not sticky or helmet like . i would recommend . i used kenra in the past and it was too crunchy for my tastes .
i hadn't realized this came with all six ! love them , and give away others as gifts-makes my fingers feel awesome .
i don't like the way the product sits after its been applied . it's alright for what it is , i can definitely recommend it for a quick fix .
i love the thickness it adds to my weak nails and that i can wear it under polish as well .
this toner has such a nice scent . it is refreshing to my skin . i use a lot of the vivo per lei products and love them all .
i didn't originally purchase this and my manicure only lasted a few days but this helps extend the life of my manicure . i suggest it highly !
great eyeliner ... just what i expected / wanted ... so versatile too . can use for priming the eyes or as an eyeliner . recommend :)
i love maybelline mascara and this value pack is great . its is long lasting and i dont have to carry it around for touch ups .
this product made my face turn darker in the spot i was working on . it seemed to work at first but then this happened .
it's not the world's best detangler , but it works ok for my toddler . and it smells good . i'll probably buy more when we run out .
will never change brands from maybelline . they stopped making charcoal grey but the closed alternative is blonde . fantastic price and works quite well for my purposes .
i bought this as a gift for my son in law . not sure that he is going to like it after i smelled it .
think this will be my.only hair product after shower except hairspray . its that good . dont have to spend on tons of stuff .
okay these are to small but supper cute they dont break as esly as you might think and the price is very expensive i think for the amount recived
consistency is great , it is moisturizing and the price was great . the only vitamin c i will use around my eyes and eyelids . great purchase :)
great travel mini make-up bag . great price . great material . i do love the pink and black combination . i love the 2 separate pockets .
great everyday quad . need a good eye primmer to make colors pop . there's a bit of fall out , but that was expected for the price .
this is a great kit ... i love how it's easy to handle and maneuver .. it helps me shape my nails well
these are cute but unless you want a minimalist look , go with another one . it's barely noticable . they are short and thin .
they arrived on time . they came from china . so i am impressed by the quality . it's really great and they adjust to your fingers .
it goes on nicely but dark brown isn't really what the color seems to be with me . its more like a reddish brown
this pure protein gives my hair the strength it needs to help it grow . it only takes i little mixed with my conditioner once a month .
very eye catching and true to the color you see in the picture . i got many compliments with this shade !
exactly what ive been wanting to do my nails with ! ! gives ur nails that edgy appearance but at cheap price .
this is a great product that is now hard to find . good price and quick service .
it was a good product i would recommend this to my sister and i'm not sure if it is really working yet but i will give and update
the straightener didn't get my hair all the way straight . my hair was a little wavy . this product was just ok .
nice . soft . not sticky or crunchy . i use all the deva care products and i like this one too . after shower , before angell .
bought these to replace some old brushes . works perfectly fine . goes through hair easily . mine came in purple which was fine .
the best brush ever ! my skin got so much better , and it stopped breaking up since i started using this with my lancome facial cleanser ! !
i use this every time i wash my hair . i like the way it makes my hair feel and it smells great .
great color with the quality you expect from opi . i was in search for a pretty glitter pink color . it's lovely .
my hair isn't yellow , but it would take it out if it was . it makes it bright and soft as is .
this product is not magical , but it seems to help prevent further breakage . the improvement may not be apparent though .
this is my first experience with shellac , and i liked being able to get a complete manicure in one order ! will order again !
this color is awesome , the online picture doesn't even do it justice . one of my favorites . super pretty deep purple . great for any season .
smells great , but wasn't what expected at all . couldn't use as styling cream too heavy , good for a beach day or vaca @south beach .
boosts the roots ! but it can be a little drying , so try to stay only on the roots .
this soap left my skin very soft , moisturized . i use another soap to scrub and this one last to leave my skin soft .
a + product reccomend to buy before they sell out good price nice blush buy it good product i love it
dry skin ... good for normal acne but not to severe acne people ... recommend to see doctor and have acutane pill ..
great wonderful long-lasting gourmand for anyone to enjoy at this reasonable price . sweet like your favorite dessert but also a little interesting.perfect for all ages .
i love this color its a beauty , essie for the twill of it , amazing color , essie keep making more beautiful colors like this one
good white nail polish . only needs 2 coats for complete coverage of the nail . i'm glad that i bought it .
this was the perfect way to test out deva curl without having to commit to the larger more expensive bottles . it was worth the cost .
it does not go on very thick and it does not stay . it is kind of a waxy texture and i was disappointed in the lipstick .
i love eminence products and this cleanser is great for normal to dry skin and smells wonderful ! would definitely buy again .
these were just as they seem . nice prints and they worked very well . i will be buying more as soon as new ones are offered .
this is a great price and great colors ! these go on smooth and i love the packaging . anything black i think looks really elegant .
perfect price perfect product ! it was an add on product but shipped for free ! it works really well ! doesn't leave my hair crunchy !
my daughters use this wand at least twice a week . they love it and the curls will last all day even with their straight hair
this works perfectly ! i've never seen my brows look so perf . i'm new to the make up world and this is a must !
great deal and i love this scent ! ! this is my favorite scent . i get so many compliments . the price is amazing !
this is the only product that holds my wavy hair without a crunchy feel . plus , it's a great price . i love it !
these nail wipes work great , they don't have any lint , but i took off a star because they tear easily .
good experience with seller , but this product hasn't done anything for me . i wouldn't recommend it . it purely seems like oil without any special qualities .
the proactiv products are overpriced and undersized . there are more natural and cheap ways to help problem skin , such as honey .
great nail polish , works just like it says it does . i do recommend this to anyone .
bought this for my wigs . and it holds them nicely . considering it is made out of foam . it stays in place while .
my wife love's this stuff so every year i get her some and this is the best price anywhere trust me great buy ! !
i trryed it with my good primer and the eye shadows wont stick .. i would not recommend this to anyone ... but fast shipping
this product works great but is like hairspray and with that being said it is too expensive for simply hairspray .
work exactly like they're supposed to and got them at a great price . i can't believe how much some places charge for sponges . would recommend .
it works ok , i use it once in a while . i dont want to leave the nail polish remover in there for a long time .
again , it is excellent . i recommend it to my friends when they tell me how nice my hair looks so i am very happy with this product .
my wife swears by this formula for keeping her hair soft , shining , healthy , and lovely . highly recommended especially if one has problems with hair loss .
you don't need to use a lot of this and it leaves my skin feeling soft at night and smooth in the morning . my favorite night cream .
i love how this set comes with many sizes you can do so much with each brush and so easy to use and clean
the exfoliation is not as vigorous as with some other products , but my skin is smooth and very soft and i like the scent .
great price , shipped way ahead of time , this is a great product if you want moisture all day long . love it
i bought 2 of these and it has been the cutest set ive ever had , will buy more soon .
this mascara is a disappointment . it didn't lengthen or volumize my lashes . it was hardly noticeable that mascara was even on my lashes .
my hair looked more supple shiny and silky after starting to use this even massage it into my scalp and it helped with the dry scalp
love it ! your hair just glides between the ceramic plates and your hair feels so silky smooth and soft afterwards .
the skin is going to be so soft and nice i have eksem on my eye and this cream is not irretaing
my dermatologist recommended this product . i start using that one week ago , so i am not sure about the benefit yet .
very convenient to shop for colors andline and not have to suffer through price gouging at the beauty stores . fresh quality too .
this is a nice subtle color to wear alone or it is great over other colors to tone them down .
my husband and i both use this cream and i like it , not too heavy . i put it on prior to using my foundation .
this self tan smells great and glides on nice , very nice natural tan . product came in box factory sealed . will buy again !
pretty color but it dulls once dry and looks crusty . even with extra top coats applied it looks blah unfortunately .
seems to be a good product and the end look is nice . just what was expected and would recommend to anyone .
they are very tiny but very good for nails . im happy and definitely would recommend anyone to get them
he goes a little faster but the smell is actually a good perfume and does not smell bad like water is fresh and youthful perfect
love this stuff . it's perfect for keeping my face soft and smooth , without breaking out . i especially like to use it at night .
this is really great hair dye ever seen in the market . 100 % chemical free and made from herbs . makes hair shiny .
lime crime rules . i would buy every single shade they have if i had the money . this is such a pretty , feminine pink !
it is an excellent product . i use it daily and would recommend it to others . the larger size is a better buy for the money spent .
this product does wonders for my hair leaves it so soft and smooth . i would recommend this to anyone looking for healthy soft hair .
i love this eyeliner . i bought it in espresso as well . it glides on smooth and does not break . the color is just what i wanted
i love the color and how beautiful it was made .. will be buying more of this style ! by the way gotten many complement's
images transfer well and great price although i prefer cheeky's xl plates , these are still good for selection of images
so i don't know , as i haven't heard back from her . but when i do , i will be sure to let you know .
i like this top coat alot , but after a few uses it becomes really thick . i switched to seche vite top coat .
a must have for nail art enthusiasts . you can create so many fun and unique designs . very east to use !
this is an amazing scent . i am a woman and don't like sweet smells so i thought i would try this . it's just gorgeous with complex notes .
although the variety of colors is great , the colors themselves are much , much darker in reality than they are pictured here online . buyer beware ! !
love this product on my skin . absorbs well into my skin , no greasy and has a nice hint of vanilla which is light .
covergirl smoothers is everything it says it is . the moisturizer goes on smooth and hides tiny imperfections . it has sunscreen and the color is great .
cute case , and wonderful pricing . probably will buy more as chrismas gifts ! they are very great quality . and would recommend them to anyone
this stuff is like heaven in a bottle . i love it . it makes my hair so soft and beautiful . i recommend this to anyone .
i live nyx and these lip liners are quality ; they are alays a staple in my very large make up bag .
you get 6 sizes because one side is the same for all , nevertheless you get all the sizes you will ever need . great buy !
i use this in the shower or bath and when my kids are showering i'll drop some in with them , smells so clean and refreshing .
this perfume is for every day use . i love its fresh smell . the price was good here too . i enjoy it and will purchase more .
very nice palette with good quality concealers . i like the variety for lighter colors in the winter and warmers colors in the summer .
it's soft , easy to apply , and comfortable once it's on . it covers well , and the color is true to its name . i'll order again .
this is an okay toner . i really don't like the strong artificial orange smell . in my opinion it's not worth a repurchase .
i use this brush to massage my scalp before i got to bed . it works well on my wave , medium-thick , shoulder length hair .
this oil is okay just like any other oil nothing special . i use it ant night and in the morning to keep my cuticles moist .
i love this product and i have used it for years . i will buy it again and again . great for dry skin .
not actual sigma brushes . i used it for awhile it was crap and now regretting i bought this crap . don't buy it you will be disappointed .
this is a great set for mixing masks and stuff , but takes about a month to get . its not worth the wait for a small product .
it works great to blend on the joint areas and can use it and a moisturizer also . it smells great too
this definitely stops hot flashes and makes me actually feel like i use to before menopause . i highly recommend this product .
these are such a rip off for how much i paid for them . they are really pretty but not enough quantity for the cost ...
it dried up pimples real fast ; it is part of my facial regime that i have been using it for over 6 years .
love using this with cleziderm orange face wash and green 5 % bpo lotion . amazing results and best prices for these products .
i didn't feel the shampoo did anything for my hair . i saw it advertised and it sounded great but it justdoesn't do the job .
there's something about this smell , like honeyed-rose , that is so unique . i love it ! ! it is a scent for any age .
smize while you moisturize.it ' s super light ! does the job . smells amazing . 10/10 would do again best deep hair mask that i've used .
if ur lookin for a nail drill pen at a little cost that will actually work then you should infact buy this one i recommend this product
i like this a lot and use it several times a week , it cleans face well with a gentle resurfacing .
i really like this hair spray . it smells great and gives a decent hold without making my hair too sticky or unmanageable .
the color in the photo is accurate . it took about three applications to get the finish i wanted . nice shade for spring and summer fashions .
the smell is pretty awful , the feel is pretty nice , the firmness with use is nothing for me . won't buy again .
tried it , it was trash . it did not create waves or crimps . created a dead , limpy looking mess on my head !
i was surprised at the detail of these canes . i did my grandaughters nails and they were adorable ! so many uses for them !
this turned out to be a fun top coat to enhance any color . it contains larger sparkles than older versions of shellac glitter - i loved it !
i love tea tree oil and use it for lots of things . this is a good brand for any use .
i like that it was exaclty as described.it has agreat smell and makes my skin feel nice and soft.im very pleased with this product
i work in a hot kitchen 8-9 hours a day - this stuff makes my eye makeup last allll day . i absolutely love it .
the brushes broke before i got a chance 2 use them have to try 2 glue the brushes back together the handles came a loose .
i purchased these while in school and still use them today ... great product for the money ... would purchased again and would recommend it to anyone ...
it was really thin and didn't seem to work well . it kept catching my hair on the sides of the plates . i would not rec this one .
nice size wand for great curls . gets really hot , which is what my hair needs to hold the curl in .
this color is amazing ! ! bright , bright royal blue . it a barely a speck of shimmer that's hardly noticeable . love it ! !
love that it looks like leather fits all image plates except the big ones obviously i would definitely recommend this to anyone
aaaa + + + does exactly as advertised love it love it love it ... would recommend to anyone light and handy aaa + + + love it
i figured it would be sheer so bought this bright color even though my skin is fair and it looks great . feels very soft and moisturizing .
it smells like a rose ! so lovely . i guess i am going to buy this one again after using mine .
i like the concept of no-poo but don't care for this product . no matter how little or how much i used , my hair never felt clean .
i put these on and thought hey this is okay within an hour they started falling off i guess if u dont breathe or move they might be ok
these were so big and they didn't keep my hair in the roller . they were useless slipping off would not recommend these at all .
something for every occasion or sharing with friends if some are aren't your style . bands are pliable and easy to apply . great variety and a good value .
these eyeshaddows are really good quality for what your paying ! i use them all the time , theres lots of shimmer shaddows which are perfect for nights out :)
horrible ! leaves flakes behind and is only good for 1 use . doesnt give ur hair that much volume either , rather wash my hair
this mascara does a great job at lengthing and thickening my very thin sparse eyelashes . i recommend it . the brush is great .
don't be afraid of this product being greasy and sitting on your skin . it absorbs , and any serum is worth the extra price ; with regular use .
this is really great oil , i used it on my hair to help with dryness and its helped so much !
smells really good ! better than the usual smell of sunblock products . it does feel cool to the skin . very happy with product .
i absolutey love this stuff . its no longer sold in stores so i purchased two . it look great over my revlon colorstay whipped creme makeup .
i love shellac and this is a must have color . the price is good , the shipping is great and i am very pleased .
looks like my natural hair and all my friends thought it was real ! great for winter lolita xoxox great buy
i love roc antiage creams , this one is good for the delicate eye area . get the correxion night cream too :)
shipped faster than expected .. surprisingly good quality for the price ! really great purchase i definitely recommend .. a variety of brushes all perfect for nail art
smells great makes your skin smooth and hydrates your skin very inexpensive good stuff would recommend this after tanning or showering
what you see is exactly what you get and the rhinestones are very clear and shiny ! a excellent way to spice up your nails
i like this product because protect my skin and doesn't feel greasy i like that it put a little color and the sking looks nice
im impressed this stuff is worth the money . keeps regular & gel polish on better . tried gelish & i prefer this brand plus its a big bottle .
after putting this on i forget about my dry winter hands for hours . i just wish it came in a lager size and with a better cap .
product works as expected once instructions are followed . bottles are small but , for this price , you can't go wrong . i will purchase again .
me encanta esta fragancia es tan especial , a todas mis hermanas y cuñadas les gusto es especial para el hombre elegante , especial para mi esposo .
... but ... a big caveat . tis is a tiny bottle that is overly expensive . like way too expensive . not worth it at all .
these are itty bitty jewels but are very pretty . they look great too ! the price was just as good and very pleased my with my purchase !
product arrived on time and is great ; however , it was packed too tightly so several forms were ruined and unusable .
i never thought i would use so many colors but when i purchased this it was well worth buying i use it all the time .
makes your hair super silky and detangles easily ! not too heavy on the hair either and the smell is lovely too !
another loreal product that my wife dearly loves to use . she is a regular user and will be recurring purchaser .
this item is excactly as it is described and it does a great forming the nails and it works great anywhere does the nail
like these large quantites and low prices ! gentle soap that lasts in the shower or tub and with this quantity you don't have to run out right away .
i don't think it did any good to my hair . i didn't like the feel of the hair . it's totally useless .
for the price i actually prefer clear scalp & hair beauty therapy damage & color repair deep nourishing treatment mask .
this product is very good at keeping the frizzies at bay during humid or rainy weather . it sells for a good price and protects hair from intense heat .
i have natural 3c / 4a hair with protein overload . i just started using this and after one application my hair is soft .
it's not a huge tube , but it's a good product . i like the smell of it , and would recommend it .
i always give natural black soap a five star . great stuff .. its good stuff ... i would buy it again .. you should too .
it works ok but its not the greatest product but better then most doesnt make my hair bounce aremuch volume !
this product was like most mascaras in my opinion . where were the fiber extensions ? not in this product , i would not purchase this product again .
i really love this ! it really works ! ! i'm gonna have to get me another one ! ! you really should buy this
nyx products are cheap and quite good . this set is great you have a lot of options and the colors stay all day . thanks
this color is so versatile . it goes with gray , blue and even black . i get complements on it every time i wear it ! !
bought to help apply the jamberry nail stickers . works as should , and even like to help push cuticles back softly .
i love refreshed my skin feels after using this product . i love this line of products . my skin has never looked better and continues to improve .
i like this , it works and especially soft on relaxed hair with gel . very good product . one for life - perfect .
i use them when i can't make as tight line it make my day go much faster and love all the colors
it's a good product , tasty & good for you , but not big enough . i would prefer a bigger bottle , maybe 32 oz .
i use at work . dries very quickly and don't leave your hands sticky or feeling grease . the smell is light enough to not bore you .
i love this product . i use it on my hair every day after a shower . and in a bind i've used it for my skin as well .
my daughter just absolutely loves this crackle polish . she loved this gift . came in a nice little organizer which is always helpful
this is a great solution if you have a rash . i picked non-alcohol because my doctor suggested it . great price .
great purchase ! very heavy duty and does not tarnish . definitely worth the purchase especially at the price ! just get it ! ;)
all there is to say is ... it slices like butter ! ! ! if your looking for one this is the one 👍
polish went on smooth . very good distribution of dots . i will definitely be buying more polishes in this brand . happy with purchase .
i like the entire obagi line of skin care . it leave my skin feeling really clean and smoothe . i'd recommend it
a good product that does all it say's it will , when used an exfoliating routine .
my hair is a huge fan of this product . i recommend you use it , usually i think these sprays are worthless .. but not this one !
have used and loved entire obagi line for years . highly recommend for aging skin but start early ... you won't be sorry !
i am never bothering with other nail polish removers again . this works well , does not smell like gasoline , and does not leave my nails brittle .
this is the best brush i've ever used when it comes to eyeliner ! its very precise and leaves your eyeliner looking flawless !
it's the same stuff , folks ! my home manicure lasted almost a week . without this base coat , it lasts about a day . period .
does the job it's meant to do but i have a problem with the odd odor it leaves behind after i'm out of the shower .
good serum , worked great on dark spots . i also have sensitive skin and this didn't affect it in anyway . blends in well too !
great quality qtips and nice time to stock up since we always seem to run out without notice . will have a lot for awhile .
this is the best toner on the market . it cleans your face thoroughly after washing it . the service from the company is top notch and reliable .
i bought two of this for my girlfriend and my mother , they love it , smeells sooooo good . they are happy with this gift . great product .
the concealer itself is average , price is fair , problem is the pot is too small to get your finger or brush into the product .
love it , finally a product that really works . i've tried many products and none of them worked . really happy with this product .
it comes in a rather small bottle not as much as other brands for the same price . but the color is awesome and just like the photo .
they are very cute ! ! i love the colors of them . i definitly give this product 5 stars .
this is a really cute product to buy for nail art . i loved the little silver and golden stars . they got here really fast .
i may purchase this but i don't really see a difference . it does make your skin soft though . it's worth a try .
i use these for nail art on natural nails ( not acrylic ) . great variety for different tricks . :) i would buy again .
great colors . would like to see more sets in different vibrant colors , would also like to see black and white too .
i am so sick of cotton getting into my polish after i prep my nails . these wipes have made my polishing so much easier and neater .
i like it but i wish it moved like the olay , but alot of attachments but better more than less
even if it had 3 brushes , the case can carry more on the other side no need to mention the soft & high quality brushes
ordered this because i saw on a blog . i like it that it nice and dense . would definitely order sigma products again !
love it . takes very little to cover and silky feel . produces a very smooth base for foundation . lessens wrinkles and hides pores .
bought this on another web site love this product will purchase again . have to spread through hair to work well allow to set . then rinse .
this is a really bright green but great for summer . i did my 18 y / o niece's nails and she loved it ! !
everyone should use a toner after wsahing their face . if you saw all the dirt thats left behind you would not be happy ! great price for the quality
this is the perfect shade perfect consistency and a great price . will definitely purchase again ! its totally worth it :)
this system really showed promise , although i just stopped using it . someone who keeps up with it would definitely see results , i would say !
very bad quality product it dont make any grip properly ... if u want to waste your money then buy it ..
this makes my non-existent lashes look like lashes . i use it in conjunction with smashbox eyelash primer and love the results .
it smell great but it don't last at all i put it on and in five min its gone and its very light
the brand is reasonably priced . the powder isn't heavy , it's perfect for days you want to look natural ... but with a little help .
these acrylic powers are really great ! they work amazing and dry fast which is what i was looking for . thanks !
this stuff smells awesome ! i like it better than the rockaholic kind i had been using before , it gives way more fluffy volume and smells so good
these are not very good . they are not absorbant , and the layers fall apart easily . i would not purchase again .
so far no improvment in skin its done nothing i was told it would make sensitive skin soft and smooth .. can't tell it did anything ...
happy with all the designs , theres a lot of them , good quality , fast delivery , i just loved them , i'll buy more .
i can feel the pruduct working as soon as i apply it . my eyes are not puffy in the morning .
smells great , does the job in conditioning and isn't uber greasy so it provided the added moisture without all the clean-up of greases .
this cream smells delicious ! i didn't think it was that great of a moisturizer because it was like a dry cream .
pinkish color with a little sparkle . pretty in sunlight . long lasting . i would prefer a little more sparkle , but all in alll a good choice .
this makes my skin feel extremely clean and it smells up my whole bathroom and smells wonderful . i also like the idea of something more natural .
this hair clip is so colorful and gorgeous in person i never saw anything like them and so happpy to have it
this anti itch lotion is greatand the price is really reasonablewhen i buy it in store its over $ 10definitly orderin again
great color . frosted lipstick looks good with a slight tan . very summery . stays on lips . used this brand for 30 years .
harsh on skin , painful , abrasive . don't even know why i thought this would be anything i would like to try .
didn't see so much of a shine , but it does have a nice scent and it's not oily at all .
i'm so happy with these . they're super soft and incredibly useful . they're a part of my everyday makeup routine now !
i love how these brushes come so fast and how the acrylic just slides on the nail this is the second time i bought these and i highly recommend them
these clips work really well . i find them to work just as i need . they are gentle with the hair and yet hold well .
i am new to the whole fake lash world . these help me to put on the lashes as close as possible .
love the soft , natural bristles ! and for this type of brush , it is super affordable . i would definitely recommend it to anyone ;)
have used covergirl products for years . especially like the cg smoothers . will continue to order and use this product . thanks .
the brush is soft ! it looks beautiful ! apply great application ! i love real techniques brushes ! never fail to disappoint me !
did work like it was suppose to put on a royal blue polish but didn't look like what picture does won't but again looks are decieving
it felt very sticky and made my skin feel sticky all day , and gave me breakouts . horrible product .
this stuff is 10 times better than proactive and a much higher quality . this stuff will really zap those zits .
this henna works really well , gives great saturated color , and is for the most part chemical free . i hope amazon gets it back in stock soon .
nice and effective product , looks like i have my nails done in the salon , very easy to work with . thank you
i like to do my own nails , so this is perfect for me ! i love the assortment of the different shapes !
this product smells very nice and leaves my skin clean without feeling dry . it smells like real roses , which is refreshing .
after 7 days of use it seems to be lightning the stretch marks which is nice and the smell is pleasant unlike most
very disappointed in this product and i would not order it again . very harsh and not buffered , poor visual results .
these eye gels are amazing ! you can tell a difference after one use . my husband is using them too , great product !
i think its the best foundation brush on the market . easy to clean , good price , easy to buff the product into your skin .
way cheaper online than in the salons and this tiny bottle really lasts . i love the way it makes my hair look
the comfort grip and sharp blades make this a really good tool and good value for the price . i would recommend it .
i like the color , its a good fall color and looks good on my fair skin tone , happy with my purchase
easy to grab and go , this set is good ( though we all prefer one make of tools over another ) . but everything's here .
great product , it really works for men and women . controls frizz as much as you can with a spray product .
great couple of brushes ! they are super soft and are of great quality . i am especially loving the concealer brush !
i thought the color looked deep red but it is actually purple . i liked the color but not what i was looking for .
i didn't get much volume , but the brush is small and you can get the inner corners more easily . the cat cap is a cute touch .
i love nyx . they really don't disappoint and yet again , they didn't disappoint . this is a great sharpener . i totally suggest buying it .
this is my favorite scrub . beads are very fine so it doesn't feel like you are using sand . leaves skin soft and does not irritate my sensitive skin
love it this wig long and nice color ... but it tangles too fast but for the price its nice and would buy another one !
just the right shade when i go to church or any place i go out . i do not get out , except for church mainly .
this stuff is amazing ! i dont use alot of makeup because i end up getting oily after about a hour , this stuff is a life saver !
don't know that i will be able to use these . very tiny striping . may be better suited for a child's nails .
for me , it's not the best for anti-itch action but it does help . i find aveeno or physiogel ai work much better for me .
this is a very good body wash . it lathers well and has a pleasant floral scent which isn't too overpowering . good deal for the price .
i will continue to buy these pens as i need them . they are easy to use and work very well . worth the price .
the scraper is a waste of time it only scratches the image plates . the stamper on the other hand works well .
this product has been a good one . i was satisfied with my purchase . i would recommend this product for the price it would be worth your investment .
like the different shapes in the wheel , easy to pick up and they stay very good on the nail with just a top coat !
this product is so cheap . the lashes are stiff and the glue doesn't apply well on these .. but the price was cheap so ..
very mild cleanser - i like it a lot . i think it is one of the best cleansers around
these are nice . the zebra print was a big hit with me teenage daugther . she loves doing nail's and not they look good too .
love this product will continue to always order . going on my third order soon , love the way it feels on my face ! !
i really like this product , however it is a bit expensive . located a similar product in my local walmart which is acceptable .
you need to get used to using it but once you do , it does a fabulous job ! ! !
good for storage and travel but does not do a good job with the drying time , takes to long to dry in these .
perfect for dirty blonde hair , love , love , love it ! ! will keep continuing to buy when i'm out of what i have now .
did not work for my sensitive , breakout prone skin . it actually broke me out on my face and neck area .
remove make up , don't have any " off limits " chemicals , and they don't make me break out . plus they smell good .
i've been using this for more than 10 years . it's the best brow product on the market for me . it stays and the color is natural .
ive only used it a few times but its great - dries evenly and i can dry my hair anywhere in the house
i use this in my homemade soaps and it works great ! i will definitely be purchasing again . now always has good quality stuff for good prices .
white seems to be the new nail polish each summer . this is a very light mint green color . perfect for summer !
bought this for my husband . he loved it and looks very handsome using this . smells great and will buy again .
excellent product ... not a bubble bath which is fine because this is more soothing and leaves skin very refreshed ... will get again with subscribe and save
i always have one of these in my purse . it doesn't have a scent , which is prefect for me . and its not oily or greasy
this is the only hairspray ill use . it holds well and doesn't leave white residue if you run your fingers through your hair
no good for a face cream ! will not mix well with any make up and leaves a terrible waxy feeling on the skin .
it feels good on my skin . i'll see how it is doing after i have used it a little longer .
the wig fits over all of my hair and i have a lot of it . people think its mine perfect for the summer
although there was some powder spilled inside the packaging , it didnt seem to be the powders in my case though thank goodness !
a pleasant and lasting fragrance . i was expecting it to be over powering but it is definitely not .. a little goes a long way .
wish it came with instructions . took several tries to learn how to do use it but got the hang of it now .
great product , comes very hard but softens and puffs up after using warm water on them .
i use this with other products in the line and have been enjoying them . much cheaper then some of the other brightening brands .
in my 50 plus years of wearing makeup this is the best foundation that i have ever used . 5 stars
stamps fairly well nice and opaque most of the time not as solid as i'f like all the time but mostly a good product
awful.fake , cheap , don't buy it . its just waste of money . its made of plastic and looks like a plastic . bad bad bad .
perfect for taking any blonde color out of my white hair . its gentle enough too that you can leave it on for awhile to really let it work .
all though i cant afford the cost on an everyday usage but give it a try and youll love it iam sure
just the list of the great vitamins and nutrients that this product has in it is enough to sell itself ... so great for your skin
i love everything rusk and i love this leave-in-conditioner ! not only does it smell good , but it also keeps my hair smooth , soft and shiny ! =d
it shows up as almost a dark brown and not green i was hoping for more of a green gold but it's definitely more of a brown green .
love this flat iron ! temps up to 450 , digital , lightweight , and the plates move . great on my crazy curly hair
these combs do what they are supposed to do , no problem . they seem a tiny bit scratchy on the scalp though .
love these they are super sharp which makes it easier to trim nails and the nail catcher adapter is a good addition it can be removed if needed
i bought it for my mother in law , the color is great but not for dark skin . not my choice
love ibd just gel , but i can't get around this color.cute for a pre-teen , too pinky for most anything .
it takes the polish off my nails quicker than lightning , so much better than sitting and scrubbing my fingers off with regular nail polish remover !
i love this one . it's right on my hand . the size and the color are both to my satisfaction . i will use it more often .
i used this product when on the go and it is life save . it does make pimple disappear faster . easy to apply and easy to use .
the short sexy hair quick change shaping balm did not do anything for me . i couldn't recommend to anyone else .
soo far so good , hopefully it helps my skin since i have such sensitive skin and can't use just any soap .
great price , arrived quickly , nice quality . very happy with this product . the case is a nice quality as well . very happy overall .
what ark work done but have a shaky hand well theses are remarkable .. you can do so much with this tape .
i really like this . it stays in v . pretty to wear , it does not look cheap but was cheap to buy .
ordered the pink , and it is very pretty . case is well made , and washes and drys well . will order more colors .
i used this once and my skin looked fabulous . it's a great exfoliator and at a great price . try it !
highly recommended . if you want a sweet yummy scent lasting all day without being overpowering this is for u . i am almost out already ... lol
this is great ... unless you have a hint if dryness . then it will make you flake wherever that dryness is ( even if you've moisturized before applying )
it's ok for the price . it's build-able and awesome for highlighting , contour , and cover whatever you need . i like it so far .
bought it but i have not yet use it . so 3 stars for now . will update after i use it
nail decorating ! assorted nail gems , exactly what you see . lots of variety to choose from - cant complain about it .
best stuff when it comes to quick weaves saves so much time with glue removal perfect
this plate has a great selection of designs . my favorite is the floral in the top row . i use it on clients constantly .
i purchased this product for my mother , she brags about how soft her skin has become since using this product .
won't do my nails without it ! makes them dry fast so no worries when i go to bed ! love it !
this is a nice cleanser for oily skin . i use it daily and my skin feels great . i also got a great price through amazon !
i've never used this brand before . this is better than i thought . it works well with my skin . i like this foundation . good product .
perfect for lipsticks and lip glosses . i have since ordered 2 more . ( yes i have a lipstick addiction )
i have been using it after i shampoo and haven't seen much of a difference so won't reorder the product .
great to travel with and if you are on the go ! i used this for a cruise and a weekend get away with the girls
its alright . i don't feel my face is any cleaner than if i had used a washcloth . my daughter loves playing with it in the bath tub .
i love this it makes my skin niceand soft . i especially like to use it around my eyes it leaves tehm nice and soft
all my real techniques brushes are my favorite , and i can't believe how inexpensive they are ! i plan to own everyone of them .
the quality of biore pore strips have gone down over the years . the adhesive is not as strong but still does the job on some blackheads , bluh yuck
great product for the price , light feel and atractive smell , good for curly and straight hair , i use after my wen , perfect combo .
smells great and it works great . my kitty loved it and did not claw me like he does when i try to put him in the tub .
was easy to use i was glad to get mthis at such a good price will be a return buyer
it smells nice and seems to do the job of shine pretty well . if it didn't cost so much , i would buy it again .
the rubber bands are cheap looking . you can see the two ends unevenly connected by glue . also they are extremely tight , they give me a headache .
its a simple bag . not much room but perfect for a quick travel or going out bag . pretty colors and not too flimsy .
it looks so good on one of my makeup guru at youtube tutorial , but it looks so orangey on me after applied .
this oil is great.not only do i use it for my natural african american hair but i use it as a air freshner.the sent linger for a long time .
ive been wanting to try this hairspray for a while now , not bad but probably wont repurchase , not any better then the way cheaper brands i've boughten .
i uses every time i ironed my hair and it works perfectly fine and my daughter to we love it
i like this . a nice alternative to the much more expensive clinique version and it doesn't irritate my skin or make me breakout .
i am very impressed with this product . it works very well and i would recommend it to others to build a great tan .
i love shany eye shadows , they always have a lot of pigment / shine and stay on for a long time !
used in conjenction with serum , it produces visible results fast . only complaint : it stings and causes copious tearing if it gets too close to the eye .
i really like the feel of this gel on my skin . i have been using it for a few days now and feel that it is working .
gave my skin a radiant tone , great to hide burns or eczema on face or neck area .. love it . wow
i really like this cologne . the scent isn't overpowering and it lasts for the entire day . one of my wife's favorites . will buy this again .
nice little brush but would like it to be larger for what i use it for . like the choice of colors .
they are pretty but i was disappointed at how similar the colors are to each other .
i have used this for years and i love this the absolute most of all cleansers i have ever tried
this perfume is a must have for women who want a casual but professional scent . it is very nice and the price isn't too bad .
this is a life saver for those who have sensitive , itchy skin.great price - much less than aveno , but just as effective .
i love the product and having a travel size avaiable is a boon . the product was recommneded by a dermatologist and i am pleased with it .
it works about the same as any other bleach for your hair . came with instructions so it's good for people who might not necessarily know what they're doing .
this is so far one of my favorite colors for opi . it looks exactly as its name indicates , naked , and of course sexy .
caused break-outs after first use . very thick and greasy . will not be buying again . at least this makes a good body moisturizer .
wonderful product as always . i was excited to see that i could buy it online instead of going into the mall .
great product ! ! a little drop goes a long way ! feel amazing on my skin ! makes my scar so soft !
i love this perfume ! ! so light and fruity ! great summer scent ! and the bottle is adorable ! great gift for any woman !
starting working after a week . i seriously noticed a difference and i already bought a second . also helped with acne scars .
this was very cute i want to give it away to a little girl but i just can't bear to give it up
easy to use as rhinestones on nail art decorations . very small , which is what you want , so be prepared . good color selection .
gift for my daughter with thick hair touching the bottom of her hips . took forever to dry but not anymore . lightweight and turbo fast .
i like the texture of this product and the smooth finish i get from it .
my daughters have thick and curly hair . this is a great detangler . i have tried many and this one works . highly recommended !
i like this product and will have to see if it continues to help my skin . i think it is a bit pricey for the current results .
love these facial sponges on the with the avon clearskin professional deep pore cleansing scrub or your favorite cleanser . lather up and try them - they work !
i'd recommend this for a gift for a teen - cute pink case , great for travelling . keeps your makeup from being crushed .
i like this cleanser cause it doesn't dry my skin out and puts moisture into my skin .
nice color , good formula ( used two coats , easy to apply ) , lasted one week with a base coat & top coat .
definitely makes a difference in the duration of my manicures . easy to use and worth the money . manicures have gone from 3 days to 5 .
love this kit . it really does have the essential eye brushes . i've learned how to use them by watching jaclyn hill's make up tutorials on you tube .
covergirl mascara produces a good product . i am a senior so i did not expect fabulous lashes since i've lost them , but the mascara goes on nicely .
i bought this for my daughter's prom . it went really well with her dark purple dress . too dark to wear for everyday occasions for me .
overall , not impressed with this product . i used it for two months and saw no noticeable improvement in my skin .
love this nail display . great size & made very sturdy . it was better than i expected . very happy with my purchase on this one .
these brushes apply your makeup evenly and with precision every time . they will give your eyes , lip and face a flawless finish .
i like it but before ordering check the measurements because i expected to be huge in size ! but its very small !
i heard it has a mixture of her blood , some semen from god knows who and something poisonous ... uh no thank you .
love this stuff ! i can make my short do perky and know it won't dry out my hair ! never without it ! love this line of products !
way too thick and dried streaky . i know all about gel polish and proper curing , this polish was worthless . threw it out .
i found this brush to be well made and very reasonably priced . i now own several so that i always have one handy when needed .
i like it lot quality is very good n most imp thing my baby was looking awesome i love it
these are large and holding your place . very easy to put in your hair and clip down snaps on place they're great .
i use this product everyday . it does wonders to my hair . i get beautiful curly curls . i recommend this product .
pros all 10 color design beauty . females adult should proper of age . zero cons or could be considered heavy or big
makes your skin super soft . silky to the touch love this product highly recomend it to everyone .
cant go a week without giving myself a facialand this steamer just makes me relaxis super fasteasy to clean and work so great
the powder works okay , but it does seem to hold long . i think it would be great for shorter hair
it's a great product at a good cost . makes your skin feel good . very satisfied . also the expiration date is on the product .
i like the product as is it has a soft fragrance and a little goes a long way . i recommend the product , especially for the price .
i did not care for the aroma of this product however the product does work well in hair but just dont like smell
this beats the smell of anything at bath and body works . you talk about aroma therapy ! this will cheer up anyone .
i love this product … i have tried expensive ones with no much change , but this cream works well i am 39 !
product is great for making hair of body creams or butters . the smell is awesome . i mix it with my shea butter and create a great moisturizer
i used for a lil while . cant say i was too impressed , but it did its job eventually.it ' s ok .
this is a great primer . the slight tint added helps even out uneven skin tone . glides onto the skin so makeup can glide right over it !
seems to work well ! i scrub it in thoroughly and rinse . i do believe the tea tree oil is helping my skin condition to clear .
everything was great and this product left my hair and my moms very soft and shiny will buy again ! ! !
i have used it for two weeks , and can't tell the difference on my skin . i will like to return this products , and get a refund .
this has too much of a red tone to it ! i end up looking like supper orange after wearing it for a whole day ! ! !
what more can you say or ask for . it is a nice black that coats nicely . great for layering over tape for designs .
great product for quick trims ... on bangs , mustaches , eyebrows etc . light weight and sharp . just try not to run with them .
the laahes are ok ... i will not use them for personal use.but for a dramatic photoshoot they will work . the lashes are too thick and stiff .
coach's poppy perfume is awesome ! very young and fresh . great for teens and preteens , as well as adults ! also has a relatively long lasting time .
i use this along with almond oil , and pure castor oil on my hair daily , and i really like how it makes my hair feel .
i love my blues goes on great , high lights blue eyes , very complimentery . i will be back to purchase a few more w / my daghter
nice little sponges , thick , durable , they do not plump up much when wet , overall does the job of blending makeup .
i havn't used this product yet so im really not sure i bought it to use under my arms . we'll see
i think i used half of the bottle already.looks good on all color skin , young and old , i love !
i loved the different designs plus it was really cheap to buy then the regular ones and alot of varity .
this product arrived exactly as advertised . the caps are big enough to hold my long hair , and they're pretty comfortable . they're a good buy .
i used this for my thinning ages , this didn't work for me . i used it as directed bust didn't see any change on my edges .
great cleansing and exfoliating mask . not only do i enjoy its benefits but my daughters love it to , we have girls nights and they love facial masks !
i bought this for myself and my mom because it was cheap . will not buy again as we both noticed skin tags developing on our necks
always the best lipliner . i've tried many other brands , including clinique and lancme , and this one is the best by far .
i love this for my fake eye lashes but this was like watery and it cost less at target , don't be lazy like me just go buy it .
this is a good set . they work just as well as the konad ones i have . the plates are a little thinner and can have sharp edges .
arrived quickly and the color is precise to the photo . i am very pleased ! i will definitely be ordering more soon !
it was heavy and it didn't define my curls it made my hair heavy and lay flat the product was to thick for my hair
did nothing for my acne and no i didn't notice brighter skin either . keep looking ! ! i would not recommend it at all
using to hold raw organic unrefined shea butter to give to friends and family as it works so well on rashes and burns .
it is no where near a gloss ! i would have thought it was concealer if i didn't know it was lip gloss !
there very pretty and they got here very fast and i also got the two butterfly charms
it came before the actual due date very pleased , its not cheap and very sturdy product i am very happy
very very cute ! ! ! this polish has a very chic , non goopy formula . gives the best amount of sparkle for a girly mani / pedi .
did not bond well with the silk nails , would never purchase this item again , not as it was advertised .
my go to tingle for routine tanning .. i switch it up with love hurts , but for the most part this is my favorite tingle these days ...
i gifted it for my friend in india - he likes the bottle and smell . its a good value for money .
this si great its not too sheer really looks natural but gives an even color . good quality polish . i will buy again once i am out
a great travel companion for my daughter . it conveniently fits in the purse and comes in handy when she needs a touch up !
not as expected - would not recommend this product to anyone . sorry i spent the money - won't do it again
i had no problem with my order , the time frame shipped and quality of the product . thank you . :-)
i have used it for over a month and i do see a difference.it takes time , but it does work and i do see the fine linesgoing away .
this makes my skin feel like a baby's butt . i love it . it smells great and is easy to use .
it's pretty but too big . little bit smaller will be perfect , i haven't see any client choice it yet , :( (
i bought these to do at home manicures . i have no complaints . sturdy products and they get the job done .
the balm is so thick . you know that eye balm should be used for several months and we can see the effects . wait and see .
i ordered this hoping to get my lashes to grow stronger and fuller . i barely started using so i am hoping for great results .
a little bigger than i would want to , but this thin certainly does the job ! i am satisfied with the blades , and recommend the product .
great stuff for your skin ... makes your skin feel like silk ... it is well worth using ... benefits galore and you glow glow glow
these are my favorite lashes . they're so natural . i can't say enough about them ! comfortable and easy to wear ! =)
i ordered this and thought the blue would look great in my red hair , but instead i got the light pastel barrette .
use this product ! ! alternating between this and moroccan oil when i flat iron keeps my hair very healthy and manageable !
my skin feels great after using it , very gentle and skin feels great for days afterwards . used with the serum as suggested
i love this brush ! it leaves my hair feeling very soft . it doesn't rip my hair , either . i would highly recommend it !
i put this on my freshly washed hair and it leaves my hair soft and manageable without having an oily feeling . it works great .
this nail polish is awesome i just love it for summer winter whatever it satys on and no chipping . i would recomend this to everyone .
very nice fragrance and the size you get for this price is amazing.only complain is that it doesn't stay on for long ... maybe just 2-3 hours.would order again
too many chemicalsbought due to simple face wash but read label sometime ! should be under the hood of a cartoo $ $ $ also
this product is exactly what i expected . there are two tan wig caps . they do a good job of keeping your hair from showing outside your wig .
i just had to buy a crimper , i had one back in the day and my nieces are crimping their hair too !
love the price and cant wait for the other stuff to come in l am so excited all my friend are gonna have there nails done this summer lol
this face wash is really nice - my skin feels clean & fresh after i use it , and it doesn't dry out like with some cleansers .
these are perfect for last minute touch ups especially when wearing dark eyeshades ! even helpful to help guide how far out your eyeshadow goes .
it works as advertised but is a bit expensive for what you get , so happy with purchase but will probably look elsewhere in the future
this brush works miraculously at detangling my daughter's extra fine hair knots painlessly.recommended to all parents with long-haired kids who are still learning to take care of their manes !
this thing is great ! ! it works so well i would recommend this to anyone ! great price as well can't beat this .
really to early to tell if this product works as advertised since i just received it , smells good just hope it works as well as it is advertised
this works well with my gelish nail colors . makes it easy to wipe without leaving any residue behind or marks .
these make for a very relaxing bath . run a hot bath before bed , pour some in & relax . you'll sleep like a baby !
this flat iron it amazing , it works really well and straightens hair the quickly . it heats up quickly and straightens the hair without causing too much damage .
she uses this palette every day . has lots of colors to choose from . i would recommend it to any person .
this is my holy grail hair product . i have been using this for nearly five years , and i immediately repurchase it whenever i run out .
they do the job . these worked great for dotting and filling in chipped spots . i love doing nail art on my nails and these work perfect .
great nourishing soap but the best part is that it actually smells like coconut - smells beachy and fresh . will definitely buy again .
the product works well enough for four stars . i think i need a little more time to work with it , but i like it .
it is expensive but it does a great job . it is not harsh on your skin or nail like other polish removers and the scent is great .
the colours don't stay for to long , so you need to wet the brush for long lasting and stronger shades .
it is a dark grey color with 2 coats . very pretty and often mistaken for black by my fiance . would buy again .
another great product . just love this biotin b-complex thickening conditioner . it really helps the hair to look fuller and to grow .
not for me , i will give it to my husband or sons it does smell alot like irish spring and i don't like that soap .
love this brush ! cuts drying time in half ! great for crazy , thick , frizzy hair ! you can't go wrong with this item !
it creases within a few hours even if i use a eyelid primer . will not purchase again will stick to powder
this was an excellent value for the price , there are so many designs to choose from ! very happy with purchase !
this palette is so handy for many different looks , smokey-eyes , and bright makeup . great for multi-purpose use and any look you desire !
three of these were so tight i could not use them ; but 3 were okay . worth the low price ; quality was fairly good .
love this little package - - perfect colors and the gel is great . the gel makes my brows so soft and the browns are very natural .
awesome fragrance and soft skin . i love it and the price is right . i would recommend to anyone . will be buying this one again .
very good product for moisturing your face . it makes the face feel soft and it gives it a nice dewy glow .
this really did not do anythign for my pimples . my pimples just stayed the same . also this item so tooo expensive for it not to work .
i love the way this stuff makes my hair feel , but it makes my face breakout if it gets near my skin .
pretty good but doesn't hold as well as some have stated . all cheap products fail in some way or another but it still does the job !
the tape does not get a good seal and it allows polish to leak under so it just doesn't work .
these flowers are of exceptional quality . each one is packed with loving care . i love it so much that i plan to order again !
this scent is bearable . i is not my favorite but i have received compliments from others when wearing it . very fruity and floral .
very pleased with the serum , you put it on and notice instant difference in the way your hair feels . does not weigh it down .
easy to use , low odor , high spf and safe for everyone - it's not just for baby at my house !
great for curly hair in different types of weather conditions . definitely recommend it to anyone with curly hair . people also compliment me on how nice it smells .
loving this base coat , so glad i purchased it ! my nails have not looked this good in ages . definitely the best base coat i've ever used !
this product didn't seem to help my already wavy hair with curls . it felt very sticky and seemed to weigh my hair down .
great stuff if used along with all of proactiv product line . i've found out you can't skip any of the products and get the best results .
really light and refreshing . i use it , day and night as i rarely go outdoor . it is refreshing and my skin longs for it .
a lot of people try different shampoos .. i have yet to stray . it is so weird . i started and never left . that should say enough ..
i'm a hairstylist for 20 + yrs . i've used several flat irons . for the price and quality . the remington iron is excellent .
these beads are all the same size but varied in color and the color selection is nice . i love using these for nail decor :)
i love this palette great pigmentation and a variety of colors . most of the colors are matte and few shimmers .
was very happy to see these available on amazon for such a good price . these are the best eye makeup remover pads for travelling .
actually makes my hair softer , not sticky and calms the curliness into a nice wave . love this stuff and definitely recommend
it was okay . i use it sometimes but like the other highlighter i have better than this one i purchased .
these brushes are the softest and best quality . i am surprised that they are only this price . i am in love these products .
smells wonderful , lightly moisturizing and the color is subtle . be careful around your elbows , knees and ankles , mine turned a bit orange
these are cute but they stretch out almost immediately and you will need a stronger elastic to hold your hairstyles . they are great patterns and colors !
i'll use the precleanse before i get in the shower and then follow it with the daily microfoliant . great combo !
saved a couple dollars than if i went to the mac store will shop again if she has more thanks a bunch !
the description says it would make my skin feel pulsating . i didnt feel anything . this is an okay one not the great one .
mizani has the best products on earth . forget all your other products . throw them in the trash and purchase mizani .
never again would i purchase this ... it is very sticky and looks like heck on . never again . stick to whatever it is you've used for ages .
my favorite is the chanel stamp it looks so classy and was easy and clear to stamp without a problem .
im still trying to figure out how to make the bun look absolutely perfect , but non the less worth the money . my husband loves my lil bun :)
it is what you pay for . the bad thing is that it doesn't stay in your eyelashes that much . you will drop black tears ! !
compatable , unique one of a kind drys my nail fast no mess is great ford yuur home and all that you will not regret or wast your money .
i use this concealer all over my face on any blemishes and as an under eye concealer as well . works great , never creases and last all day .
my daughter adores this product 100 % ! ! for the combined price of both for the conditioner and the shampoo , i will definitely re-order !
the raw shea lotion is an excellent product for hair , body and skin . i love the smell its very light .
over priced for the results . a little goes a long way , but i did not find the results as good as advertised .
bought this as a bronzer brush and it holds the bronzer really well ! blends really nice on my face and feels soft and smooth !
this product not only didn't cover gray , but it didn't grab my hair at all . not worth the price and special order .
i know most people will think okay this is impossible but yes this conditioner does work and it leaves your hair smelling amazing .
super fast shipping and great price.it works amazing for my little spadays and everything was just whati thought they would be .
these work great ! my daughter who is loving nail art , loves these . she had such a fun birthday ! thanks so much !
i love this set so much . the smiley faced are adorable and i love the selection of tools . would highly reccommend ! ! !
these are my favorite lipcolors . i love the way they go on , and stay on . there is no cracking and lots of colors to choose from .
and the hidden zipper is a nice touch . does not pick as easy as other satin pillowcases i have had .
no issues at all with this product . was a great price and works great ! i would purchase this product again .
cap supports and protects my hair nicely . keeps everything in its place while protecting my hair from cotton pillowcase . great !
too thick and when i go to use them on my nails , they get streaks .. not my favorite . i'll be ordering a different kind ..
i cant say enough about this product , been using two years and i dont go a day without using it . absolutely love it
very pretty . looks like snow on my fingers and has great staying power . it does take 3 coats to make it opaque .
was waaaayyyyy too harsh for my sensitive skin . waste of money for me ! i hope it worked for everyone else who tried it .
products come on time or early . i like that . very good bonder . i love it !
a gift and my greaddaughter wears it all he time it looks great and pretty in her black hair thanks si much for your product
best dish soap ! smells great and its great for sensitive skin . i like the pump and the design of the bottle looks great in my kitchen .
love this perfume , it smells great and lasts all day . i've received alot of compliments . i would definitely recommend this to anyone .
these are well made and perfect for the price . they stretch to fit the head and do not rip or run . i highly recommend these .
i like these brushes , there's a variety for any purpose . i like that there are really tiny brushes for delicate work
the smell of this is phenomenal and the feel it's just as great i would highly recommend this to anyone
i use this stuff all the time . it makes my face feel moist without being dry . always keep it in stock .
kind of cheaply made . seems like rubbing paper over your nails but eventually it will work . just takes a little bit .
i sent this to my sister and her color is lasting better . she says that she also finds that she has less frizz .
definitely keeps your skin hydrated , and after a few days my skin felt nice , i would definitely buy this again
lengthens my lashes and lasts a long time---wears well . sometimes the stores sell out of it so have to order it . it is a good product
this was a top beauty buy of 2012 and it is a cheap and great buy for a hair dryer works great buy and deal
for all hair types . this is a terrific product and you will love how it makes your hair feel . bargain price .
i love this make up brush holder ! reason i bought it is because it looks so unique ! everything fits perfectly and looks really nice
favorite color of this eyeshadow collection . very nice color for all seasons . stays on literally all day . very creamy and a great primer as well .
product arrived in bubble wrap , is of high quality and excellent style . i have looked 2 months for matte nail polish . great product
great for keeping bugs off my face and neck while biking - stays cool as well . wish i had gotten it sooner , definitely worth the price !
my hair was too thick for it . i would have suggested a different material . do not waste your $ $ $ ! low quality
quem pediu usa para retirar a maquiagem . afirma que é muito bom e funciona legal . facilita bem o processo . diz que vale a pena .
purchased for my home use , this works great and at such a reasonable cost . i would recommend this to others . fast shipping was a plus .
good stuff . holds hair ( style ) in place without being greasy or tacky or hard and flaky . has a nice smell and i would recommend .
this product was good and came very fast . it works really well , sticks my eyelashes right on my eyes like it should .
normal is not bad , not great , but good moisturizer and smell ... i thought it was the best ... but it's not bad anyway ...
great buy ! i like it saved alot of money too ! i would definitly recommed this to any one who wants a good bunn
i have been looking for a pure green mint with no sparkle , this is perfect . it applies very pale but still bright .
fun and funky stuff to play around with.what a great choice of colors and a lot of product.will make me happy for a long time
great tool ... good quality worth the money ... when you purchase them i would recommend buy them in quantities ... 4 or five ... i would buy them again
good shampoo , especially for the summer it deep cleans , without stripping color from your hair , and gives you hair wonderful shine and body !
this face cream is very good if you have dry skin . it is a moisturizing cream and you feel and can see the differenceimmediately .
my husband thought that the individually packaged pads make it very convenient to use . it's much easier to use than other products that do the same thing .
solid shea butter . that is much too nourishing for the hair , any hair , maybe for very brittle hair . this is a bad idea badly conceived .
this is a great dry shampoo . better for blondes since i do see a white powdery look if i use too much . but this seriously smells great !
i love this era in which we can use hairspray without letting everyone know that we are doing it . this is the most effective i've ever used .
i like it's pure smell and i grate it into the rest of the mixture when i make my own laundry product . it makes great suds
none of the shape is for me ... and eyebrow shaping is still a hard thing for me now .. what a pity ..
this is a wonderful set . loved it , loved it , loved it . this is a must buy for any nail tech
no clumping and good coverage . stays on ' til you take it off . i've subscribed to make sure i never run out .
these are really annoying . they fall off really easily . i dont reccomend them though . they arent that good . they fall everywhere
this polish goes on smoothly and dries quickly . the color received is exactly as depicted in the photo . it's a deep olive green .
this works really great to keep your hair smooth and frizz free . i have thick hair and i apply before i use my straightener . works great ! !
i have very fine thin hair . this product just weighed it down . i could not hold a style . i'm stuck with another useless product ..
i use this daily and it really does cover up and lasts all day . i will be purchasing this again . thanks !
this has become my go to brush . easy to clean and holds lots of liquid . wishing i had bought 2 so i would have a spare .
it's a very pretty color ( white tear ) . however , in terms of wearing it daily , the sparkles and glitter in it make it very childish .
i have smelled some clary sage that i did not particularly care for . this one is great . smells good alone of mixed with many oils ,
the best mascara i've ever found . does not flake off under the eye and does not get on my contacts ... luv it
this stuff works perfect ! i would recommend it to a friend . it was a very successful purchase - must try !
1.5 mm micro needle roller skin care therapy dermatology system hurts so bad that i am not able to used it . not sure if you obtain results .
seems to be working . it is creamy , easy to apply and helps with the redness . a good moisturizer .
the name of the product represents exactly what it look like ! very nice mascara , i will buy more for some friends .
this color pallet is great for just about everyone.it creates a really nice natural look and the color lasts
a lip gloss that is too dry to appear , worst then kids gloss the color does not show up don't buy
i have been very pleased with the gelish products , and this set is the best without buying a lot of products i didn't need .
i purchased one of these for myself and my mother in law . arrived quickly and correct product . i love the mascara highly recommended .
smells ok . this isn't the best shea butter i have gotten , but it feels great on my skin which is more important
this does not work well at all . waste of two dollars . it really is . don't buy unless you can work wonders lol
works great every time i use it to remove my gel polish and i will buy it again and again
great for curly updos not regular ones great for beginners only get this doll if you wanna wrk with ethnic hair
its a must have ! cute as pictured and not plastic or cheap looking (: i would definetly recommend this item (:
for the price it was a good enough deal ... but after a while the motor makes a lot of noise and speeds up too much !
this shampoo lathered up very quickly and made my hair and scalp feel fresh and clean . the fragrance of the shampoo was very nice .
this was recommended and smells great and works great too ! use a little or a lot , looks natural . wash hands as soon as you are done .
i got these for my granddaughter . this are great to make tiny tiny dots on her fingernails . she loves them .
great blush or highlight . i'm not liking it for my lips just because it's a strange consistency to have on your lips . but it's a lovely product .
i have no complaints about these nail forms . they do what they are supposed to . and i was able to create very lovely nails .
well for me when you to cut a bit for each cause the line they attach the eyelash with the box and it really thick
i love buying nail supplies and this product is another great additiuon to my collectio and it's great quality as well .
i use this with my mia , as suggested by others , and it cleans nicely while being gentle on the skin .
i didnt like the color or the item . a thumbs down not worth buying too old of a product . i feel like ninety when i wore this
it give me more rhinestone to put on my nails to make more lines and different type of flower on my nails
i have not really had a chance to try it yet . i did use a little when i first got it and it left my skin feeling oily .
these clamps are great ! i use these when i fix my hair , and i really recommend them . they do the job .
i have a severe sensitivity to smells and this is the only body wash i have found that i can tolerate . it really is fragrance free .
very good for oily hair , hair with product residue and dandruff . nice smell , much like tea tree oil and good for highlighted hair
i like this palette . nice colors and pigment . my favorite for every day use . i don't really like the brush thats included though .
fun color , a lot more glittery then i expected but i do like it . the glitter is kind of a blue mixed with purple .
these are great ! they are a quality product and have the perfect variety of sizes . perfect for nail art :)
my daughter loves this scent and i love it on her . she has bought several bottles since it came out . very nice
these are super stinky - like pure chemicals . plus they are so cheap . fairly soft , but i couldn't get past the smell - threw them out .
this soap is awesome . my dad recommended it to me and i am glad i tried it . gets you clean and keeps you smooth . great stuff !
this is the best cleanser out there . my young adult acne has decreased by at least 50 % . works best with a clarisonic .
i really like this for a stick , which i usually don't like ! this one is different , because it covers , and it is easy to blend !
it is very well although i received the shimerry ones and not the bright ones ... i would buy it again .
i'm fairly white , this is perfect for contouring . i was hesitant on ordering because it looks so damn dark but it blends nice .
i like the casing it is cute . can't wait to play with them . they look really nice , bright and colorful .
this is a good product . it's the only one that does not make me break out . i will be ordering this again
love the ajurvedic smell of this product - this oil is effective and somewhat affordable , works great ! will buy again for sure !
if you are used to the pmd , then you have to try the red heads . it is the next step in your skin care regimen .
i have long hair & i curl the ends everyday for work . this curling iron is the perfect size & price !
these are really good . they travel well too . its way better than nail polish , but you have to be careful with them
this is a very good color to layer over a deeper shade i have had salon manicures with this color and am looking forward to the versatility
now for the fun stuff ... this palette has all your fun colors in one place to create bold and fun eye looks ! love these palettes from shany !
do not buy . the smaller ones work great , but the larger ones fall apart upon brushing over your makeup powders and your face . disappointed .
i felt like it didn't do anything to my hair and it left a film that i hate in my hair . not my fave suave product .
loved this cocoa butter because it is very fresh and high quality--great for soap making ! thank you for carrying this product
cannot get the suction cups to work on either of my vanities . will stick to the mirror but who wants a flat iron sticking off their mirror ? ?
this is a fun blue / green color ... perhaps a little greener than this picture indicates . i love the cnd shellac . it stays on 8-14 days .
this brush along with the whole real technique line are great .. soft .. leaves a perfect finish .. definitely will be buying more to have extra ..
lovee this smell . it doesn't seem to last that long on my guy's body but it does smell really good .
this body wash has a nice scent and you don't need very much for a good lather . a good value and lasts a long time .
i don't like this product . it feels like you are putting school glue under your eyes and doesn't hydrate the skin at all .
my favorite primer hands down . i always want to try something new but come back to this one every time . so smooth !
i ordered this cologne for my husband after smelling it in the store . price was good , shipping time was accurate and we received the bottle intact .
i find the same quality as expensive brushes but with the added benefit of being eco and cruelty free ! i recommend trying them !
it is convenient to use , and very good at cleaning my face . i like it ! i will recommend it to my friends .
inexpensive body lotion with aloe . it soothes your skin and replenishes just enough moisture . as larry david would put it , this product is prettay prettay good .
liked this product but was a bit pricy , i would definitely buy it again if it were less expensive . does it work ? absolutely !
gorgeous color and attractive love these colors so much that the color much seems clear and distinct ... very coolthank you
shipping was okay . i like the smell of this and i would buy this again . i wear this to work . it lasts long .
the case realy does smell but easy fix just air it out . and the brushes do shed but not to bad . works for what i need them for
for durability , shipment , price , results of nail art , i rate it all a five . i will purchase more in the future .
this is a good pure white , i use 2 coats to obtain opaque white . it has a nail polish like consistency . no complaints from me . :)
i love my bubble baths - and like these natural ingredients - smells great - offers a great bubble bath - good size for a good price
awesome product , i use it more as a regular conditioner , as my hair is very dry . i highly recommend this product for great results reasonably priced .
these work like a charm . be aware that they are very thin . look fantastic on my nails . wish they were in a variety of thickness .
i love this daytime face-cream but the fragrance is so powerful it crushes any perfume you'd want to wear - otherwise works well ! : )
this product effectively tames and smooths hir that tends to be frizzy and to grow big in humid conditions . i love it !
i was mistaken in selecting this item , i was under the impression it would enhance the hair drying experience , but it did not .
i like this facial cleanser . it's not too thick and doesn't leave my skin feeling tight or as if there's a residue left on it . just clean .
and there is a reason ... it works ! not if you want star eyelashes , but if you want pretty everyday normal person eyelashes .
was the first of a mixed order to arrive . live to experiment when i see a good bargain , and these were . as described ; very pleased .
this oil has different consistency compare to josie maran argan oil . it doesn't worth the money , there is a lot of room for quality improvement .
colors are pretty , great for making designs on the nails although they dont last on the nail very long . good buy .
i make my own hair care products . i add this to my mixture of oil to keep my scalp and hair from drying out . very good .
this product is emollient and therapeutic . i've tried many other hand creams.but , this one has given me the best results .
haven't used this yet but there is a good variety of color . the container does a good job if keeping each color in its own compartment .
this item is very nice i give this item to my husband and he loved it ! ! ! and it came right on time .
love this little thing the color is so nice and delicate , pretty and little container is just comfortable to travel with . thank you
i use this ointment when i have occasionally breakouts . it dries up the pimples quickly and leaves no scar . great stuff !
i bought this for my daughter who has a massive amount of curly natural hair and it fit perfectly . thank you .
i use this as a 3 step system and i love all the products . my skin feels the best it has in years
not sure it really improves anything , but it does make your hair feel nice while it's in use . dries quickly too .
this was so much cheaper than on the clinique website . i love the color and it stays on a long time .
does anyone know how often we can use the tca 25 % peel ? i think it works pretty good , i would buy again .
she got these to use when practicing putting makeup on other people both in and out of school for cosmetology
it's ok , but i believe you get what you pay for . i find the prime time product i've used in the past is a better primer .
ok so the product is the same as i have bought for years ... but i love the new lid !
dried up really fast . i didn't know what to do with it after it dried up . i mean , it was practically of no use !
it really isnt any different than any other brush .. i have very long hair & it rips it out , , would not buy again
i love all the different shaped gems . i had the one that looks like bows on may nails and they looked super cute
i bought these as an add on . they are great . combs my hair great and teasing it is so easy . yes buy this .
very cute & quite roomie . perfect for my teen daughter . came in the mail about 6 weeks after ordering it . would definitely recommend this to anyone .
i use this everyday ! i love this product . i don't know what i have done in the past without it .
i've been using this for almost a month and i have people asking me what i'm doing differently . yay ! it leaves my skin feeling smoother .
it fits nicely snug . great for an updo . great quality . can't beat the price . perfect . no complaints .
perfect and easy to reach my back ( i'm an oldie but goodie ) so much better ! i will probably buy another one when needed .
i absolutely love st . ives . their products work better for me than most others and do not cost as much . i give this moisturizer an at
gave these as a gift , however asked for one back , and it is a good band , using it for face washing .
they are tight on the fingers ( man hands here ) and aren't very useful . would probably be good for smaller hand gals .
i am surprised at how well this product works to fill in the bald spots and make my hair look thicker .
my most beautiful wife ( 59 years old but looks 35 years old ) swears by olay products and has used them for years . highly recommended .
i have less irritation with this one as compared other . actually i am going to order 1 more soon . thanks .
exactly the size i needed . these are fantastic for nail art . everyone i have used them on just loves them . i'll be purchasing more .
wish i had bought this a long time ago ! ! ! easy on the nails , not as harsh as the kind you get in the drugstore ! !
the dollar store eyeshadows work better ! ! the only color that you can use is the blue all the others don't show don't buy !
i love this feather kit ! its so inexpensive and you get salon quality at your fingertips ! the feathers are great and so easy to put on !
a little of this product makes a lot of foam and takes care of dandruff quickly . my dermatologists actually recommended it and i'll keep using it .
i use this to give my friends and myself gel manicures . i really like it . it's way better than the old one i had .
as many reviewers have stated before , i don't think there is a better goat milk soap product . i haven't used them all but many .
nothing crazy here , it helps . doesn't completely clear you up but will help out with a problem day . i would get again but don't expect miracles .
this is a good plate . definately one of my favorites . i love how well the zebra stripes and the leopard print go on .
i liked this for my short hair . it's a good addition to my other hair styling products . better than just a pick .
i was hoping that the pink would be ... well ... pink . but it's not . it turns out grey . still pretty but slightly disappointing
i have very dry skin on arms and legs , and this vaseline petroleum jelly helps with preventing dry , chapped skin .
so far i like the scrub , but i'm still trying to decide if it's helping to make a change to my skin overall ! !
this is such a great product.truly thrilled with the quality and colors it comes in.will certainly buy again .
the color is fantastic ... ! ! i love it ! ! this nail polish dries really fast and the color is exactly the one shown in the picture ...
i had acne really bad when i was younger had some scars . this is making them disapear . i didn't know what to expect it relaxing to .
they claim that this doesnt crease like the rest of eye liner pencils but it does even if you accidentaly rub your eyes it will come off
i highly recommend these brushes . really soft and great coverage . i use these brushes with bareminerals and they are a match made in heaven !
it actually is a bit more blue and purple than a fade but it's still cute ! haven't used it yet ... hahah it's just too pretty
almost all the brushes are in poor conditions . the bristles are different in sizes and not thin enough . waste of money
i tried a sample of this at my beauticians office . i loved the smell so much that i immediately went to amazon and ordered it !
my daughter is biracial and had kinky curly hair so i have to buy good ones . this is a good one . would purchase again and recommend highly .
not like my other order the other ones was biger what happened to this order all wrong not what i wanted
i love this face cleanser its doesin't break me out and the price is amazing i would recommend this facial cleanser .
had a white one for years and decided to upgrade to the pink . keeps hair in place and away from your face .
the color matched my hair perfectly but the hair piece got tangled and matted very quickly . not worth the purchase price .
it hardenes you nails , giving them a long lasting shine and duresse . i recomand it to anyone that has bryttle nayls .
this too coat dries all the way down to the base coat in less than a minute i am so pleased
quick delivery of polish i have only used this on a tester finger as a trial , the shatter effect is quite unique
gentle , smells good , cleans hair . sulfate-free . not sure what else to say about this particular product . good price , good product .
i was looking for a great matte polish when i came across this one . works really good with any polish
not exactly , but close enough . i do like aveeno products and would like to try them side by side , to see what the difference is .
nice and moisturizing , if used along with a conditioner . it's a good idea to change your shampoo once in a while .
this polish , while covering the nail in one coat , is really streaky and clumpy . very uneven overall , so i am not a fan .
i first used it at the beauty shopthen i told myself i was never going to use anything elsefor my fine hair . it gives body like none other .
it's matte but it gives you a little glow and sets you makeup beautifully . definitely . one of my favorite things i have .
i love the color and it lasted a very long time . with two application i was set for the evening
it's cheap , but the brush top fell off the wooden holder literally in two days , but the brush tips was great for designs , but too cheap
i love all the colors in this shadow kit . i shouldn't need any other shadows because of so many colors & they are pretty .
love this soap ! dragon's blood is not a very pretty or appealing title , but it smells great and this soap lasts a long time .
this was fine to keep under eyes moist but no better or worse than any other for the price i think its fine
i bought these as a gift for a friend , the pencils are little bit smaller than i expected , but they are nice .
shampoo ; good for the day to day ya cant beat the price i would definitely recommend it to anyone trust me .
i love this glitter polish . not as gold as the picture but still lovely ! does takea little longer to set but worth it .
did not like this product , made my hair sticky and not full at all . wouldnt buy this again and wouldnt recommend it
we got the digital one that goes to 450 degrees . my daughter has thick curly hair and she loves this iron .
muy buen producto , lo recomiendo 100 % , la calidad es como la describió el vendedor y llegó sin ningún contratiempo y en el estado mas bueno
this product make your skin feel so tight once you remove it . i am glad i decided to purchased this item .
i bought it for my aunty and she loves it . she said the price is very attractive as she use to pay more .
these colors are not natural and dont look pretty . didnt blend well . threw it away . do not waste your money /
love the color and i love the comb applicator for the bottle . totally worth the purchase . the color lasts a while before it needs to be refreshed .
i love aveeno lotions . they have helped to keep my eczema under control in the winters . they keep your skin happy .
i use tea tree for a lot of things this is a good quality product and a nice size for the price
the smell is great but it doesn't last long ... it would be a 5 star cologne if it last at least 5 hours ...
wanted exactly what i got , it wasn't cracked or damaged , brand new . i would buy again when i need it !
the cologne is fine but its aroma is a little to sweet almost like bubble gum , not for my taste thought ...
this topcoat is amazing and dries really fast and makes the polish look extra shiny i would recommend getting this .
my hair is very shiny and healthy now since i've started using this ... my hair is thicker too now ... i love it !
i love this stuff . makes my edges sleek and smooth and waves up the surrounding hair . this is my go to product now !
i bought this to add to a scrub for my skin and it doesn't soften my skin as much as baby oil does ..
i have used this product for years . put it on before my makeup.suggest adding your moisturizer or serums then put this onlast followed with bare minerals powder .
these are exactly what i wanted ! i absolutely love these brushes , they are splendid for making interesting nail art . yay ! !
its a great pencilyou can also use it as a shadow base as well . i'm happy thank you very much
i love this product ! you actually see a big difference when you use it . sometimes i wish they were bigger , but that is my only issue .
a bit pricey but compared to other its alright , i'll probably won't buy it again i'll just stay with e . l . f
these are very handy , easy to assemble and firm enough to hold even a heavy wig . definitely worth the purchase !
these little beauties are filled with sparkle and the stars seem to twinkle in the sun ! i use these on nails and in making necklaces .
this is my second tube of this cream . it works really well on my hair , so far it's the best hair product for me .
huge . really speeds up blow dry time . gives great volume and i love it for blowouts . glad i purchased :)
i wasn't able to use this for long - it stings ! i now use jason skin lightening vitamin k cream to lighten my spider veins .
i love the smell and it does so well with my skin ! it is really nice to have extra soap too ! i love subscribe and save !
i love it ... even it is light in color , however the color will disappear once it dry .. amazing product for eye lashes
the shape of the bottle looks attractive and it smells good - most importantly it last for hours . good value for the money .
i bought this for 1 dollar at the dollar store i will be using it as a smudger because it is too hard ...
i really linke this tool , i do my nails a lot and this works really well to clean up my cuticles .
these were a great deal for the price . i don't think it has thousands but there are a lot of gems .
a few drops mixed in with my moisturizer plumps up fine lines under my eyes . will buy again for sure .
this is great for preventing dog-butt-looking hair on my husband's curly head . i mean it gets rid of the dry poof frizzies .
cuticle nipper is very sharp and you have to be careful not to over do it . other tools seem bit heavy but they are made of steel .
its ok not crazy over them but for the price its great i would buy again because the price is right .
this was a nice , bright white for my gelish french manicure . a little easier to use than another white i had from gelish .
ended up selling these . the images were to small for me ... but all in all its a good product . worth the money !
bought this for uncle and he called me his friend and wore it , i was glad i could make everyone happy for their holiday .
this product is terrific to smooth your hair and make it smell wonderful ! ! i would recommend this to anyone who wants silky smooth hair
just what i was looking for . great for nail art . these are exactly as described . i am very happy with my purchase .
this is my favorite store brand face powder ! this shade is good for pale skin tones . i use it daily !
loooove ! perfect palette , unique colors & great pigmentation ! came perfectly intact & i love using it , hasn't let me down one bit :)
it's prettier every time you wash your hair with it ! ! i will be ordering again ! thank you so much ! 5 * s
i personally don't use the roller , but at the price , i couldn't pass this up . will be buying this again .
i would have given higher stars if the soap pad was a bit textured so that when i wash my face , i'm able to feel the material scrubbing
i love that it's cruelty free shampoo and is fragrance free . it works well on my dyed hair . i would highly recommend it .
very rich and moisturizing but the smell prevents me from applying it in public . it's similar to a & d ointments odor .
this is gret and does not dry your hair out and has a great lasting color . the oriental black is justbeautiful .
please google pictures of this . is is so beautiful ! the way it goes on it perfect ! will be buying more in the future !
this product did not work for me . it did absolutely nothing . i wonder what the differences in skin conditions must be .
same as before . my hair is thin and now so is my wallet . this didn't give me back my hair .
i don't care for this product too much - i think it would work for a professional make up artist more than the average person
these little trimmers come in very handy for facial fuzz as well as eyebrow trimming . i am very happy with this little razor .
arrived quickly , and nice packaging . items is as described . very easy to use and look very nice . i would recommend this .
this is a very light scent and i always get many compliments when i wear this scent . i love the lightness of it , it is my favorite !
i am not sure what all the hype is . there was no difference in my brows after using the product .
this product is good , it does what it's supposed to do . but i wish the product was a little bigger !
just what i needed , 100/180 grit and doesnt leave a residue on the nail .
would buy again . nice esp the meyer lemon cleaner and mask . highly recommend . this line is certified non gmo through the nongmoproject.com . highly recommend !
really enjoy these clips because they hold my fine , celtic hair without cutting it . a really great product for me !
it's exactly as advertised . bought it to mix up my own beard conditioner and it works great for that purpose .
cheap hard plastic . not the same lashes as in the picture . could not ever use as band is not flexible and cannot curve to fit .
great little derma roller . small enough to use on the face without any problems maneuvering it . comes with a nice little storage case .
i have used the cream for many years and i am pleased with its results . a must have for me
this pink is amazing and bright . looks great with a coat of zillionaire over it as well to make it a little more funky .
its is great for your hair , but i get the same effect with now castor oil for a fraction of the price .
different sizes allows for many size dots . easy to hold and use . steel balls make for easy clean up . great price .
it doesnt really work at all . my nails arent really that yellow but this didnt do any thing at all i think i should give it a 2 ...
great to keep in a makeup bag to reapply if you like during the day . egyptian musk is one of my favorites . this one smells very nice .
my concealer are very cool , not dry not too creamy . just as i expected . i do recomend it , go for it
i love the opi brand . it shipped very fast and i'm impressed with the color . if you like the opi brand you should get this .
i really like aphogee products they work really good i got it for a good combo price def worth it
very nice matte glittery shade . i love the color and the formula , it's one the most beautiful pixie dusts i have owned .
this powder works great and it has a nice calming scent which i never had in a powder before but i like it so is fine
i got this to replace my nearly out red nail polish . this polish is red hot and i love it ! gives you that glam look .
repairs and shines like nothing i have used . and the smell ... yummy . even on long thick hair it repels humid frizz monster too .
i have used this product and liked it . when i purchased it this time around i thought the bottle shrunk and the price was still high
i need to learn how to use these more but theyre not super easy to start using . i need to do some more youtube research on these .
i liked how i could see it transform my polish instantly ! very good product ... i always love essie products . thanks !
this is an amazing hair straightener . it gets very hot and is super easy to use . fast heat-up time too !
one of my favorite nail polishes , and i get a lot of compliments when i use it . the color is just like the picture
this muck made my face feel so smooth and hydrated . i can't believe i just heard about it . don't tell your enemies just your friends .
i got exactly what i ordered . if you like decorating your nails this is a product must have . i'm happy .
i absolutely love this powder ! add such a great highlight and brightness to the face ! doesn't take very much and goes on very easy . love it !
i wasn't quite sure about this when i purchased it but i hear it's really great for your skin it left a nice clean silky soft feeling
this works very effectively . it's flexible , which is a benefit . i don't really have anything else to say about it .
alittle leary it is awful runny . if it has hardeners id expect it to be alittle thicker . im ok with it maybe as a topcoat .
i thought the container would be able to hold more nail art products but its so tiny . i might buy it late for sand dust or something else
it's okay these things are nothing fancy its does the job it is suppose to do so i think it's great !
second time purchasing . love the oils in it that help condition your nails . i highly recommend for a more natural nail product .
i love it ! but i wish there is a translation cannot understand tho :) first time using this kind i hope is okey .
i love this item my hair comes out just perfect and it does what it says i have used it just about everyday
i bought it for an older person , after used once she told me she will never used it again .
these are hardly rhinestones , there more like flakes , can barley see them and need a magnifying glass to pick them up , it's a joke
and in love with this matte black eyeliner . good staying power and just perfect to make the cat eye look . fine felt tip .
these are convenient to use around the house ( as bag pins ) as well as for the hair .
i love this product , great color match , great coverage . doesn't clog pores and is very reasonably priced and can be picked up at most any store .
i have bought this coconut oil for my hair . i haven't use it yet but it is liquid so i don't think i will have a problem .
it's ok . when u put it on ur lips look like u found 10 years old lipstick , lips look like u didn't drink water for weeks .
this is an item that every person that is a manicurist should have and their box they are very handy and useful thank you
great little disposable razor.passes smoothly over skin , even knees and ankles / feet.no irritation , no nicks , leaves skin smooth.quick and efficient.good quality and value .
wife loves it . the thing does toes and fingers . if she likes it , i like it . polish runs about 12 bucks . is that expensive ?
it made my hair soft . a lot comes in the small pack . i have about 4 1/2 inches of thick hair .
olay total effects revitalizing foaming cleanser works great to get my face clean . it washes off all the oils and dirt and feels so clean .
ive used it for a couple weeks , cant tell if its doing anything , it smells good ? but overall i wouldnt waste my money
feels great for better time is amazing smell really nice indeed put enough during a trip ! ! ! i recommend this lotion
it works ! this is great under all shadows even expensive . don't trash cheap shadows purchase this and see the colors pop and last .
i love this . it doesn't lather because it truly is sulfate free . and it leave my kinky hair nice and soft .
i really like this concealer . it brightens my eyes also . i would recommend this product to anyone with dark circles .
definitely works ! but don't take too much , stop when your hair stop lose.dsa fa er fd fa fa sg
i don't wear false eyelashes everyday ... only on special occasions . these look natural and give my eyes that ' special ' look ... i love it !
work really well . easy to travel with . warm up fast and produces a better ringlet curl vs your traditional spiral .
color is dull when it dries , need to apply a top coat for shine . other than that , colors are bright .
i love this product ... for winter use and after clarifying . it makes my fine hair very silky and manageable . a must have for me !
very happy with this moisturizer . smells great and makes my skin sooo soft . plus reasonably priced . i use this everyday after a shower .
i really liked this color , looks good over many many different color polishes . i love the opi brand of polish .
great smelling and smooth over the skin . it lasts longer and seems to really do the job on my tan .
beautiful bright orange , but not tacky looking . perfect for summer . goes on smoothly , no drips , dries quickly to a high shine . thumbs up !
perfect size and great quality ! ! super cheap too ! ! the only thing is i waited along time to receive from over seas , but well worth it
did not like the quality.brush not very stiff . could have been better.all the size looks about the same .
this moisturizer is light , not greasy , and does not have an odor . it's difficult to find another moisturizer with these qualities .
these makeup brushes are really good quality and i love the color of them . the case is pretty good too !
great shampoo , has a minty smell but not too strong lightweight on the hair and feels nice , i like it
i've used this cleanser for several years now and can't imagine using anything else . good price on amazon :) the product arrived quickly and as described .
i love these blender puff sponges ! they were packaged great and i love using them ! it is like blending magic .
this mascara is a great product for everyday . it's a classic ! the standard brush is great and i don't have clumping issues .
i use over all of my other nail polishes and the coat works well and does dry quickly ! i swear by any opi product !
my nails look amazingly shiny , i used it over regular nail polish to make it last over two weeks ! ! the best investment i've ever done .
this product i brought and did not see any changes with my face i won't purchase this any longer not sure what its suppose to do ? ? ?
love it ! ! ! color is rich and beautiful . all the colors i like are all packaged . i will recommend this product to family and friends .
love the added bonus of the dotting tools and the tweezers for the rhinestones . these will last a long time for decorating .
love the fragrance and it lasts reallly long . bt it is nothing like obsession .. bt its still amazing ... i love it
this is the best buffer i have ... i use it all the time ... and they last for a very very long time
this polish lasts forever compared to other brands . i love it . i will definately stay with this brand . this is a great color forany season .
these plates are really nice but are way overpriced ! you can get the same plates for alot cheaper if you look at bundle monster and cheeky products .
these were a great price and i love ordering in bulk . i like the brushes a lot . easy to use .
i bought this for my teenager . she seems to be using it but hasn't given me any complaints about it .
i love this foundation . it really does the trick . it is a good quality foundation and i always get compliments when i wear it.the delivery was great !
my skin looks great after using this product . i am very happy with it and love the results ! i think it's probably the best on the market !
very good cream , i see improvements in my skin looks smoother and firmer , fragrance leaves a rich , non-greasy , easy to spread .
it is very useful for me , especially in autumn and winter part of my body starts to be very dry
outstanding . wish it would come in a combined shampoo / conditioner bottle ( 1 bottle ) . otherwise , buy it now
this does work and i consider it to be quite inexpensive compared to the other nail brighteners that i have bought will more than likely purchase another bottle .
so much better than anything stinky you can find or they is fragrance free ! help someone stay healthy by buying safer products
these are good eyelashes , very voluminous and vegas-y . all the glue packets were empty , however .
i found olay lotion scent to strong , gave me a headache , but it made my skin feel so soft . i still had to discontinue using it ...
it is okay , i think a foundation brush is a lot better , because this sponge sucks in all my foundation and its not the greatest
was happy it was real not a fake the other i received from another co . was fake this was real ! ! !
i will only use this quick dry and i bring to the salon because the salon mixes their quick dry or use a less quality brand of quick dry .
i don't see it at costco anymore , so glad i found it on line , x x x x x x
like the way it goes on easy removal no clumps eithernice and dark , makes eyes look young again ! :) ! :) advised product.will buy again
they will get the job done .. nice sizes can not really go wrong with them just have a good glue
smells good on me . has a touch of spice which is the only kind of scent that really lasts on my acidic skin . i love the scent .
this 2 in 1 shampoo from suave leaves your hair feeling nice and clean . it has a great smell that isn't at all overpowering .
this liner is very black.goes on super creamy and does last for a long time.one of the best eyeliners i've tried for the price.will be purchasing again :)
i love this polish , it is flattering to many skin tones and i have had many compliments . the application was smooth and stress-free .
this didn't work for me , but it does smell nice , i don't think i will invest in this one again .
these are a bunchh a really cheap great if you know how to put them on lol but they look pretty and make your eyes stand out
i always use this product . doesn't everyone ? this is absolute is a must in make-up kit . been using for many years .
i bought this makeup remover because of rating but i am disappointed . for me it is just mediocre makeup remover .
this is bendable blush but highly pigmented so go lightly - i ordered a stipple brush by elf and will see if that makes the blush easier to apply -
very nice stippling brush . it works nicely on the face and i have not lost any bristles so far . ( going on about 5 months of use )
after using obagi for couple of years this product is all organics and much better for your face . im really enjoying it and see results
i don't understand much about this stuff but my daughter likes them a lot and practices different patterns before painting her own nails
this brush is great for eyebrows . i use it daily with my eyebrow powder . i even use it some for eyeshadow . well worth the money
i orderd this brush and i totally love it , it's my favorite brush for contouring either with a bronzer or with a blush .
these are good quality . i also like the fact that they are separated . i hate the ones you have to rip apart .
i won't use any other lash glue anymore . this stuff is the best i don't have any complaints will buy again .
i like it . way better than using standard toenail & nail clippers . i love them . item came exactly as described .
i buy this cologne for my son an all his friends love it so when i saw the price for this 4.2 bottle i just had to buy two .
product works great ! after about 2-3 weeks i started to get compliments from everybody ! i love it ! it is worth the money spent !
the piece fall out of the drill they do not stay in tight so it make it hard to file my nails
took the entire package and it was like i took a placebo . didn't work whatsoever . don't waste your money .
good for less than $ 15 . best out of all nautica i tried .
easy to apply that looks beautiful and natural . i love this product and will order again in peach when i need it .
this oil is perfect ... don't leave smell in my hair ... is easy to use ... i normally use before bedtime . i really recommend it .
not much to say except they are solid , sturdy plastic and does the job ! i would recommend this product . yep .
this is the best smell ever for a body wash , i will continue to purchase this item every time i run out !
i have extremely dry skin and this lotion is a constant in my life . i works great to keep my skin moisturized for the day .
i do not like that you have to use 2 or 3 coats to get it to really show up .
didnt do anything to my blond hair it just smells nice , , i wont buy it again and i am not a blond anymore
i do love the color but when i got this the bottle was not full . it seemed as though i was not the first one to use it
while i do see a bit of copper , penny-like coloring i would describe this polish as more " metallic dust rose " in color.very pretty and feminine .
nothing incredible , but it is a good treatment cream . avon has good face creams for reasonable prices . i would recommend to others
came in perfect condition at a very good price . would definitely recommend ! mirror wasn't cracked , applicator was brand new . and powder wasn't cracked .
these are amazing ! buy 2 separate instead of 2 pack . way better deal . the formula is creamy n more pigmentated then naked . glad i bought them
i have been using this cream for many years and i have never been dissatisfied with the quality and i will continue to purchase it .
in general , the john freida frizz ease smooth start hydrating conditioner for extra dry hair works well on my extremely dry hair
the bmc uv led gel nail art polish is very good . goes on good and dries great . a very good price for so much product .
i like the colors , it is very versatile and easy to create different designs on little girls finger nails . i like it !
they are perfect for nail art designs you have endless ideas and combinations too make fabulous nail art designs too fit your taste
not nearly as good as the skindinavia i used before . but it does keep my makeup on a little longer that without .
this heats up really quickly and really hot . i did my whole head of hair ( long & thick hair ) in less than 15 minutes .
the wand is short and the mascara seems too thick . i guess that's why it's " thickening " . will go back to maybelline great lash next time .
my husband uses a lot of this with his net scrubby , it is mild and love the larger size and pump
favorite lip gloss ever ! you must buy this . best nude color .. not too sticky . i wear it over any / every lip stick loooooove it .
great price . i love that its translucent , but not too white and doesn't leave me pale . i love the balm products too !
these artifical nail trimmers do their job and are pretty cute too . the rubber is a little sheer on the handels but thats okay .
i use this for my 3 year old after deciding that she no longer needed baby wash . it has been good for her and i do notice any issues
great for applying base or for applying cream blush . i use it for both with great results although i prefer for cream blush .
it's amazing , it actually didn't pull my hair . but it's not something to use everyday because i don't want my hair to break .
maybe it is my imagination but since i have been using this product , my lashes are thicker and longer . i notice them more when i use mascara .
love these ! ! there are so many colors to pick from and they are all so opaque . they go on really smooth and are very creamy :)
shea butter ! ! if you know shea butter then you can agree this is amazing so buttery and soothing to the skin will be buying again .
my daughter loves this . i am so glad that someone introduced us to the aveda products . we will continue to purchase this product for natural hair styles .
purchased based on a recommendation , and i am not disappointed . love this product . arrived exactly as described .
feels tingly with little scrubbies in the lotion-like cleanser . my skin feels so soft , and there is a noticeable difference !
gentle on hair , and no tangles ! i love it . i have very fine hair , and this is the best ever
the first step is a little different than i thoughtbut still goodhope make me bettergood productiongot on time
like the base coat , a little on the thick side , but quick to adjust . overall works great , lasts long time .
the jars were opened in shipment . the product left was as advertised . it was fine clear acrylic powder . the plastic jars were a nice small size .
have a lot of gray hair and this product covers effectively plus it matches well with my usual medium brown hair color .
this is a good product in that it helps to make your mascara stay on better and gives your lashes a fuller effect and i would recommend this to anyone
these blush palettes are not very good for my skin . i am medium brown complexion and it just doesn't look flattering at all .
the heat cap is the best i have ever used and i saw improvement with the first use . but it .
this stuff gave me one of the worst headaches i've ever had . i also was super nauseous after taking it . i didn't even try again .
i love silicon mix products this one is the best it leaves your hair soft and smelling really good all week
i was a bit disappointed about this kit , everything is so tiny and not good quality . invest in something better !
i have naturally curly hair and am in a constant battle against frizz . this conditioner along with its companion shampoo left my curls silky and shiny .
this product never fails to please . i have been using small talk for nearly 20 years and i know i can depend on it .
a bit heavy for my sensitive skin . it has a nice jasmine green tea scent though.perfect for normal to combo skin , not for dry or oily
easy application , practically no mess love love love recommend it to everyone i know i use it all the time
this cream smells so good , and feel incredible on my skin ! it is lightweight and my skin has never felt so smooth !
i really love this color for my toes .. definitely a summer color but i get a ton of compliments when i do wear it.highly recommend ! ! !
opened the bag and hair started shedding everywhere .. after a few minutes i gave up and threw it in the trash .
fantastic quality ! ! they came with each one in their own slipcover , the quality is great and they work perfectly
perfect for hot humid summer days . makeup stays put . do not have to worry half way through my day that my makeup has slid down my face .
i liked all the colors but the purple is really easterish . the bottles are super tiny but the polish lasts as long as opi .
color is pretty and neutral ... goes with everything . seems beigh , hint of pink , tan ... all in one makes it a perfect look
great designs . love the quantity and quality . i totally recommend these plates to anyone . with a little practice it is a cinch to do .
there are 120 different shades ! perfect for the summer , there will be every shade of color you will need ! a good idea for a gift ! :)
i love this product the revlon photo ready concealer works and stays on all day . i put powder ontop as i have bad acne and it works .
good product i just need to practice more because it takes a steady hand , and know how . practice makes perfect
i like the way this shampoo leaves my hair ... it makes my hair feel full and clean ... nice addition to my shampoos ...
there's so much powder in there it seams like it will last forever literally ! ! definitely getting ur money worth
perfect shade for my skin tone at a great price ! couldn't ask for more ! ! i will be buying more in the future !
light limiting . doesn't fit as closely as i'd like , but can be frozen and used on puffy face or for headache . a little bulky .
i absolutely love this product and use it every day for my foundation and highlighter . very soft and easy to use !
using on eyebrows . don't know if will work but it is fun to try . no smell . basic castor oil . thank u .
i purchased this for my grand-daughter and she loves it but can only use it as a 1/2 up 1/2 down hair clip due to heavy thick hair .
i just love them cant believe how satisfied i am for this set of brushes , am going to order for more as a gift
it did it's job ! arrived on time . works like a charm each and every time it is put to use .
excellent product . it does exactly what is advertised . it helps my poor eyes look younger . i would recommend it to anyone .
this red is just a gorgeous red and i continue to buy this color and shipping is really fast will recommend it to anyone .
this is a sweet , dainty item with the cut out rose design . it would nicely dress up someone's attire without being flashy .
this magical potion keeps my jobst athletic socks from falling down during my 13 hour night shift . i thank you .
it really does work i have a glow now i use it on my body to like chest and back .
this arrived very quickly ! i love the smell of this perfume as well and i get lots of compliments while i am wearing it .
smell is nice , not too strong and not artificially too much either.texture is good and leaves skin soft and supple .
bought this because it had great reviews . wasn't disappointed ; the woman i gave it to for a christmas present loves it .
i absolutely adore this product . it does make wrinkles less noticeable , but it also leaves your skin extremely soft . worth every penny !
great product but not 100 % pure argan oil , so if that is what you are looking for , you will need to spend more money .
cutest thing ever so small and compact i would really buy this product again ... well i just might have to because i lost it ... but i love it
i have not has the product long , but so for so good . i goes on smoothly and it's a little thick which i like .
great products . i added natural nail primer after ph bond and i get the full 3-4 weeks of wear . without it , i averaged 14 days .
i dont know how these are help full . they are hard to use , in my own opinion . they were cheap though
i have very dry sensitive skin and i love the way this serum makes my skin feel silky and soft this is a great product
lots of options and tools to useall very good quality and i'm really liking owining my own kit :)
this is a sand polish its very sparkely on and its very similar to opi liquid sand jinx . i have both and they are almost identical
it is small i didnt expect it to be small but its okay because theres 4 in the pack . havent used it yet though
not only plump and moisturizing skin , also help heal and comfort skin . i have dry skin and i felt much better . i even used on my lips
these are the best purchace yet . thety are ver pigmented , very soft but no fragile , and wonderful colors . im not dissapointed at all
i like this back brush it does the job of cleaning my back pretty well and lasts a long long time .
i love this stuff , it really is easy makeup to use . i use this everyday . i would buy this product again .
it seems to help but not like the more expensive brands . after i peeled it was great to moisturize my face
i love alllllll of aussie's hair products . but this has to be my favorite by far . it leaves your hair smelling amazing and helps keep it manageable .
i ordered this because i liked the peel pad , but i was disappointed . it doesn't do anything for my skin .
great cheap body wash . does not dry out my skin , and the smell is really refreshing . does what it promises .
it does keep your make-up in place , but it really stings my face when i put it on . it's your decision if the burn is worth it .
i really liked the original tresemme but the keratin smooth infusing shampoo is amazing ! paired with the conditioner is makes my hair manageable and smelling good .
the shades are realllly pretty and last for a long time . its perfect for the price . i love l'oreal products .
the thing fell apart as soon as we opened it usually get really good products from this company . need to glue it back
i love tresemme products and this conditioner did not disappoint . it smells nice and leaves hair soft but not oily .
havent seen much of a change but the eye area is well hydrated and it doesn't burn my eyes , and that is a definite plus .
this is a bit pricey , but it really works and it's kind to my aging skin . i'm pleased and will order again !
i use this everyday and must say that i love the way it even outs my skin and allows makeup to be applied evenly and smoothly .
i was looking for a beautiful peach color . i wasn't expecting the neon peach color that this gives , but it is still a gorgeous fun color .
very good product , meets the description and it is very useful to get acrylic nails , sticks well and you can even use more than once .
their good for nails tip @ everyday uses.great for kids.if my children where here i would love to do their nails !
great for highlighting under and around eyes . not too shiny . nice and light weight . heard great things about this product .
this has been on the market for years and i have always wanted it . i finally got the balls to purchase and i'm very glad . def recommend !
this mask lives up to its potential . absolutely less shedding the first time it was used on the clients hair .
not any better than other circle creams i've used - kind of thin consistency - so probably won't get again
nice color if you arnt looking for a neon . but it does take three or four coats to cover . but no biggie
these ties are so great for hair . you don't have to hurt anymore when you put these ties in your hair .
i had to electro tape the titled brush around the metal part but besides that they make nice lines and do what they were made to do .
i love this color . it is on my fingers right now . i love harmony gelish polishes and this is a must have for any collection !
the spray comes out too fast , smells good for the price , i wouldnt pay no nore than ten to fifteen dollars .
i do my routine with the murad acne complex kit and than follow up with this mask . my skin feels wonderful following this treatment
this make-up case is convenient because of the weels.it is very sleek and full of make-up.all that and only 12 pounds.amazing product .
i am disappointed with this product i bought it for my mother and it did not work i wasted my money
i really like the original it's a 10 . since i'm a blonde , i thought i would try this one . i find that i prefer the original .
love the argan oil product for my hair , great for every hair type and leaves your hair feeling great , smelling good !
this is a wonderful body scrub.very good price for a wonderful product.helps with dry , scaling skin . highly recommend !
do not pass up this deal . all the colors look great together . use them for nails and crafts . buy 2 or more
was not a great buy it leaves white residue in my hair .. i don't know i'll have to try it wit different styles and it doesn't have much hold
this product is great , and worked wonders on correcting my natural ruddiness and blushed tone . tried it out on my wedding day and was not disappointed !
it goes on smoothly and last quite a long time , color was just ok . i expected more of a pink shade .
love everything nioxin . great for fine hair in the winter , keep hair manageable , static free .
all the bh palattes i have are great , very pigmented and last me forever ! i would highly rec these to anyone .
i am so happy i purchased this item . i've tried many other products that did not work , but bodi shape cream really does . highly recommended .
would recommend to anyone ! it is a great blow dryer . love it , love it ! it drys hair fast and the cool down button is great !
i like them . they work the way they are suppose to and i think it was well worth the money i spent for them .
this is lovely and they should offer it all the time , not just seasonally or limited edition . my husband loves it and i love it on him .
this works great and smells great . leaves my hair feeling and looking great i even enjoy the bottle easy to use and doesn't leak .
i just started using it so i am still waiting for results but the service is fast and great and price amazing
it works nicely on my hair and i use it as a gel . makes my hair nice and shiny . completely recommend !
great color - no sparkles or anything . great for layering , artistic details , or alone . it definitely needs 2 coats to be opaque and deep .
this is very oil based which for people with oily skin can be problematic.its ok for a makeup kit .
great for a base and out of corner highlighting although i don't use it everyday , i still love it . i wouldn't mind reordering it .
i just got some for me . she is 88 and loves this oil . she claims that it has helped the dark spots . we shall see .
this has been my favorite fragrance since the mid 90 ' s . i'm actually wearing it as i type this review right now !
it is better than other defense moisturizer i have used before . i used it when i went to a beach and it protected well .
senorita bonita es muy caliente ! i love the color ... subtle glitter on a rich true purple ! it's one of my favorite china glaze colors !
when using a curling iron or flat iron these are great for not getting burnt . you will agree and the price is perfect too .
poor quality and the glue i used is great . i wont buy again id stick with the white tips sturdy for me .
i use the fan brush to apply chemical peels and it does great ! easy to use great coverage and easy to clean !
i really do like this and it does seem to brush through my hair easier and not so many fly aways and feels more soft .
one of my top five , i've owned this cologne for over ten years and will for the rest of my life .
i love this perfume . every time i wear it i feel like a fairy . the flower " perfume " smell is amazing !
i apply every day and see a noticeable difference in my skin . smoother and no longer dull . will continue to use .
perfect for the hand bag or travel , or drawer . well made brushes in a nice container that flattens to little space .
these little square studs are awesome ! gold on one side and silver on the other add a great little pop to manicures !
exactly as ordered . looks great , nice packaging . has the standard hole at the bottom so that you can attach it to a wig head clamp .
had a smaller uv gel nail dryer that did not dry as well . this one drys my nails in a short span of time and keeps them dry .
this little bottle sprays a fine mist which is perfect for eye glasses cleaning solution . its fits nicely in your purse or over-night bag as well .
all of these hair pin clips are ab solutely beautiful . they are all heavy but if your hair is thick these are just what you need .
much too sharp and even though i used it with mirror , i accidentally touched eye . this tool is not for me ! surprised tweezerman makes this .
eye shadow primer works well . i like the light pearl effect you get with this product.item does not crease or flake off .
best brush i've purchased on amazon ! way better than the fake sigma brushes i got on this site ! love this brush for everything will buy again .
i've only used this product a few times , i mix it with the " rich repair " moisturizer . i've only used it before i go to bed .
o p i terrific polishes products , these are no exception . they seem to dry very quick , and with drip dry they're dry in 5 minutes .
it makes your stomach sweat , which is why i bought it . so i would buy it again . so this is a good product
creamy mauve , exactly what i was looking for : samuri without the glitter . arrived fast and love the product . lasted two weeks on me .
i love the keracare product line . this conditioner is wonderful for my hair . it makes it smooth and manageable and it smells great .
wonderful med to heavy weight body cream . lovely scent that dissipates quickly . leaves skin baby soft and not sticky . recommend highly .
it barely comes out on the sponge tip ! it simply does not work well on oily skin . i'm being generous to give it 3 stars , actually .
such a great brush . i plan to keep buying these for my kit . i will probably get 2 more . a definite buy .
the blue i received is a lot lighter than the color in the picture . the blue i received is still pretty , just not as dark .
it's a lovely light refreshing perfume . lovely for daywear . loves it guys !
the bristles are so cheap i'm lucky to get one use out of these . these brushes are not even worth . 50 a brush .
i bought this for my friend . she says thhe massage cream is very good , and the price is also good too .
this is great for dry hair . i used it after overprocessing a relaxer . the smell is divine . it makes hair really soft .
i should just go ahead and order a life-time supply of this brush ! it's so smooth and covers so evenly . easy to clean and comfortable to use !
use it every two weeks and it takes out all the impurities . would recommend it even if you're not using the other two products .
i purchased these for a christmas present for our daughter-in-law . bought dotting pens and rhinestones , too , and they were a hit !
helps a lot with straightening and defrizzing without drying out the hair . i use this along with the motions conditioner and it works pretty well .
my grandaughter has naturally curly hair that gets so tnagled and it is a chore for her to have her hair brushed . this brush helps .
this tradicinal company parfum is destaqa quality is lovely their products are safe and striking good investment coty love to know many years . young principamente recommend .
awesome color , awesome wearing polish ! don't mess with the best when it comes to my nails , so i always go with opi .
amazing product . makes putting fake lashes so much easier . all my friends loved it and always borrows it .
it comes in 7 piece of brushes and also a bag . these brushes are high quality , it is soft and not harsh to put makeup on .
very happy with this product , a little goes a loooonng way . mixed with apple cider vinegar and really cleaned out pores .
gorgeous color . it is like my lip color but times fifty . i love it and i would definitely purchase this again . great shade !
i love this quad the colors are so natural and go on so silky . super blendable and easy to work with to make a natural , sexy face
i have been using this for a while . it smells great and makes my hair feel good . great for color too since it's sulfate free .
great coverage for when you need to protect but also cover break outs . good for oily , normal , or dry skin , with a nice semi-matte finish .
i tried using these with shellac and it peeled off the next day . ive had much better foil than this .
was purchasing this and received makeup sponges . still don't know if these would work . i can only assume they work .
these are nice for keeping hair in place , and they look really nice when randomly placed in my pony tail up do .
not the best i've used - i love the color , but the liner is very very soft and crumbles easily .
cant seem to get the nail glue or the acrylic to stay on the nail maybe i just need more practice
this might be fine for younger people but at my age it didn't work and was too abrasive for my skin . i wish it had .
got this product but its too strong for me . i do not think i will purchase again . i gave it away to family member .
easy to use , easy to take care of , they look real and i don't know how i lived without them in my regime for so long !
love this oil smells great very good brand never had a problem with them they have good products and at reasonable prices would buy again
needs things like this for school projects and to practice on things that she learns in order to get proficient at what she does
i am an eye liner junkie and this is one of the mainstays in my make up bag ; will buy again and again .
aside from the mixed sizes .. and there wernt two of the same color and size i guess they are ok . if you dont wanna match that is
this stuff really works . only recommend once a day , i tried twice and it dried my skin out . takles about 3-4 weeks to see results .
actually reaaally good . gives great shimmery effect and doesnt feel like to much and for a great price . much better than nars . totally recommended .
this smells so wonderful and goes on without any greasiness . you'll love it . i know that i do . my husband loves it .
i didn't expect much since it was so inexpensive but this was a great purchase . overall , pleasantly surprised and would recommend this product .
works , a great price took forever to come , but - i was not in a hurry so a win win here .
i wish they came a little bigger because it seems like they are empty pretty soon but overall i love it .
this product is not useable at all . maybe it i me , but i couldn't get it to work at all . very flimsy .
i loved this my daughter borrowed it and it never came back i had to buy another one love love
this works really well with my facial brush . i have rosa era and this does a great job of cleaning my face without making it feel raw .
i own at least 15 china glaze polishes colors are vibrant staying power is great and as far as this color love it ! !
still a great soap after 2 years of use . any one can use it and works esp . well on those with acne like my daughter has .
these preducts are ok because is a travel size obviously but is not enough if ur gonna travel for more than a week believe !
this product goes on bold and has staying power , would definitely recommend . use it mostly as an eyeshadow base works perfectly .
the feathers are so soft , flexible , and durable . beautiful colors . it has even a better quality than other expensive sets do in the market .
good but wish it was more stable . plan to buy more . a great price , it is stable enough for me to buy more :)
definitely saw improvement in my under eye area brightness and smoothed my fine lines . my husband even complimented how good my skin looks , win !
i could bathe in it enough said yummy ! going to wear it when i go up to visit my boyfriend whose in basic training for the canadian forces !
my boyfriend only likes axe products and this is what he uses everyday . keeps his hair looking good . decent price off of amazon .
i alternate my facial moisturizers - and this one is in my top favorites . the smell is fabulous and it does not leave my face feeling oily .
i really like this the colour is excactly what you see here a minty green its very intense.and it has a kind of matte finish
you really can't go wrong with wet n wild or nyx . the quality is great and the price is right
even my old salon uses this product . i love it . i tried another product once , and was disappointed . this is the one to go with .
try it ... it's ok . the product does not hold all day like it claims but it's the best choice i've found .
i have always looked maybelline mascara , this one really elongates your lashes . the price was a great deal as well .
but again , a " medium " that was too light for me . from now on i get shades that go medium to deep .
such a clean scent , such a fab body butter . once you've used pacific's body butter , you will not be satisfied with anyone else's .
this product is perfect for those with hair that is prone to getting snarled after washing . it will smooth and detangle , leaves hair soft and manageable .
the finish is very matte so you definitely need a clear coat ( i use sally hansen quick dry ) . the color is nice though
i only wish i had order this in alarger size due to me using it inmy beauty products .
i love urban decay products and i really really enjoy using thos naked 2 palette . i love how pigmented the colors are
good price and just as good as the pharmacy store brands but it's no chlorine . i will definitely order these again if the price is still good .
super light and great for moisturizing , has no smell and does not feel heavy at all . makes my skin soft and smooth .
i love loreal products , this mascara is very good . my lashes look very good , doesn't lump . the brush is good and thick .
this is very good shampoo . it's reasonably price and does good on my hair . love products like this . try it .
i love how portable this palette is ! ! ! its got a little bit of every color you could want or need . i highly recommend it !
read some good reviews on this black soap and thought i would try it with an exfoliating glove . it works wonderfully and makes your skin super smooth !
great polish . i use it for french manicures . i usually cure it for 2 mins with a 36w uv light .
this is nothing but a pair of handmade pair of thin booties . i don't recommend these at all ! only stating the truth .
gave for gifts . heavy duty compared the the ones in the store for a buck . wonderful ! i would highly recommend and buy again .
love to use these stars as part of my nail art , works great , last long , and what fun they add to my nails
i love this product . i works great for me and i have not problem removing the shellac from my nails .
a friend recommended me to buy , really good effect is worth buying . i sometimes sleep is not good will take the acne , buy extra good .
great product i love it . makes clipping false tips easier and faster . i recommend these clippers to any professional nail tech . cant beat the price
the brush tips are pretty cheap . after one use and a good cleaning they weren't the same . i'd recommend spending a little more on nail brushes .
it was replaced with a $ . 10 item . i will no longer purchcase anything from china because this is the third time i've been ripped off .
it's heavy though , you have to be careful how you apply it ! also there is no smell ! which i like .
i need more coverage around the eye the cream needs more thickening to watery when used with other revlon and maybelline products ​
i brought for my sister for x mas but gave 2 weeks ago.she loves them she says gives more coverage and hair does not come out.throw her other out .
it works great ! my face looks fresher after i use it . the skin looks like the stale layer of skin has been removed .
these are really good for practicing nail art or trying out new polish colors . i would definitely recommend this product to my friends .
i like the glitter set i got but the regular ones don't really seem to work for me i would recommend the glitter ones .
it is a good product , and i think i will continue using it . by the way , it smells really good .
this product is a replacement product . it is required first step product . my wife and daughters love the shellac products .
love these samplers , they allow me to figure out the right formula for every time of year and every situation .
just like the review i wrote on the conditioner , this did nothing for me that a regular shampoo / conditioner cant do .
very pretty silver sparkle , definitely not ment to be opaque , but it looks great over a base of midnight caller .
this olay is so easy to use and makes my skin feel great . it is nice to have it in such a compact size . thank you !
i have used this cloth since i received it and i do not know what the hype is about . did not feel much of anything on my face .
i love this it make it so easier to put beads on my daughter hair love it so much i would but this again
these are amazing for nail art and gets the job done . i think every woman should try these ! very colorful and arrived on time !
got this so i can express clean my brushes after every use . it works very well and its easy and fast clean when i need it .
it does work as well as other styling products but with the great axe smell . this is great to help smooth out frizzies too .
the pump doesn't get the end bits , so you end up wasting 1/4 of the product . very irritating and wasteful .
this is a great kit to get you started . great products and reasonably priced . the gelish system works like a dream for me ! ! !
i wish it came with a dropper or something so it wasn't so annoying to measure out . oh well , smells nice .
gorgeous and durable nail polish . definitely one of my favorites . shifts between purple and light blue , with added rainbow effect under sunlight .
this shampoo is wonderful for fine limp hair . it smells good and does the job . best i have used for my hair .
this soap is smooth , suds well and does not leave a residue . teamed up with the bleach cream , it makes you feel great .
excellent tool . thanks for sending so quickly . i appreciate getting it on time , and appreciate the great condition it was in .
i love this shampoo . it smells great , feels great , and works great .
i tend to be rough on things but these are very durable . the colors are great . the style allows me to wear something cute and casual .
i have always done my own nails and i always thought , there must be an easier way , ta da , here it is , a little helper .
you get a lot for your money with these , which made me very happy . and the designs are beautiful . also arrived fairly quick .
really love the smell but the product makes my hair greasy in a couple of hours though . maybe it's just my hair .
works really well to apply primer or base to eye lids . can be used with cream or powder products as well .
it's true , i love all of the colors oh so much , i definitely recommend this eye shadow to everyone . :)
this is one of the few beauty products i like from garnier & i really like to stress on the word " few " .
first time using it , it's good for your hair make it soft and manageable and if your hair is curly you would need this . i recommend
wow ! this works great . i have naturally curly hair & when i put it on my ends my hair looks great ! i love it !
thats all i can say ! even my friends and family wants to get haha but sadly , the zebra printed is all gone :|
i have mediumish hair and they hold great . i love these clips . i use them for buns , washing hair and half-up hairstyles ! will buy again .
love ! ive been using olay products for years and im still in my 20s . neva too early to take precautions lol
very pretty shade . arrived safely . opi is a terrific product that is easy to apply and slow to wear off .
one coat is very natural and understated . add more coats for a deeper , more opaque finish . i like the gelish polish for its durability .
i travel frequently and these tubes take up no room in my toiletry bag . i have long hair and one of these tubes contains several applications .
i have a lot of different bundle monster plates . and other brands of dancing plates . these are average size with paper for backing and the images transfer beautifully
i love the scent , but it has no lasting power . i can't detect it after only an hour or so .
im satisfied with this product . the assortment is fine , and the product doesnt look cheap , cant wait to use them
i have used this product only three times so can't give a proper review . it feels sticky on the skin . hate the smell .
i love curve i have the blue bottle and the purple bottle and now the new curve soull .. smells really good ! !
these are so cool to work with ! hope sally comesout with more colors . delivery was very quick thank you keep coming up with new things for nails
these duck bill hair clips have made styling / curling my hair a lot easier . same as the ones my hairdresser uses .
clumpy , dry , doesn't go on well , etc ... do not buy this mascara . it really wasa disappointment since i do like maybellineproducts .
this is just as blue as it is shown in the picture . i was going for bold . very bold , get lots of commplime nts .
this blush offers a nice warm pink color . i like the applicator on this one , it is soft yet firm enough to apply evenly .
this brush is truly an investment , my skin feels so clean and vibrant . you cant go wrong for the price .
i paid for it but never got it . i was excited but this product left me frustrated . consider buying something else .
little colored blings for your nails looks great applied , take a while to get to you , but for the price its worth the wait
this is a nice curling iron . it has different settings but i only use one or two . it works great . nice choice .
this is a great product , it clarifies the skin and helps to fade dark spots . will definitely purchase again , highly recommend it
great for people who have a hard time with liquid eyeliners and make a mess ! the tip is thick so its easier to use !
it looks like a crayon and goes on smoothly . the color is very pretty and tastes like candy . highly recommended if you are into lip balms .
pink friday a beautiful pastel bubblegum pink cream nail polish great for spring and summer with a great tan thank you .
daughter in law uses these to do fancy nail decorating on the granddaughters fingers . i am supergrandma ! ! ! a good thing to be .
pretty cool but very oily and drips too much . gets the job done but not fast enough . would try somethign else
i love revlon lipsticks . it's always high quality lipstick . also an amazing color selection . i would buy again when i run out . :) :)
same as all natural oils i think pure coconut oil works better then this i saw no difference using this product
for . 98 cents you really cannot complain . i have tried one of the brushes and it works fairly well for how much i spent
leaves my skin feeling very hydrated . this is a great value , smells good and feels good , too . i like it .
this polish is beautiful i love the color , the sparkle , the shine i would definitely recommend it was packaged great .
love cnd shellac polish . this is a pretty pink great for spring or summer . the polish lasts for weeks without chipping .
i have been using this for years , love it , it is a mainstay as far as makeup goes , maybelline products are always good !
did not care for this on my hair , but on my skin it seems to work . this is a great price after looking around
these colors were very transparent and dusty when you try to use your eyeshadow brushes.not a huge fan . $ 12 down the drain !
i love this straightener ! since using this straightener , my hair is less frizzy and it takes a lot less time to straighten my naturally curly hair .
its quite hard and stiff ... i had to bend the hairs some to wake it up a bit ... its ok ... wouldn't recommend though .
i am very satisfied with this purchase . i find myself always reaching for to wear it when i am going out . will purchase it agai 8n
i like it but it's not my favorite . i think it's the pointyness of the wing at the top of the hairband that looks kinda weird at times .
it's pretty cute but i dont like it because it looks and feel like i'm just writing on my lip with a pink marker so this wasnt for me
gave 1 as a gift and kept the other 2 . this is a great scrub and leaves my skin so soft and clean for self tanning
cape was so heavy but like professional heavy my clients loved it and it felt gd like and expensive shampoo cape great buy
excellent nail guides for french manicures . comes on easily and off easily . when used properly you end up with a professional looking manicure .
i love this productt , it smells good and it makes your skin feel good as well . i would purchase it again and again
i love the flowers they glue on great and the colors are perfect the only thing is they r big so recommended for long tips
they work just like you would expect them to . the sizes are not much different though , could very easily assume they are the same size .
i don't like this concealer at all . it feels very sticky and looks oily when i applied on my face , and it's too light for my skin .
very small tube , looks like a travel size mascara . it does work good though , i like the brush applicator , just wish it were bigger .
veryyyyyyyyyyyy good it dries your manicure in 5 second , really good , everything from opi is amazing i will order again
i love that they have so many close color options mattes and shimmers . this one really brightens up the eyes
so far these are the best pearl style rhinestones i have tried . sizing is true . great mix of colors as well .
loved the hair clips , they are very good for making at home clips and they hold in place very well .
maybelline new york superstay 10 hour stain gloss , ruby indulgence , nice color , long lasting . , bad thing is transferable . i recommend it
this oil really works - made my wifes hair shiny and smoothshe got compliments from othersnow she swears by itjust wish it was cheaper , hence 4 stars ! recommended
it is a teak which suits very at the time of natural makeup ! ! since it was a very lovely and beautiful color , it purchased .
i bleach my hair a lot of this made my hair feel amazing . i use it about once a week .
i bought this item as a gift and she loved it , or so she says . i dont use these types of things though .
f e e l s g o o d o n m y s c a l p a n d h a i r
smells okay . doesn't do anything great . didn't notice a difference in the health of my hair . kind of feel like i wasted my money .
not as shiny as i would like but they still work great for nail art . taking what i paid for them into perspective , they are excellent :)
i love this brand and color is a fun one . this will be a great stocking stuffer for our daughter .
i bought this yesterday & used it last night . my hair looks great ! i love it !
this is just okay . not my favorite face treatment . it doesn't seem to really remove blackheads that well . i won't buy it again .
this is a nice shampoo . a little runny , but it smells good too . i like this and would buy it again too .
the hair didn't seem very real and when i tried it on it looked fake . it was not as described , so i ended up returning the item
it is a great idea for women who like to switch purses often , it makes the process very simple and quick !
i bought this for my daughter and now i am buying another one for a family member who used it and now must have one .
love love this scent it don't have a watermelon smell to it but it's lovely this item was a catch so look for it before it's gone
the phyto phytodefrisant hair relaxing balm makes my hair more manageable . when i blow dry my curly hair , it relaxes the curls much more easily .
very pretty and i love butterfliesit is a little bigger than i thought but it is ok aand good price
bought this for my mother and she loves it ! great moisturizer and soap ! great price ! ! ! she also likes the scent which isnt over powering !
works well for my hair , keeping it healthy looking . i would recommend this product to anyone that has dry or damaged hair .
amazing hairdryer ! i love it and i recommend it to everyone great price and does a great job ! thank you
i love all of now products , i use this for my face it is very sticky however , using it as a natural mask , works perfect ...
smells good , but not too strong , and it cleared his little flaky head right up lol ! glad he doesnt read this lol
i've had a great deal of fun with these . they work great and are easy to handle . i really like the different sizes
perfect deep pearlized color . spreads easy - soft - is powdery , so tap the pan before applying . lasts a long time with primer .
have used these twice so far and love them ... was able to do great detailing with them . what more needs to be said ?
wonderful product but also like using this sell ! ! ! they always ship right away therefore , i recieve my items within 4-5 days .
when the polish is on it's almost close to black but it's still very pretty . essie polishes are high quality and go on nicely .
this concealer has good coverage . just make sure to know your color shade . you want to get something that is closest to your skin tone as possible .
love the color and the staying power of this polish on toes is amazing , in and out of shoes , still on !
i know i will love it ... i love the peel works fast and makes your skin look like new . careful using this product
this wasn't the best mascara i bought , just decided to try something new on a whip . it's okay , not great .
love this body wash , give me a very clean feeling without making my skin feel dry , i usually use it after working out . great product
its a pretty color , just like in the pic . its not very dramatic yet it looks fancy and really pretty
i have been using this on my edges since it arrived and thus far its working well , just not enough time to see results .
this is very pretty ! i received a lot of compliments on this item . love it a lot ! petite and great for holding hair out of eyes .
i don't like the fabric and quality inside but i guess it is normal for the price outside it is looks nice
this took sooooooooo long to come . then i got these random sticks of religious icons ; not cool . one ven was the devil .
didnot work at all on my skin , :( but it has nice scent and it's not greasy once applied on skin .
i feel like it takes care of my cuticles . before using this product i never worried about my cuticles , but it was really easy .
i can't believe how many eyelashes you can get at such a wonderful price ... have finally gotten the hang of it--so will re-order again , thankyou jennifer
love this brush ! i have a very sensitive scalp and it really works well for me . my daughters love it too !
my hairdresser uses this on my hair and it works very well on thin hair . adds volume too . i will buy again .
not the worst product but not the best think its mostly diluted i have moved on to something else will not buy again
another shea moisture product that works well and does what it says ; it makes my skin look and feel wonderful , i believe in shea moisture products .
she uses these to practice making designs for all occasions for school and to improve her technique on other people
i like to use this when stamping . i apply it over the base color and never have problems with the image sticking to the stamper .
this dryer is super fast and the barrel shaped brush makes the results ever better . it's worth the high price .
this is oderless and not greasy . i like it . i gave it to one of my horse boarders as a gift .
the lamp is a very nice addition to my nail supply . i however don't like the timer on it it only has a 2 minute setting .
i would buy this product again . it is creamy and smells nice , i think it made a difference for me .
i have not gotten a chance to use them but if they are like others i have purchased then we will like them .
maybe this just was not my right color but it made me look dead . the minerals seemed to thin be a foundation ,
these are really cute . they didnt stay on my nails that well , but its hard to get something that does .
jojoba oil is jojoba oil to me but this was as good quality as what i usually buy like now goods
love how it makes my skin feel like new . and its really revitalize .. totally recommend it and more with the exfoliating beads which takes away any death skins
the greatest pigmentation in thisthis item is so cool and it gives you a seroius purple lip and deep incolor
ive purchased these lip gloss sticks before , their good and long lasting i enjoy them and their great for the price
they are perfect in every way ! they are all very pretty colors , they dont smell to bad . and they paint on the nail very nicely !
i love this oil . it smells great and it leaves my cuticles feeling so moisturized . its very inexpensive and worth it .
cheaper than pressed powder for oily skin . i like it and will buy it again when i have to buy it .
had to use jewelry pliers to pinch all the links tighter . they pulled loose with the first wear . otherwise , it's very pretty .
great brush to apply powder on concealer ( that will avoid creasing ) and / or to apply highlighting powder on cheekbones ...
great for lifting up and tighting the face , you can really see the results in a few weeks ! i highly recommend it !
adorable packaging , nice brush but a bit too shiny for my taste . use very little for daytime otherwise this is a beautiful highlighter .
you can get these items in daiso for $ 1.50 . the product is made of cheap plastic . i did not like it much .
just love the smell of this soap its fantastic and didn't cost much at all i recommend it to all my frends .
feels good and refresh and i feel the lift work and i will buy it again for the cost is good
love this brush so much ! can't wait to try out more from this line ! incredible value for such a great product !
amazing colors , lasts for hours . a little goes a long way . i am definitely planning to repurchase in the future .
so soft ! ! not as great as name brand but worry buying until you can afford name brand ... love my set ! !
i did not like the product but since i purchased more than one i gave to my granddaughter did gave to her and her girlfriend .
this product didn't do anything for me on top of that i got an allergic reaction . i believe some of the reviews are fabricated !
this oil has a smooth texture and its not too greasy . it also has a mild and very pleasant scent .
my niece loves this line of products . she uses them every day . definitely buying this product again . she also loves the packaging .
ended up selling this at a garage sale for $ 2 . it didn't work very well at all . would not recommend .
i love this brush , it is the best out of all brushes , it is very dense and flat , and you can't go wrong with it .
shipped quickly , product is as you would expect for disposable bands.will purchase again when i start running out of bands
i brought this item , it did not stay , as suppose to do ? i gave it 2 . stars because it did not give me rash .
great product ! all the colors of blush you could imagine . i could play with this for hours ! it's such a good product !
great blending tool . i definitely love how soft it is and it is very easy to clean ! definitely great quality for the price !
this works just fine . does the job . washed in the washing machine a few times & is holding up nicely .
i am light / fair skinned and this shade was perfect for me . goes on light and sets makeup . would buy again
i have the soap , roll-on perfume , the spray and the incense . i just find this to be the most natural smelling lilac perfume out there .
product made me lose hair and smelled bad . there was absolutely no positive difference from using the product . very sad .
i have very curly , frizzy hair . this is great for my hair , and gives it the moisture it desperately needs .
great spf coverage and love garnier products this one is great cause it has exactly what i need at this time in my life . smells nice too
the best stuff on earth ! i never thought i would love something do much ! ! ! great products with great prices ! the best
i truly love all natural products ! 100 % vitamin e oil ! vitamin e oil is so good for your skin overall . i'm glad i purchased it .
good quality , great color , especially as a gift for girlfriend , wife . i do love the quality , shipping . recommend this one
this stuff is great ! only need a nickle size amount for long hair , smells great , lathers great , lasts forever--well worth it .
maybelline makes a great eyelash product . i would definitely recommend to others . very prompt delivery .
very good , i love it . it has great work to make face clear and soft , so i will buy it again .
leaves hair soft and shiny ! especially good for thick and coarse hair ! favorite product by pantene ! a must buy . continue to buy for sure !
quite drying but works it's magic overnight . especially good for the t-zone area that needs the extra help . clearasil never dissapoints .
not good for fine hair but my daughter has curly hair and uses it to control curl and also to conditions when she straightens her hair .
one , the quantity for the price is excellent . two , this product actually works as i was skeptical because of the low price and high quantity .
i love my tools to make dots on my nails . easy to use and easy to clean . very practicals . i'm very happy with my purchase .
simply stunning shade and does a fair job of staying on . still , its a good idea to take it in your purse for reapplication
this is awesome . hair dries fast and comes out smooth and sleek with body and some wave . * * note : hair length is past shoulders .
this is a great product . it was inexpensive and gets the job done . it wasn't as painful as i imagined either .
this curling iron is sleek and amazing it has different settings and auto shut off after thirty seconds . which is a great feature to have .
a lot of colors good for the price but the color goes off on less than five days and it feels thick also
it was a simple to use product . super easy to use . its a real at home item . a little expenses but worth it
have had no need for a ridge filler with this . even helped my full acrylics stay on longer . won't be without it !
i really like this face cleanser does and awesome job . does not dry out my very sensitive skin . great product .
great wash ! i use it twice a day . love the creamy feel . never dried out my skin but leave very clean feeling . awesome
this is probably the worst nail polish i have ever purchased . it is clumpy , and sticky , and does not come off well with remover .
this gel is great . and it works really well with curly hair . anyone with curly hair really needs this in their bathroom .
the flip flop is plastic and cute for a kid . the implements are pretty flimsy tho , and the nail cutter is very dull .
during winter i go with heavier conditioners and this one is better than their macadamia nut one . my hair just feels so amazing and shiny afterwards .
this is a nice facial cleanser , i tried it after being happy with their body lotion . it smells great and does the trick . good price too .
when i got this brush i was really impressed how soft and easy to use and how good quality it isa must have !
love this product . smells great . although gritty texture , feels good to face & neck when applied . leaves skin feeling clean and fresh after use .
love this color and easy application . good easy formula . but it is more a salmon than a peach to me
i really like roc products . this eye cream smooths on well and moisturizes well . compliments other roc facial creams and it is priced right .
after washing my face , this moisturizes my skin with just the right amount of moisture to make my skin not feel dry / tight .
this is a keeper . i will be buying more of this and it has great health benefits too .
what can i say this stuff smells good but it just makes my hair so dry , which sucks because i really wanted this stuff to work !
this stuff stays put longer than lots of other kinds i have used . it is less smeary in hot weather . my favorite .
great price for shea butter ! quality product that does not break the bank . will buy again . love now foods products :)
this brush is easy to hold and is perfect for use in the shower--not too soft and not too abrasive .
came pretty quick . the smell isnt horrible like most nail products . it seems to work better than the last kind i was using
after i used the oil i expected this to work wonders but it made my hair crazy frizzy and i felt i wasted my money .
personally , i really liked these . i have thin hair and small packs of stray , hanging hair so these were a perfect size and snapped tightly .
i really didnt see a difference in using this product undernearth my eyes .. i used the product for 1 month completely and still no difference .
i like this natural calm for the taste and for calming down . i do not have to take any medication because this is just perfect .
this conditioner is nice . does the job but isn't too heavy and doesn't weigh hair down . the smell is very nice .
i do love my red lips for a evening out or special occasion and this lip color doesnt disappoint ! lips look great and the color stays put !
another great product . the shampoo is rich and creamy on your hair and also helps coarse hair . it will relieve scalp issues too
love the color and would recommend it to everyone.long lasting wear . all my friends love the color also . brushes on really well and smooth
it never stays on the nails and comes apart . totally not worth time at all , never use it again . sucked
definitely does what it says , keeps my hair frizz free until i wash again ! so glad i am able to buy this on amazon !
they work very well . they are very colorful but i was hoping for 30 different rolls . too many of the same color
maybe lightening my skin somehow but not very obvious . moderate price given such size . absorption is fine but just don't use too much each time
i used this , but i have thin hair so it slips a bit . if you have thicker hair , it will probably hold well .
wonderful leave in conditioner . i'd buy it again , but i needed to use a good conditioner before this leave in is applied .
for tweezing . how i ever got away without it i shudder to think . it's a good mirror . seems to be quality .
most of the plates are full finger stamps and i like that's what i like about these plates would tell my friends to buy them
i bought this perfume for my mom and they are fake im so mad about this . dissapointed totally ! ! ! please check out
she wanted some nude eyeshadow for christmas and i surprised her with this . she seems to really like it , because she wears it many days a week .
i love all the bh eyeshadow palettes , i have all the editions except the 2nd , all are very bright and pigmented !
for the price i'm not impressed . the color is pretty but not special or unusual . spend your money on a nars or bite lipstick .
as long as you don't over apply and focus on getting the glue right on the ends , it is great product !
it is an okay under makeup moisturizer , but i can't say that i notice any difference i the " ultra-lift claim " .
this kit is definitally worth the price ! it is a beautiful case filled with everything you need and great quality !
i really do not like this moisturizer . it always feathers and balls up on my skin . i can never use this , especially under makeup
nice clean sent and is not overpowering . very nice spring , summertime fresh smell and it last for most of the day . very pleased with this item .
this was just as described and the price was right.when it is gone i will definitely reorder.it works great for dark skin spots .
the color was not what i expected but was still a nice color . it has a light duo chrome about it . is a nice bright coral .
very easy to apply and curls nicely . one negative is that it smears .
this is my most favorite shampoo / scent ever ! i look forward to washing my hair just so i can stand there in sniff the air haha .
i like that the stencil will let u get a nice shaped eyebrow but i don't like the materal it's made from , it make it harder to use .
i purchased and used on my daughters edges and her hair started growing back so i came back and ordered more .
i feel my skin more smooth , i see some improvements on my neck , my skin looks healthy and radiant , i am loving the results .
the only thing with these gems are they are not as sparkly as you were probably counting on . otherwise great selection of colors .
it works fine , but you can feel how cheap it is . ok for me because i am new to doing acrylics anyways .
love the china glaze line of nail polishes . wonderful , yummy colors and the polish lasts and lasts ...
i havent use it , so i cant say if its good or not . but i will update it as soon as i started using it
this color is really cute ! cute coral with shimmer on it . originally was for me but my mother ended up taking it for herself .
a spiced hot sugar freshly spun . sweet , sexy and flirtatious . makes me think of sun warmed skin and summer honeysuckle .
works good the smell is super strong i had nail glue before and this is the strongest smell ever ! i recommend wearing a mask .
it's ok . i've used other under eye creams that i thought had better results . not bad , but not as good as i hoped .
i love this perfume and it came packed with great care . it's a refreshing smell and great for everyday use !
they are very nice not cheep looking or feeling . they do what they are meant for . if i had to buy more i would .
that there were a little bit more stones in the case . there were a lot , but the case was pretty big so it looked lost !
these nail art glitter are great all the colors are beautiful , they're many to chose from and have fun with .
i love these glosses , so i was really excited to get all 3 flavors . they are really pretty on , i love them .
i use it with my moisturizer on my face and with my body lotion . it's a wonderful addition to my arsenal to hold back time .
i heard it from my friend . it is cheap but the quality is good . it's good to use for a newcomer to draw eyebrows .
this is great fits really well in hand and makes applying eyelashes easy i will definitely be buying more real soon
this item works ok but the tips kept falling off . i might be using it wrong though . otherwise it works pretty good .
i really love all the designs . so happy i made this purchase . i can't wait to use all these stamps .
this case a good price and with a good presentation and variety with excellent fragrance and premium quality that makes this product is worthy of people
really good . covers up everything i have on my face . don't easily get wiped off . also the color matches my skin tone so it's perfect .
this products evens out the red skin tones and allows the application of " normal " make-up to be effective . it's a great product .
love how the nails look , but it does not stay on the nails long . and when i used the top coat , the colors changed :(
this product works extremely well to moisture and nourish cuticles . have alot of recommendations from others that was why i purchased this product
works well sticks . no issues , just takes a lot of time but over all very pretty after your done with your nails .
this product does not stay on long enough and flakes off especially in hot weather .
i've tried many and this one is my fav . works well at making my hair soft and easier to manage .
i love all the product details , but this product clogged my pores and i started getting little blackheads . i love how lightweight it is .
great product to hold your wig or hat in shape , it's simple to use and does the job as well as can be expected .
i absolutely love this mascara . this mascara definitely is more a lengthening mascara , than a thickening one.but i love it .
if you do nails and your always designing , you need these asap ! i love these so much , they work amazing !
i have used it for two weeks , and can't tell the defense on my face . it's does not work for me
great wheel and handy storage that allows you to open and close easily i am happy with all the shapes
this was a must buy for me . being a 4c natural and between dyeing my hair and deep conditioning this is must have .
love these wipes im addicted ! best for lazy nightsfeels nice and smooth and big enough for any big ole face
just the right rotation speed and am taking my time using as to not make my feet hurt ! i do recommend !
i had great feeling hair after using this product . the container was a bit different with the opening on the bottom . but i liked it .
this train case is so cute and fits all my stuff great ! it sure is big enough and folds out nicely
nice light smell and feel . using it to make various lotions , and body scrubs . works well with the scents i have used so far .
the smell is the same but it's standing power is so weak that its off in a min it does not stay long in 30mins its gones
kiss him is a very sexy , manly scent . it's not overpowering , the packaging is cool and the price can't be beat !
i like this it is very pretty and it lays on the front of my hair when i wear a afro sytle .
once you put the caviar on top of the clear nail polish it bleeds . not happy about that on a pale background .
this is a nice color . not much else to write about this . nnn nn nn nnn nnn nnn nnn nn
i can't express how happy i am with this product ! i've used products 10x the price of this curler that haven't work as well . highly recommended !
instantly more beautiful with first application - effect is cumulative . skin gets softer and younger . make-up glides on . price savings is fantastic .
this is a great product for what you pay for i'm so happy with my purches ! ! ! is great ! ! ! awsome
well my cosmetolic recommended it to me it is good i didnt see any results any ways i am still taking it
i am using this for dry brushing my back and it works well . i thought it would be a little wider but it still works .
these are awesome for on the go or when your lazy and dont want to wash your face . takes everything off !
pca always has great products . the acne cream is great for spot treatments coupled with pca's protecting hydrator and pca's facial washes .
very moisturizing eye cream . i also use it on my dry patches on my face . it feels wonderful .
according to my son , this is the absolute best for diminishing acne marks , especially pimples and zits that are just beginning to form .
this product is what i was looking for . i purchased it from this company because the price was right and i like the way it go's on .
these make killer manicures , studs are super easy to store and apply , stick well with nail glue and really work with the new studded mani trend .
they were great product did not preform to me . but i have really dark circles so cant blame them the search goes on but there service was great
really happy with this cream and use it all the time . great for your cuticles and dry hands . will be buying more when needed .
bye bye dark circles . they are fading and i'm so happy . have had them for years .
my hair is soft , shiny and well conditioned when i use this . the best thing next to a great cut or trim .
wasn't impressed . didn't do much at all and remained very oily . it never really soaked in . i ended up throwing the tub away .
it holds every thing in place and its really strong .. dries very fast so works quickly .. the best i've ever used
i love this shampoo . i do not have to worry about getting oily hair so quickly after using this . clean and fresh smell and feel , ty !
this product cleans my face so well . my skin feels so clean and looks to healthy when i use this .
i learned of this product by a beauty blogger you tube just because i like clean my face and remove all the dead cells leaving my skin clean and soft
so pretty and durable . i highly recommend this product to any one who uses the uv light and gel polish .
this product is great ! the colors are bold and they are so soft ! this is a great buy for such a great price !
the best part of this set are the pinks and yellows ! ! perfect for summer ! ! ! and will not harm your nails ! !
it watery and smells super funny .. dint use it as much .. such a disappointment really . thought it was more like a creamy like .
i have oily , acneic skin . this sunscreen is really matte , blends well , no scent and gave me no zits . highly recommended .
used it during 3 weeks twice a day , it makes skin firmer yet no improvement compared to cheaper brands . don't recommend it
i tried this when my sister gave me a sample . i loved it and my hair loved it . i recommend it .
i think this product is great . i am sad that i have to always purchase online as this color is not available in stores any more .
i love this set ! ! there are great colors and a great selection of paints . we have been practicing to make perfect lines .
estas gemas vienen en diferentes tamaños , divinas , y muy fuertes se pegan a las uñas super bien , no tengo queja alguna
there's no other product out there that does what this does - it is a must-have for anyonewith a face !
the phillips 3 row teasing brush is a quality product from tip to tip and it's very easy to use .
another zero for me . this didnt work so well for me . not using this . going to try another brand . sorry
these polishes are an amazing deal ! my only complaint is that they chip more easily than my essie and opi polishes .
the bisque actually lightly covers whatever imperfection on your face . i normally put it on by itself and it does the job .
even after cleaning my face with makeup remover wipes , this product finds more to remove . feels great on the skin .
nice product for your skin even for darker skin tones a little goes a long way trust me and make sure you have makeup wadges to blend .
this is a lightweight moisturizer with spf 30 . i have had some burning with other lotions but this one has not had these issues
great for creases , the outer v and under the eye . soft bristles that are pointed and hold together well . great value and great buy .
have not used it yet but is as it was advertised . is for a teenager along with other nail items .
great eye makeup remover for sensitive " eyes " . highly recommend . also neutrogena toner is great for sensitive skin . neutrogena has fantastic products .
this bubble bath smells great . its relaxing and produces a lot of bubbles . it is very calming and i use it at night to relax .
i don't like the way my scalp feels after using this . i prefer the evercurl conditioning shampoo . so i won't buy this again .
this is good for teen girls , the colors are easy to work with and you get lots of eyeshadow . i enjoy using this everyday .
i will definitely repurchase . they are great for working on acrylics and the price is unbeatable . i am very happy with using these nail files .
like i said , it's exactly what i wanted and i used it . it was excellent . perfect for 3d nail art .
the quality is not very good , you get a lot in the containers . different shapes for different nail designs . not the best
this is a very nice moisturizer creams i m using it from the last five months and like it a lot . perfect for skin , would surely recommend this
lines are diminishing and skin is firming up nicely . would recommend to anyone who wants a skin tune-up at home .
not really satisfied with your purchase the little tarnished in faded not very bright really small to handle not worth my purchase
really like this body powder . it smells good and the scent lasts for a long time . i will order this again .
these are so pretty and perfect for nail art . i cant wait to order many more from this shippers . excellent buy .
this pair of eyelashes are my new best friends ! they look so natural , people can't tell i'm wearing them . it just makes my eyes pop .
t is a nice serum even use it alone . give me a nice bright smooth face when woke up in the morning .
they're so beautiful ! it was perfect & the perfect price ! i'd buy them again for sure ! ! i love them (: - tatiana
i purchase this for my hair and it seems to be working . my hair is naturally very dry and it seems to be keep it moisturized .
it was fun if i dont have any . it will be damaged.this wig is to heavey for fine hair.but fun for an event !
they are like any other beauty blender without the expense . really good . fast shipping although i prefer black as the stains dnt show up as much
assorted pearls for nail decorating , let your inmagination go and you can do ... whatever lol . yes i would recomend this .
these are great and they are just like you can get on the popular home shopping network channel but a better bargain .
my daughter-in-law loved having be delicious in a mini form so she could take it with her anywhere . she loves the scent and the packaging .
this stamper looks to be in between the konad stamper and the xl squishy stamper . i haven't had the chance to try it yet , but will soon .
i honestly don't think this did anything for me at all . i had hopes that it would work but just a pure waste of money .
i love nyx ! ! their eyeshadow pigments are so deep and intense , try this color over the milk eye pencil , it will pop ! !
i'm no nail artist , but i bought this stamper and after playing around with it , got pretty good at it ! makes my boring nails fun !
very well priced , came on time and huge bottle . the only thing is it is very hair spray scented but i would order again .
please see my previous review about this wonderful product . this is only a new package . same wonderful , heavenly product by phyto
wore the first pair several times before they wore out . they're durable , easy to apply , even if you're new to wearing false lashes
awesome and i cannot wait to use them ! and the came in earlier than expected ! bonus points :) nice product
i would not recommend anyone to buy this pen for nail art . it never dry up and it's the worst pen ever
i have been using this for several months and i see no difference at all . no bad side effects either , but not positive impact at all .
i am always going to buy tweezerman tools . they are the best . this cleans under the nail without scraping or tearing skin .
great when you use fake tans , it works great , i love it , gonna buy another one once this one gets old .
not greasy , and does the job at a fraction of the cost of those other creams . i love it .
i love this stuff will buy it againmakes my body feel greatand does wonders for my handsi massage it everywhere on my bodyand feels greatwill order more
sheds like crazy ! don't buy this crap ! you will be disappointed if you do trust me first " sigma " purchase and disappointed .
i purchased this comb for my daughter who has thick , curly natural african-american hair . this comb goes through her hair really easily .
this product does what it says it will do . i use it daily and would buy this product again . great to add to your anti-aging routine .
i am giving this to my daughter .. its way to fruity / teenager like for me . it smells great - just not for me .
i like it very well , beautiful color , for winter , it is pearly , i love that , i associate it with pearly white.looks like the photography .
this color goes on well and it goes with absolutely everything . even darker colors work well with it if you have a fair to medium skin tone .
its light really light , but refreshing just wish it would last a lot longer than it did , must be reapplied at least twice
it is a great lipgloss butnitnis not a long lasting one . you may wear this above any color and it will look amazing .
love love love this stuff ! excellent stuff ! this stuff cleans so well . i love this stuff . soap & glory products are always the bomb.com :)
not too heavy but definitely does an amazing job . i love this entire line of products and the difference it is making in my skin .
they are cute for little girls . i thought they were much bigger . it should state that in the title . i gave them to my grandbabies .
loved these diamonds . they were exactly as advertised and i was very impressed . it came on time and was in a neat package . very pleased .
i has a bad reaction from this product . it simply was not a good fit for me and personally will not use again .
the redness and roughness of my skin has reduced rapidly with just a few days after using this product love it
bought this for my husband . he just loves it . it does work . will be buying some more . need to stock up .
these have so many different functions and they are so cute . kind of endless on the potential scale . i enjoy using them / .
not quite sturdy and hooks are short so not very effective when latching onto hair and holding it in place . would not reorder
i got this product because i have 2 freinds that swear by so im crossing my fingers that it works so try it wiith me
works very well in getting your brushes back to it's original shape . if you have expensive brushes , this is a must have !
love this product lasts a long time and covers any dark spots you may have . i highly recommend this - the cost and quality is worth the try .
these hair ties are the best i have found so far . they are durable and great for really thick hair
i feel my face firmer after a month . i leave the mud in my face for 1 full hour and it feels very tightbenefits are excellent
this mascara curls my lashes , keeps them separated . very waterproof , also . i use it alone or over another mascara for more volume . love it !
i would recommend this to others . the coverage is good , very little clumping . easy to take off at night . it's great !
i use this in an antibacterial spray and even though i can't see visually , i feel like there is a difference .
these are extremely thin lines of metallic strips , they laid down very well . but kind of hard to find the cut end .
smells great , makes my skin feel soft and it goes a long way . can use in shower or bath . love it
very runny , have not used it enough to notice any change , but have read reviews everywhere on this product and recommend by most beauty mags .
reasonable price and must say it really gives your skin glowing look , so getting this product is worth the price
soft bendy and wonderful to sleep in , and then i wake up with bouncy curls that last . i love the natural aspect of bamboo eco-friendly curlers
there is alot of plates with cute designs ! but it doesnt work with all polishes you need special kind of polish
this is some great eyeshadow . i'm sold ; fan for life . i'll definitely be buying some more in different colors . i purchased pure silver .
super fast and shine top coat i like how fast is , special if youare so busy all day , this is for you !
this is a nice white cream non foaming cleanser , it smells like super strong noxema , it has lessened some fine lines but not deeper ones .
this brush feels smooth . it doesn't prick or poke my skin . it's easy to clean . i highly recommend this brush .
i have this delievered to me automatically . i love it , it adds great volume without adding any clumps ! the price is a steal .
works better than the regular suave dry shampoo ( with the yellow cap ) . decent purchase for about three dollars . get it !
a bit thick for summer use but a great product otherwise . i like this a lot . i would recommend to friends .
good product . it offers a close shave and is sleek and stylish . i would recomend it to a friend and i would gladly purchase it again .
i like it , however , for my hair type ; thick and curly , these bands would get stuck .
oh gosh i use this everyday . great dupe for naked palette by urban decay . love love love . plus it's six bucks ...
these are easy to use and bend / wrap pretty much any way you want them . i would definitely recommend this product .
it was smaller than i initially thought it would be . and it does not look like 3000 + to me . a lot fewer
they were a bit thinner than i expected but other than that , they worked well and for a good price .
this is my favorite product by olay i love how it makes my eyes look and feel . so easy to use too
smells like cleaning fluid and not a bit alluring even for toilet scrubbing ! do not like this at all .
this is fantastic ! really smooth , great color , great price , long lasting . it can be used as a lip color too .
i love my new silky hair ! it is wide and very comfortable ! easy to use on any hair !
theyre awesome.super cheapmost cabochon followers like this are usually $ 3 for only 10 . super good deal . recomended . i ordered more .
works great to hold eyelashes . holds all day , and you cant even see it . make sure to put your eyeshadow and eyeliner on first though . (:
i have seen improvement with this serum . i do plan on getting more when this bottle runs out . definately would recommend
really very good stain and fine sifted and easy to make paste . gives shiny and makes hair lively and soft . also long lasting effect .
these brushes work very well . the bristles aren't too hard or too soft . they really make makeup application very easy .
if your thinking of getting these for wash cloths ... don't . if you want something thin and flimsy for a rag then go ahead and buy them .
not as creamy as i expected and does not cover and moisturize like others i have tried . however , the salmon color is quite good ,
never will i order from this place again some stuff was missing and damage bad for business .. it was not at all what i thought i was getting
this product is seriously amazing now after i tried it i can't go a day without using it especially for school
very nice , i used it and is preside , i'm very satisfied with this liner , it's fabulous ! i recommend this liner .
this product , is very easy to work with , and i recommend it to others . will order again in the future .
the designs are fantastic and they come out perfect everytime . i have several other cheeky plates but this one has the cutest designs by far .
i love these because they look very natural and the price is very reasonable . i plan on buying them more .
smells nice and leaves my hair looking shiny and mostly frizz-free ! i've tried other brands and john freida types but always end up coming back to this one .
used this for my sons yeast infection . worked wonders . mix it with a & d ointment and a few days later it was gone .
this has soooooo many colors to choose from and wide range of same color . i love it and recommend .. .
great product , skin definitely shows the difference when taking these regularly with lots of water . plumps skin cells , face is softer.highly recommend !
got this cause i heard good things about it . the color is so amazing i really love it . i would get it if i were you .
if you are looking fot a lightweight nightcream that requires a small amount , then this it the one for you.love the smell too .
i put this in my kids hair and it smooths out there hair leaving it shiny and moisturized . i also love the scent .
the color if this lipstick is a vibrant red . the color is perfect and it leaves your lips soft . great buy !
probably works fine if it fits your dryer . it did not fit mine so i sent it back . check the diameter of your dryer before purchasing .
this perfume smells so fresh . it's a great spring and summer scent . it has a floral and honeysuckle scent . it's sexy and seductive ! ! !
love , love , love . can't say nothing else . i mean this is the true business , com a must must must have all times .
i love this body wash . it smells very fresh and clean and it feels great on the body . i would recommend it to anyone !
i love that it is natural . it drys out your hair , be sure to use a conditioner after . i would buy again .
i use this in the morning under my makeup . it absorbs well without any greasy feel to it .
i'm a essie gal all the way ! it's a sweet blend of a hot pink with a nice pinch of glam magenta . compliment getter right here !
i order the black toiletry bag , but received a brown one . the zipper did not glide smoothly and the leather was stiff .
a nice cosmetic for a woman . a nice gift and not to expensize . a nice color for lashes and works good .
i do not recommend this ... waste of money . it did not do nothing to my ears . i should have bought something else
the price of this is a good price love it when ever i run out i will all ways get this through you guys
i was hoping for a better color payoff than the one i got after using this product .
really like this dryer and 2 hands could fit in although i don't do this . very quiet and works for most uv gels . wish leds were cheaper .
this is an awesome nail polish color . i'm always looking for different colors to add to my addiction , errrrrr my collection , and this fit the bill .
this product cleans your hair nicely without leaving it coarse or drying it . just wish the scent was little stronger .
so amazon always has what i need . i use this product daily . i am 41 and look 25 because i take immaculate care of my skin .
these bands do what the packaging states they do , keep the hair in place without damaging your hair or braking it off .
thank you so much for an inexpensive awesome product . it works perfectly ! it dots accurately and is wonderful for beginners .
nice polish , but very much like others made by this company in micro sparkle color coats , a clear polish that goes over other polishes for a kick .
nice strong colorstays in place and does not bleednot overly sticky like some lip glossescolor does not last long however i do not expect it to give what it is
good quality for cost ... this companies oils do not smell rancid = they are good and inexpensive . i ordered 3 different kinds of oils
i love this cream . it is the best foot cream i know . the smell is delicious and your skin gets very soft with this product .
it doesn't streak as long as you exfoliate first , the smell isn't bad and the color is nice . i would buy it again .
i had no problems with this product whatsoever . i followed the directions and my hair was revived and smelled nice .
i thought this would be a more sparkly color but its a kind of a muddy blue , i think it's alright from the holland collection
great shampoo which absolutely keeps my hair in great condition and does add volume to my hair .
* love the boots no 7 serum use as a primer * it goes on smoothly like velvet * would recommend to anyone trying to improve fine lines
the fragrance is the best . as a moisturizer , it is light and fast absorbing , so great for summer . i would get it again and again .
wow - got rid of my rough skin immediately - i went out and bought more of these - i highly recommend this product to everyone
perfect for top coat and the glitter is very thick ! surprisingly lasts a long time too ! definitely buying more china glaze
taken daily it helps me keep my bowels regulated . it is a good pro biotic and was recommended by my doctor .
its ok i love it because it is affordable what i didnt like is when i close my eyes it looks so fake lol . but i still like it
it's not creamy at all . smells like oil or kersene . the color is not ' caramel ' at all . really not happy
no complaints ! this set is easy to use , easy to clean , etc . i use it to mix my aztec clay mask .
this really made a difference in the texture of my hair--softer and shinier . i use it first , before using my regular shampoo .
i'm loving it . i love microdermabrasion and derma rolling is definitely the a good step in skin care . this roller was inexpensive but very effective
i use this as a foundation brush but i have seen it used for so mush more . i totally love this brush
cheap and good i used it for my make up . i love blue call me blue lady hahahahhah . will buy again
i love badger balm and all of them , i have several and enjoy putting them on and relaxing . they are very helpful
this is a great base color for a french manicure , or two coats will give good coverage in a natural shade . goes with everything .
eucerin redness relief provides immediate redness relief . it provides light , all-day moisture and uv protection while reducing visible redness and blotchiness , for an even-toned complexion .
i really enjoy this palette , love the colors and the quality . i use pretty much all the colors . i recommend getting this .
this seems to be working just as stated . i have been using it for 2 + weeks each night at bedtime . lips seem fuller so far .
i have been using this for years . it's the best ! i've tried others at a much higer price andthis is still number one on my list .
this one i cant wear because i can not get it open , but it is very nice and nice rose
this shampoo is pretty good for colored hair and the smell is sooooo nice . it's a really good shampoo i recommend it .
i really love shany lipstick sets ! they come with amazing colors and have great pigment , just like shanys eye shadows !
this product works great ! very handy tool for those who can't resist popping pimples such as i . very easy to use and pimples come out easily .
i really like the fragrance of this body mist . it's very fresh and clean . i like the mist because it last long and was a great buy .
good for both males and females . it works well and we hope it continues to perform as well after time . arrived on time .
haven't seen much progress . i will admit that i do not use everyday .
love it ! this puts a wonderful finish on your face , if i need another one , i will definitely buy from here .
i love this for the price ! its way cheaper than the ones i see at the mall . its easy to clean and easy to store .
love this make-up ! ! i love the finish i get from this make-up .. coverage is great too .. and surprisingly i love the roller applicator ..
this works really well even on my husband's rough hands . it leaves your skin soft and moisturized .
i have always felt that conair makes the best dryers . it is quiet and drys your hair quickly . nice black color . lightweight .
like all of the olay regenerist products this moisturizer is great ! it goes on smoothly , and lasts through my day . it's great under my light makeup .
glad i found this on sale . it has hydrated my face has made the lines on my face less visible and it smells nice .
they are a good size and really cute ! i dont regret it buying this . i love the brush , i use that everyday
i have not tried the product yet but i hope it as good as saying if so i will keep ordering more you i love when product work
this is the best shader brush in the whole wide world . that is all i have to say about it .
causes great growth and thickening on hair and eyelashes . definitely a keeper for my family . arrived in great shape and quickly .
this lipstick goes on smoothly and stays on much longer than other lipsticks . this is kind of a mauve / pink color that is creamy , not frosty .
this winter has been brutal and with me constantly washing my hands on the job doesn't help . this has been a hand savior .
great product . i've been using it for years . i actually prefer this over the $ 20 designer pomades . i get compliments almost daily ! highly recommended .
i've been using it for a couple of weeks already and i can tell that my stretchmarks are definitely faded . derma restore looks like it's working for me .
for an inexpensive bronzer , this is decent . i'm happy with my purchase . i love the fact it does not turn orange on me . thank you !
i have this and i really like it ! the colors are great and it stayed on for most of the day , even without a lid primer !
rosemary has a nice subtle scent . i don't find it to be too drying , would buy again for another room .
i love this shampoo . it cleans my hair well without drying my scalp out like other shampoos . unfortunately it's very expensive , especially for only 6 oz .
i feel that these are way to big to be used on nails . they stick out way to far and take up too much room !
these soakers are easy to use . and if you work in nails and if it is your job , you might have them .
this is a great product , i love the way it makes my skin look and feel . i would recommend this product to everyone .
all the colors are gorgeous and you get plenty to play with . great for accents or even building pictures or full coverage . possibilities are endless .
i love the fact that i got so many choices of color with different sizes and it will be easy to use
great product ! i will continue to use it on a weekly basis for the results of smoother skin . i like that !
this chi infusion works very well on my hair.it is not oily and does not build up on your hair.also it gives your hair the proper shine .
have been using this for years . used to put it on at night . now use it in morning under sunscreen . much better results .
love this powder . blends well . makes my skin look perfect over my foundation . packaging looks old like it was sitting in a warehouse for sometime .
seems ok a bit on the smaller side ... steel seems to be heavy duty and sturdy ... time will tell on this one
made my hair feel great ! it felt so soft and it also immediately stop the breakage . i definitely recommend , whether or not you are natural .
top and bottom coat combo is a great deal . usually these retail for around $ 12-15 a piece . awesome deal and they work just as expected .
i use it as eyebrow clear gel . works great to tame the eyebrows and does not remove the eyebrow shadow .
it's not as much liquid as i thought it would be but it does its job . i reccomend buying a bigger bottle .
it's ok but but don't really see any improvement . actually like the exfoliating pads that avon sells better . will not purchase this again
nice nail soaking trays . i really like these so i bought 2 sets . they look exactly as pictured.really great buy !
haven't used this yet i bought this to mix with other oils for my hair but it did come on time
i love it for touch-ups and i use it between classes and when i go out in the florida sun frequently .
i always buy this brand . it's the best top coat available . very shiny and dries quickly . don't settle for less !
it smells bad , doesn't work , smells like the worst cheap perfume ever , and i just can't get over the smell . it made me wanna puke .
works very well and leaves no residue . one of the best ones i have ever found . the price on amazon is also the best i could find .
i love this nail polish rack . my only problem is that i have so many nail polishes that i need two of these .
i love these ! i use them for removing eye makeup ! ! gets the job done ! highly recommend ! aaaa + + + and also smells nice !
this is a terrible product . made my hair turn purple . i will not use or purchase again sadly . don't waste your money .
i gave this lipstick a perfect score because it is just the right shade of pink and looks very good on me .
great for the price you pay everything came intact . can't wait to start doing nails these are amazing . same color as seen on picture !
these gems are so colorful and has different shades of a color . they are the perfect size not too small and not too big .
some of these bows have miss prints or blotted prints so i had to discard a few
i dont usually wear cologne but my wife made me get this and it smells wicked . came at a good price .
i love this product but it is a bit too pricey for me . will purchase a couple bottles at a time if i find a bargain on ebay .
really cool concept - makes it really easy to create the sock bun look - no sock required . really affordable and a must have !
i just did my nails at home for the first time and this product worked very well . nail gel bonds well .
these andrea lashes good , but have heavier strip . i purchased duo adhesive and had good results . was disappointing at first , but now like them fine .
very cute idea , easy to use . makes it very easy to do a french tip polish too . i would recommend this item
this is beautiful .. it looks just like natual human hair , beautiful color i cannot wait to wear this and have long beautiful curly hair :)
great product have seen the changes of my skin tone , i would recommend this product , however you must be consistant in the usage to see results
i love this brush it helps making clean up around nail bed so easy .. worth every penny recommend if you are a messing nail painter
will not repurchase again sorry . but i did not like the smell . i did not like putting all of those chemicals in my hair
i cannot say enough good things about this toner . it is amazing ! ! ! alcohol free , leaves my skin toned and refreshed . wonderful !
well , this wont work as a gel eyeliner , but definetely wont melt or leaving a raccoon eyes at the end of the day . i recommend this .
havent fully used yet but so far so good.white paper strips and does not leave any white on the face.does soak up any oils from blotting .
i love this diffuser , it fits on my multiple blow dryers and work well . i'm not sure about the " tourmaline " but the diffuser is great !
the polish is really thick and should only be used for stenciling which is fine since that is what i bought the product for .
this is a good size container , love all seventh gen products especially this soap . no chemicals is always a plus for our family
the colour is great , but the pen is a little hard to draw and it doesn't last long . i use it as eye shadow .
i got fooled but the name organix , it has many chemicals , i am allergic to most conditioners even organic so i threw it out .
love the lash serum also . i would recommend clay always ! ! so far anyway ! ! i also like that it's a duo .
great color . it goes on easily . if you make a mistake easy to clean and reapply . i used a lot on my daughters nails .
one of the best slightly scented hand soaps i have ever tried . i would recommend this brand and this particular scent anytime .
absolutely a great product ... true to description , smooth application and easy to use , i would highly and have recommened it to many friends and family .
this is definitely a bargain . i have only used these polishes for stamping . they work pretty well . they are certainly quite a deal !
didnt come packaged like it was supposed to and i had no idea that anyone even made wheels that small . wow .
i love all the pencils , just the case it's a little cheap , but it serves its purpose very well :)
the color is nice , but a little different than expected . it applies nicely and lasts a good week even without a clear topcoat .
can't beat d price . luv this comb set . i av very short hair so these work really well to give me any desired look .
really dammm good cream it has worked so well for me just use it everyday be very consistent & u will see resultz
as usual these nail buffers are absolutely wonderful makes your nails look perfect . worth the price and last forever . can be used for a home or salon .
you have to have one of these if you are going to put beads or feathers in your hair and this does the job for a good price .
this color is by far my favorite nude . i have been using 2 coats and it looks great . love this color . true nude color .
the colors are nicely pigmented and can be used every day or for a night out . definitely recommend . love it
perfect for contouring . i use it to apply my bronzer . picks up just enough product without overdoing it . really nice .
this pure organic argan oil is superior to any i have tried . i use it every day and it absorbs perfectly .
great , stays on for days without adding more to the lash . no clumps , no stings , no burn . love it just need big bottle now ;)
not advertised number of pieces , but there were a lot and they were organized and contained . i'll buy it again when we use them all .
its smaller than expected but totally does the job , its worth the money and boy did it make my eye lashes curl .
castor oil is good in shampoo bars because it is very moisturizing and doesn't strip the scalp of its natural oils . this worked great .
body and a lovely scent that lasts all day ! i love the way my hair looks and feels after using this shampoo and conditioner .
the best tips , the softest by far and worth the money . i use these for everything from art projects to removing eye makeup gently .
not well made - i have seen better but for the price i didn't bother sending it back . save your money .
this product leaves my hair shiny and soft to the touch . as well as not damaging my hair while blow drying ... i love it ! ! !
these are great just like the picture . but ebay has them cheeper for a dollar a lot more pieces .. will purchase from ebay in the future
the line is not very black and you have to reapply it over and over to get an opaque line
this was a great bargain , worked out cheaper than if i had purchased them at a wholesale discount store plus it was elegible for free shipment ... bonus
this conditioner works great by leaving my hair fuller and softer . i would definately recommend to anyone who want thicker and silkier hair !
this is the only face wash that cleans my skin and doesn't over dry . it feels so nice and creamy & foamy on my face .
you can never go wrong with opi and amazon ! love this color , its a perfect shade ! highly recommend ! you will love this color !
konad plate m56 is a french tip plate that is easy to use . it prints out clean and clear like all the konad plates .
opi is the best nail polish . this color is just as expected in the picture and looks great with black crackle over the top . love it !
i love physicians formula products , they go on smoothly , last a long time , and look great . highly pigmented for great coverage
love the colors not sure if i will buy this again not to pigmented for me pretty palette though love coastal scents products .
i recommend all the products in this line for curly hair . they work great and really get a lot for your money . i highly recommend .
this is perfect if you like to design your nails . an absolute must to have in your nail decorating kit .
still applies with a lot of color after only two coats , but jelly consistency . long lasting too . better than the sally hansen ones .
these are cheap but they work . you get what you pay for in some cases but these aren't too bad
i thought that i would get a few pearls , but they were full with pearls and all sorts of colors with it .
this product came on time . its really cute and i am very happy with this product . if your interested i would recommend it !
okey yess it work , it make some nice curly on my hair and they look natural ;) i recomend it plus is not so espensive ;)
this is a must have as it is good for concealing any blemishes that are on the face . will buy again .
my absolute favorite perfume ! came packaged very carefully , in tact , and it was cheaper than in the department stores ! i love it :)
this is the best dry shampoo i have ever used ! the smell is not too bad . i would highly recommend this dry shampoo ! aaaa + + +
my skin is so soft using this moisturizer . i love this stuff and use it all the time . i will order more through this company .
i love this product , makes my skin feel smoothe like velvet . i would definately recommend this product to women who wear makeup ! !
i figured what could i lose for something so cheap . this stuff works all day long . my make-up didn't smear or crease .
since i began using this product several months ago , my nails are stronger and longer than they have every been . it really is a wonderful product .
this is a very large hair towel and it works very well to absorb water after hair washing . remember to wash without using fabric softener .
awesome and they look so good on me . i love the color and how well they work . very pleased .
smells great ! purchased to make my own reed diffuser at home , mixed with cinnamon oil and it smells so good !
works well with powder skin finish or highlighter . blends well and does not leave a caky effect , defined but blended look .
great color , nice staying power . not as good as some of the higher end brands , but will work for a soft look .
looks more natural than many others sold like this , however most of the lashes fall off while removing them from the carton .
i really like this brand for removing my nail polish . i am a repeat customer .
i just can't figure out how to get these to stay on my fingers straight - the gel makes curved nails instead of straight once dried in the led uv
this eye cream is good and moisturizing , but it's not life changing . my eyes don't look more awake or anything .
this has got to be one of the best facial lotions i have ever used . a little bit goes a long way .
ive been trying to learn how to do my own acrylic nails and these brushes are awesome ! ! ! an they are very professional looking !
this soap has one of the best lathers that i have ever seen . i like the smell , it isn't too strong .
my nails are plain ugly - ridged and yellow . but the matte polish hides that very well .
this feels so good on you face.protect also firms the skin.great price and fast delivery.will buy again recommend it for all skin types .
it is affordable and easy to use neat and nice and lovely can take it on the go excillent product .
it is not at all what is in the pic u have to use a black or white fake nails or polish ..
i like the mascara its self however i thought it would have more sparkle to it and you can hardly see it .
it stick to lash but cant get in to black glue . it works some people might like black glue . good price
this brand seems just okay to me . i'm sure there are better products out there . didn't seem to do anything special .
i have very fair skin and this fits the bill ! i think it protected against maine's dry cold . for me , this is my new daily make-up !
best brush for my hair dry or wet and i love the glide that it does . it really is a great brush ! ! !
love love love this product , does great on my locs . wonderful conditioneer , cleanser and body wash ... sweet almond mint is my fav ! !
what i like about it that it gives good coverage without being heavy on your skin . it's good for this price .
i loved this product i kept hearing about it and had to try it . it was better than i expected ! ! !
i tried this and it just felt too oily on my skin and i used for two months and did not see any results .
great makeup brushes i use them everyday great price nice package awesome metal handle all around great buy thank you
love these ! they are sturdy and worth the price . you can create lots of designs with these dotting pens . satisfied !
these are fabulous sparkly and cute fit great on the nail wear them got many compliments and are so great .
this cutter cuts my nail tips perfectly . it's a good quality cutter . i got it within 10 days , so i'm happy with it !
i have used this mascara for years . a favorite . i now need 11 more words to finish this silly review ... done ! !
very pretty color and easy to applynow i know why it's so famousi like the color and very special texture
this is my favorite and favorite of all ! ! ! it is the best ! ! !
no complaints and got great colors in the mix , including black ! great deal for the price and a start for a variety of colors .
its okay , not sure if it is really silk , more like a soft mesh material . works just fine though . product was as displayed
does the job , and got here on time so what else is there to say ! im happy with my product .
my absolute favorite foundation brush ! ! ! this brush gives a completely airbrushed finish that no other brush i have does ! .
really does help make hair clean however you still need to really wash your hair with shampoo once a week .
this mascara works great ! it makes my lashes look long and think ! i would recommend this product to anyone , five stars .
i love the adult seki nail clippers and was disappointed in these . i thought they would be wonderful but had problems getting them to go over the nail .
the plates are very small and do not heat up like a full size croc . hair product also sticks very easily to the plates requiring clean up constantly .
this is a beautiful hair fork & a fantastic price . it is very dressy , but such pretty colors , i couldn't resist . i was not disappointed .
not greasy and would be nice for the skin . i do use it on my hair and have not noticed any particular benefit .
very smooth application and really keeps skin supple and smooth for upto 10 hrs ! does what it says ! refreshing ...
it took too long to dry , waste of money , i want something that isnt as watery as this one . #ew
i brought it reading the review and worth it , as it worked very good on my skin and keeps it moisturised all teh time .
this didn't make a difference in my makeup application or wear . it didn't give me the smooth base or staying power i was wanting . would not buy again
the product arrived expired ... therefore it was very thick going on and felt filmy and was hard to get off my face .
this smells good and is a good size bottle . it works well and i would buy it again at a later time .
this is perfect for winter , too greasy for summer but it has really made a difference in my skin tone . definitely less red bumps !
this sunscreen goes on dry as described . we use it on the entire family and are happy with the protection .
love making my nails look cool , llike the tool to help use the rhinestones . and like all the colors thanks
this polish is more red and sparkly than i was expecting , but it's still a lovely color and i'm glad i added it to my collection .
one of the best highlighters around . great staying power and provides just enough shine . it may be too white for darker skin tones .
opi has the best polish . i am a nail tech and i know about polishes . this is a great color for summer .
this eye-shadow are a high picment . the quality is great they are how they describe . perfect for a smoky eye look
this dryer is very effective . it is suitable for it's intended purpose . the tip does fall off in the hair .
very nice . if use the 10x , the 5x becomes the base . or other way . clear , no distortion . light enough to handle easily .
this is a great idea for anyone who likes to do their nails . it's perfect for drying your nails quickly so you can avoid messing them up .
this is a great product for curly hair . my curls are soft and bouncy . i have been using this product for several years .
small jar ~ product is nothing to shout about.was a little disappointed in what i thoughtwould be a wonderful item .
these are really great , and well worth the money , very happy i ordered them . you will not be sorry here !
i have a friend that works for roc and gave it to me as a gift ever since i have been using it love it
this product works really fast . i saw great results almost immediately ! i even ordered a few boxes for my mother and she loves it too .
amazon.com was the best price i found for this perfume and my daughter-in-law was really happy with this gift . !
love the shine ... this really dresses up my manicure ... will buy again ... i like the different colors included in this product ...
i loooooove this setting spray . keeps my makeup looking fresh as though i just applied it . i would recommend this product ! !
love this palette . great bang for your buck for all the vibrant colors . it is my go to blush palette .
received before eta very happy with product quality will be ordering another set soon to cover all my brushes ! ! !
i haven't used this product yet so i cannot give an accurate review at this time . i will let you know what i think when i do
the day i got it i use it for me and my sis and i still have more to do .
cheap , effective , cute , nice , great little spray bottle for plant food , etc . stores easily , holds a decent amount of liquid .
best shampoo i've ever used . doesn't dry out my hair or make my color fade ( i wash my hair everyday ) . can't live without it !
this scent smells very sophisticated , fresh and like a field of flowers . i love it and will buy it again !
i liked this so much - - it's quick , not too heavy , good choice of settings , very quiet , so i've already purchased two more as gifts
i like a gel that will give me some control but won't end up crunchy or leave any residue . this is the stuff !
this product came on time and was in perfect condition . this color is great and can be worn any time of the year even though it is bright !
i love it ! it does everything i want it to do and easy clean up . even great for cream blushes
i use these year around and get many compliments on my nails . love the colors , sparkles and they hold up well .
this is a beautiful polish ! it goes really well over pretty much all colors . i would recommend the brand and this color !
i am so happy that i bought this product . it dries nailsv just like you would at a salon . great investment ! ! !
i love this color it looks great on so many skin colors ! ! very vibrant and does not take much to give you a nice glow ! !
the formula is too watery to really stay in place . i glooped it onto my eyelashes every nights for a few weeks but didn't see any improvements .
the lashes are beautiful and really full . i liked the feel of them , great job with the shipment . i would order these again
see my review on the same product in black ... this is a waste of money . bumble & bumble or tresemme is the way to go .
this red is bright and gives an almost vintage look . its not a blood red its much softer . my favorite red !
i haven't had it long enough to tell the difference , hopefully it does well . i'm sure it tkaes a few months to notice the difference .
smell real good on pretty bottle strong smell it last very long time love it well buy again sex smell
bought it for my son's acne and it works ; protects skin , lubricates surface after acne preparation , and assists with shaving - well satisfied
i have loved thayer witch hazel for years and now love the lavender fragrance ...
helps my nail polish stick longer . i don't know what else i can ask for in a base coat . yup
i've tried several eyebrow sealers from urban decay and anastasia . this is way cheaper and works better in my opinion .
i love this perfume . it smells wonderful . it is a very sweet scent , but kind of suttle at the same time .
i received these brushes super fast 13 days before it said they should be here ! good range on different types of brushes . over all nice brushes ..
seems to be working . skin seems smoother . it has alotof natural ingredients and a good combination of peelingredients to cover a multitude of skin conditions .
easy to use .. basic big toothe comb ... stays in the shower constantly to use with conditioner .. still looks great .. no complaints .
smells like cloves . i like to spray on my face or legs before bedtime and moisturizer . will order again . thanks
i bought this and didn't know if it would be dark enough but it was perfect . it has sunscreen in it and it is very moisturizing .
very good quality for the price ! ! heavy duty and everything ! easy grip and gets the job done ! definitely recommend this !
i have not found this to be any different than other products that i have used . on to the next brand !
fine , firm brush . able to make nice neat lines . cleaned up well . no lost hairs during clean up with acetone .
i am allergic to certain eye makeup removal products this however gives me no adverse reactions . i also like that it is oil free .
i like roc products & so do many beauty enthusiasts . not sure this is working for me.kendall malloy chicago
i like them a lot for the price there good i would recomend it good but would buy it again
simple enough colors to buy for a makeup beginner . nice and compact for easy storage , and great for anyone really
why spend $ $ $ on latisse when you can just use this ? apply and go . false lashes never looked so real . honestly .
definitely worth the price . in stores they run from $ 7.00 - $ 10 + so it was a bargain and it came perfectly . i would recommend
i love this toner , it really tightens my pores . it cleans wthout stripping my sensitive skin . the best out there .
i bought for nail easy to use nice price use with a clear coat look good on nail easy to use for price buy it
i don't care for heavily perfumed soaps . i like light fruity scents . other then that it is a basic soap .
i am makeup artist and always need to have mirrors with me . this is the perfect size . i recommend it ,
it really does work to brighten and lighten areas on the face and also under the eyes . worth the price !
best drugstore concealer ive tried so far ... after my mac pro long wear concealer this is second ...
love the color but the polish is very thin . this seems to be the only issue i've come across so far .
i use this product all the time . my face and neck have not been this soft or clear since i as a teenager .
very happy with the unit . nicer than what they use in the shops here . works great . easy to operation , very roomy .
got the product in a squished box and some product was smeared on the bottle ... other then that its ok ...
i wouldn't buy again , saw zero difference at all , waste of money i gave it to my friend to try
because i have a another stock shampoo , i can't use one.but i look forward to use this item from now on .
really good for the price . the other product that i used before was very pricey . i like this better .
* i liked the conditioner , but still think the shampoo is drying or not so moisturizing . * a great find for the price .
if you have very sensitive skin , it may not work for you . it did dissolve well but left skin with blemishes
i love all shany cosmetics brushes .. very good quality ... definitely would recommend ... i will always return back to shany cosmetics for any product ...
this made my lashed clumpy , waist of time and money . i gave into the hype about this primer , you definitely get what you pay for .
u get what u want when u get this i like that is comes with a acrylic bottle that dose not turn ur nails yellow ..
i really wanted to love this scrub but it was very oily and too much liquid in the container . i hoped it would be a drier scrub .
it has a refreshing aroma , need very little to create nice lather . didn't really see a difference in my dry skin .
this was bought as a gift and the person travels a great deal and loves their new wallet . i just wished they made them for women .
hydrated my face in the beginning but now my face is used to the product and once again my face is dry !
i love the entire neutrogena microdermabrasion system . the machine and the pads . your skin feels so clean afterwards ! highly recommended !
its more red then i thought it would be but i love the color anyway . i use this more in winter months because of it being more redish .
i am very sensitive and this takes off my face makeup nicely and gently . a little goes a long way .
this is the palette i use the most and it's still in good condition after 2 years . the colors are very pigmented .
smells pretty good and conditions hair well . i leave it in overnight with my hair wrapped in a towel , washes out nice and silky hair !
so glad to find a suncreen that is formulated for people who have acne and skin problems . works well . will purchase more in the future .
gorgeous scent , not cheap and chemically . love the creamy consistency . not a light watery lotion , but a thicker cream . love it .
not what i was expecting . doesn't apply well , have to use a lot to get desired results . came in a timely manner and packaging was good !
this one does not do anything special for me . i will not be repurchasing it don't really find it worth the money .
i don't like scrubs even though we are told that we have to use it . this product makes me feel good about exfoliating . the end .
i had high hopes for this as shea butter is so moisturizing , but it is so heavy it is unusable . very disappointing .
i've been using this product for years . i like it.it protects my skin and it doesn't feel greasy.it ' s not real expensive either . i recommend it .
love love love the way this smells and the way my coarse thick hair feels afterwards amazing cant wait to buy the real size
buen perfume para nosotros , aunque lo importante es que el producto si llega a tiempo y huele bien , vale la pena esperarlo .
i love this color and the image pictured is actually verrry close to the actual color . you can do so much with this color , love !
reminds me of an orange creamsicle color , kind of peachy light orange . goes on smoothly and usually done in 1-2 coats , typical china glaze
bom custo beneficio , ótima cobertura para um bb cream.minha pele eh oleosa , acho que este produto funciona melhor para peles secas , me deu muitas espinhas .
wasn't good for my skin , ' im using ponds & other stuff.then i was my face with zoxema really good
these are exactly as described , perfect for practicing any nail art designs you might be trying to implement . plenty of nails for you to work on :)
i have not tried this yet but look forward to using it . it arrived on time , well shipped and in excellent condition . thank you very much
i use this as a deep conditioner on my hair , with kinky curly natural it helps to soften my hair
can save you a 5 or 10 dollars for a cut down at the nail salon . that the only use for this tools lol .
this item is way to cool i use the stamper right away it's easy to use on small hands for my daughters they love it ...
this is a beautiful mirror and great value , but it is much too heavy and large to travel with , especially by air with baggage restrictions .
these work just as expected . long enough to hold wigs in place for styling . far price for the quantity you get .
i love the color selected , it looks very natural . i recommend this product ! for sure i will buy more for me and some friends !
smells great .. i can tell that my tan lasts longer when using this lotion . i would definitely recommend this lotion .
i love it , would not use any other soap again . i even use it on my face and my face feels smooth
gelish is the best gel brand i have used thus far . my daughter likes this color , it is certainly yellow !
these were at a good price but i don't find that they are easy to use , i like using the nail soaking tray instead .
i love this lipstick . this had great color and realy lasted . it has tiny bits of glitter so it really shines . and it smells nice too .
fast shipment ... sweettttttttttt i can't wait to start using this item now that i have the dotting tools my daughter wants my .
this is a great eyelash curler . it heats up pretty quickly and it is very easy to use . curls just as well as a regular eyelash curler
love these plates . images stamp great . always get compliments when i do nail art with this plate . keep up the good work .
just don't get it in your eye . clean , fresh smell and this product works great on my complexion . few scrubs are better in my opinion .
this is an upgrade to what i was using before , it really helps me clean cuticle area better and faster .
i bought this 30 days ago and was hoping to wear this for a shoot . i still haven't gotten it . really disappointed .
the colors are prettier and more even than pictured . it was bought for a friend and she loved it . plus it's an excellent value .
my hair needs to get a little longer and i think this tool will work great . my hair doesn't stay in it very well at its current length .
nice well packaged . it is a stocking stuffer , so i haven't used them . the brushes seem firmly attached and look like a quality product
does not do its intended job for me . the adhesive is too sticky and the end result is ruined polish .
most of the other premier products are thicker and go on nice , this was super thin and i just didn't feel like it was doing anything .
this product smells good , melts nicely and makes your skin feel soft and hydrated . it is great ... just what a needed for a paraffin dip .
awesome product looks very natural , not like a crayon or like your eyebrows are drawn on . will continue to buy
medium orange color . good saturation . stays on pretty well . feels nice on the lips . very good quality for the price .
hate this mascara it was horrible and clumpy ugh i through it out straight away . horrible stay away ! ! and hard to wash off as well .
jbco protein conditioner came on time , good service . it does not have a great smell but i apply it to my scalp every night .
i use this at night on my irish skin , and it really does help with redness flare ups . i like their healing cream as well
does what it is supposed to . i am seriously loving me some babyface ! i will reorder again and again . shipped on time .
it really dried up my oily skin . it didnt touch my scars but it did remove the oil that causes breakouts .
very pretty color - only 2 apps needed . i love this brand - easy to apply and lasts about 8 days .
it was so difficult to open i had to send it back - i found one that works fine and is easy
this fragrance smells a little like coolwater . it doesn't last as long as i would like but it cme in rapid time and wasn't bad
sooo good i absolutely love this , it feels so good on your skin it's blends the foundation so good , perfect finish flawless i love it .
this was a great price and works really well . i got just what i expected !
excellent presentation , nice colors and works as i expected . good thing to buy . works better than a normal brush for high volume
when i received them , they could of brought more quantity but they are beautiful and vibrant colors , i wish they brought more inside
chap stick and lipstick in one . the color is very vibrant and it looks great . worth it for the money !
this dryer cuts my dry time in half . it is a little bulky but that's not a problem for me . can't beat the price either ! :)
i like the color and the feel of it i just wish it stayed on longer.not bad for the money .
love all the polishes that came in the set . i didn't get any doubles and that's a plus . i would order this product again .
its a nice size and a nice value compared to the many options out there . my girlfriend has one and recommended it to me .
easy to use and these go great with the shany nail art image plate holder ! i am a shany lover for life ! !
this is a great , light-weight leave-in conditioner that leaves my hair soft and silky . i highly recommend it and will purchase it again !
when i got the item it wasn't pastel colors like the pictures . i had bought these because of the colors on the photos .
i've been using for almost a week and my skin is so smooth . it goes on great under makeup with making my face feel oily .
some review said the smell is awful but i find it delightful . since it's milky so no harsh rubbing but medium exfoliating result
great eyeliner . lasts all day and goes on super smooth . love it and would highly recommend it . i love nyx cosmetics .
color is okay not exactly what i was expecting and i have found that the color seems to wear on the ends of the nail
this is a very nice daytime moisturizer as it has the spf 30 . it absorbs very easily , not greasy . it is just enough for daytime .
i bought this parfum spray for my sister she loves it is very good she told me that smell last more than other is true ...
great deal for the set price - awesome color combination , works well as a lipstick base , or even on its own !
dries the skin to the point you get more acne . it does nothing for your skin but make it dry and ugly . i threw away mine .
love these ! ! bows are cute and theres 5 of every color which was enough for me . they even came in early . thanks :)
i like this product . i always keep one in my bathroom because it does helps to keep acne from coming on my skin .
beautiful hair piece overall . easy to snap on and easy to snap off . blends well with black dyed hair . the length is good .
nice color , looks really awesome with crown me already used as a sparkly top coat . nice color , especially in the fall / winter .
this lipstick is nice it is a very pretty pinky-nude like everyday color , long-lasting , very matte but not over drying
love pink as advertised still have great price good quality + + + l o v e t h a n x
i bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it . revlon is a good brand and i would buy this again , .
these seem a little cheap but they get the job done and so far they have not fallen apart yet so we will see ...
great polish . this is my favorite red . it is perfect for any skin tone . lasts a long time with top coat .
love it , can't imagine ever buying anything else.the peach is greatfor fair skinned people like myself , and makes me feel beautiful .
if you want to practice nail art these are good brushes to use , not the best , but they are good for starters
purchased these two items as a set for use when shellacking my nails . both of them appear to be of great quality and were a great price !
this gerber daisy color is so fun . it isn't too bright or too light . it goes on smoothly and looks great on my toes
fast shipping . works great . and pretty much a time saver with this device to help dry nails . will buy from them again .
i have oily and acne prone skin . this is the only moisturizer that doesnt make me break out . i hope eucerin never stops making this !
i have been using this for years and it is a wonderful product goes on kind of greasy but absorbs fast and does not clog pores
i rely on this produce in between salon visits . i've used it for several years and foresee a long relationship !
not as pigmented as i would like though.nothing came broken . it looked just like it was in the picture .
i can't remember having such a wonderful experience . i haven't bought it again after my first purchase . i guess it was okay .
unless you have really curly hair .. don't buy .. i have slightly wavy hair and it didn't do anything for me :( boo
i've been using this brand of mascara for years . sometimes branch out and try others , but this is the best .
this cream is amazing and i can already see diminishing lines . it feels great on the skin and not too heavy .
one of the best fragrances on the market for men . i continue to get compliments . the smell lasts for hours . fast delivery . i'll order again .
i have an eye pencil that i could not find a sharpener for until now ! works great ! love it ! a must for chunky pencils
great facial and hand moisturizer . great for extremely sensitive skin . improved the look of my skin very quickly . i use this as a makeup primer too .
this is a gentle , mild facial cleanser which doesn't dry my techy skin . like most neutrogena cleansers , it's a quality product , reasonably priced .
none of the plates are deep enough to hold paint and stamp . waisted my money on this one , don't buy this product
i have used this product a few times with good results . i think i prefer the dream matte mousse foundation slightly more .
one of my favorite facial cleansers . does a fantastic job , doesn't irritate my sensitive skin or eyes . olay does a great job .
this product does not smooth out well so it looks streaky when applied . also the colors are too bright and look street walkerish
this is absolutely gorgeous . i am in love with this beautiful glitter polish ! it contains glitter pieces of varying sizes .
the top is kind of big on me . but it feels amazing and looks great ! the green looks more fake than the rest of the colors .
this color has and amazing formula and color payoff , the formula is great and i have absolutely no complaints at all
this product exceptionally very good and is just as good as skinceuticals for less the price . a must in your beauty regiment !
may be i chose the wrong one . it is not my skin color and i feel really not comfortable when it is on my face .
umm i mean for $ 3 what did i expect ? it really just doesn't cover anything like i'm so disappointed . very
came on time.at first i had a hard time cutting my nail but by they second use , i got it down pack .
product came on time and was packaged nicely =) i really like to use these combs when i get out of the shower . they are made very well
starts off just slightly greasy , but once absorbed is a perfect healing lotion for my hands . i prefer this to many more expensive selections .
this is my new fav as i wanted something special and this cream is it buy this we all use it .
i've purchased these in different sizes and corseness and each one is made to last and does the job very well !
this is such a great valuecute designs looks like done by a professionail love it great buff nails first for great results
it smells good , suds and cleans well , cheap , and what more , it has diamond powder ! what more could we ask for ?
love this shower brush . my hair and scalp feel so much cleaner and it really helps to cut down on dandruff issues .
cleared up about 80 % of my minor back acne . i would buy it again . not strong enough for my husband's cystic back acne .
perfect longer the color it isn't too red but just right and lightweight . i would order again for the price
it makes my skin dry . my nose started peeling and i suspected it's because of this . also it doesn't appear to reduce blackhead .
i'm starting this product today to consider its usefulness . i'll report back in a few days to let you know if it works .
i love the concealer colors and they have a great consistency ! they are very blendable and is a great product !
this thing comes in handy and helped clear off my vanity . easy to reach and holds my conair pro ion dryer without a problem . highly recommended
this looks so good over white polished nails ... its a definite recommend on this little jewel of a bottle of sparkle
but i can't wait to try it out once i get bangs again , which it why i bought them . i'll update later !
if you have sensitive skin , this is the best sunscreen for your face . it won't cause breakouts and the zinc oxide provides great protection .
love the mi could go full out dramatic , or girl next door . they didn't seem like they were human hair but the pulled the look off.lol . kisses
i bought these and have to say the price was great but gave up trying to do my own nails . but will say the brushes are of good quality
i love these brushes they took awhile to come but when they did love them their soft pretty haven't used them yet but i'm sure the work great
i love the print and it hold a lot of my makeup , my friends all love the case and ordered one .
this is too thick , really . it dries down ok , and i will use it up . but , sephora makes one that is better .
i love this product . it is a very good price . and it works very well . would buy it again . good ,
i think on christmas this aroma would be the best , but i had it last night on my bedroom and it was just wonderful .
well made . easy to clean and use . the folding feature protects the teeth from damage . great feature .
i've used it before , this is my second time to purchase it . it's good on my combination skin . smell is good as well .
very moisturing . one just needs the patience to sit still with a globby cold mask on one's face . worth the effort tho ' .
this provides great coverage for problem areas . only con is it can rub off easily . i have been using this for years .
this is cruelty free and organic . feels great on my skin . i wear it instead of foundation for a natural glow . it covers well .
this primer makes ur eyshadow pop its really nice goes on nice and smooth and oh its a lil shimmery but i love this primer .
i used to purchase from discount sites but ended up getting " testers " and did not trust the quality . this purchase was amazing !
smells great , but does not get as dark as i hoped . would work best on someone fair skinned , which i am not .
this set is great for the price . the brushes are small but they are very good and great for travel .
very nice texture , no smell , feels good.my skin looks great but i haven't remembered to apply this cream every day ...
this serum works so well on my skin . i highly recommend this product for anyone who has fine lines or would like to prevent them .
i love dermalogica . this multivitamin power firm is great . it goes on smooth and makes your skin feel soft and look beautiful .
i would buy from this seller again , & encourage anyone not to hesitate from buying from this seller . they are wonderful in every way !
can use this in so many different ways to dress up nails and have something different . great product for dressing up nails .
best dry shampoo on the market , its so hard to find which is a shame cause it is the best one !
not as large as i thought it would be but it will do , what more can you ask for for the price
these work pretty well and are a great alternative to higher-priced counterparts . they get the job dome with minimal droppage and i will buy again .
really like this . i order it over and over . one of the best hair products i have tried . leaves your hair so soft .
doesn't make my skin feel quite like i thought it would--very soft and supple and smelling all coconutty but it latherswell .
i love this deep conditioner it brought life back to my hair . i cannot wait to recommend it to all my friends
this is a very beautiful color , i love the nyx formula ! its a medium pale pink with shimmer . and very pigmented
tiny tiny tiny and with about 10 things in each section not worth even a dollar , pathetic , awful cheap terrible horrible crap
looks like a galaxy on your nail . gold color that turns rainbow in diffrent light . very fine pieces of glitter .
so glad to find a pump bottle of this for the shower . very convenient and of course it works great in the dry winter air .
i love this mascara its amazing it makes my lashes look longer and i love the brush and it doesin't make your eyelashes look clumpy .
got what i wanted and will use to make lotion bars . it came packed in a black to go box but nicley taped up .
it gives a good micro dermabrasion . you can really feel it working , leaves skin really smooth . i would purchase again
product blends in well . and does not leave a white overcast . it is light weight and not greasy like some sunscreens !
i put this on every day before foundation . it goes on nicely and does not irritate my skin . i like it . gotta have that spf !
this treatment combined with the dumb blonde rehab shampoo and conditioner ( damage level 3 ) works wonders and save your hair ! ! ! i absolutely recommend it .
no matter how carefully applied . luxury brand eye makeup removers are more effective and worth itin the long run . use less , gentle on eyes .
it's not as a handy device as expected . so be aware , and better not buy it . i won't order it again .
i gave this polish 4 stars because i haven't seen what it looks like on . it looks good in the bottle though .
do not be fooled by this picture , it is not what you will receive . keep your money , repeat keep your money
i love the color . it looks different online ( i thought it would be more pink ) , still it is a nice pack
it you have medium to long hair this is the brush to blow dry your hair , ! you will finish fast ! !
i love this product . leaves my hair and skin silky soft :-) goodbye dry skin and dry hair . i would recommend this product
received the 6 pairs as purchased and the the lashed look good . waiting on a good occasion to wear them and not waste them !
don't even waste your money on any more expensive little concealer brushes , wands , tubes or junk . this is the only thing you'll ever need .
seriously this shampoo works like a clairifying one ; it will completely strip your hair of moisture and leave it feeling like straw . stay away from this product !
this has a light but great scent , easy to use , my kids just go through it too fast ! at least i know they're using it . :)
lovely shade of green , not too bright and not too dark . goes on easily and stays put . blends well too .
it really helped to remove the redness from my blond coloration . however it is not permanent , you need to do it every 2 weeks or so .
i love how this treats my skin but the smell is so extremely strong . i can't wear this to work .
it worked . didn't flake . recommended by my sister's friend.would recommend to anyone . a bit expensive than the other edge controls but this one worked great .
it's a muted soft green . it's not a bright color and i get complements on it everytime i wear it .
this pencil is so creamy and pigmented and goes on so smoothly . i seriously am in love with this pencil !
i love how this makes my hair feel clean and still moisturized . after using the conditioner my hair is so soft . this is my new favorite shampoo .
l'oreal paris kids 2 - in - 1 shampoo / extra conditioning , cherry almond , ... great for my daughters hair ! helps with all of those nasty tangles
used only 2x b / c of the pain . guess i've got to set my mind to using it 2 c the outcome .
so cute ! these little crowns are well made , and exactly as pictured . i ordered 2 sets , so should last me awhile .
very nice product . concentrated so you only need use a little . makes me think of spring time and new growth . would certainly purchase again ,
i love this shellac more than gel polish , and it really does come off with no damage to your nails
very soft , works really well for blusher or face powder . design is very nice , easy to handle , i would recommend .
this does the job and then some . great dupe for other brand name brushes . i use it daily and love it !
this primer is nice but doesnt seem to be white enought to help and make my colors pop . i would not buy again
only gave the towel 4 stars because of the size.love the towel ... just a little small for my liking.does go nicely with the set .
wow . this is like super hold hairspray for eyebrows . once you apply it , nothing is budging . it will last even while you swim .
the face is perfect . the head shape is perfect for any wig you may have . the foam head is sturdy and very well made .
the price and quality of these forms was a surprise . i have seen the same product in a store for quite a bit more . they work beautifully !
i really like this primer a lot ! really smooth on my skin and seems to add a bit of hydration ..
great high heat ! heats up fast . my curls stayed in . i would use product to help then form . highly recommendable .
this came a little gritty . i didn't like that . but all in all , it came quickly and it worked nicely .
this is a really pretty color . i have to put about 2 coats on , but it makes your nails look really pretty .
dont care for this one as much as her fancy love , that's why i got this one to try it out . i wll pass on this one .
these help me to put decals on my nails and make my nails look professionally done . i love playing with the different pens .
this is perfect i have light tan skin and it gives me such a peachy glow and a little goes a long way love this blush
best ranslucent powder that i have ever bought , goes on smooth and covers up all the bad spots ! helps my makeup stay put all day
just like the tools that the nail technician uses in the nail salon . very good for people who love doing her own nails
i love essie nail polish because it's free of harmful chemicals . this clear coat works as well as any others .
try this line for 2 months nigh and day line did not see any changes also it cost to much money an is no good
these nail gems are great . you can make all kinds of designs . great case that keeps them in place . fast shipping .
i can't believe that they come out with this wonderful product of vaseline in a spray . i do recommend this . i love it ! !
i like this very much but it is very hard to think of it when you put it on your eyes .
this is what i use the majority of the time . i have ridges in my fingernails and it quickly solves that problem .
it was cute but it was ok i wasn't about the color . but what ever they were cheap . i guess they were worth it
i've only used one of these so far but so far , so good . i love exfoliating in the shower and these hold the shower gel very well
boo . i swear i only got 3 of one of the shades of blue . of well it was super cheap .
i love this brush ! it can handle anything and cleans easily with white vinegar , peroxide and dawn . i'd highly recommend for anyone who uses a brush daily
i like this products everything so easy to use it . i wish it come with a case to carry it .
i really appreciate this product as well as others in the mrs . meyers line . effective and environmentally sound . smells great too !
i love wen period . and this does a nice job for a mask . very nourishing
this is a great color and i love gelish , but this shade goes on very thin and seems more runny then most gelish polish .
i will buy this again on amazon when i run out . unscented , creamy and rinses off completely . a reasonable price for 3 bars .
i buy these all the time for work . they hold up fairly well and have always worked for me . will continue to buy
got it earlier than estimated date.works great . makes my nails look really nice . happy with my purchase . would buy again .
this cologne is very nice . great packaging , and lasting effect.unlike some dispensers , this one works very well and lasts many hours
this stuff was processed . it smelled somewhat sterile . i was not a fan .
i use these so much when doing nail art . there are so many different sizes ... the possibilities for designs are endless lolthey are of great quality .
great heat protectant ! definitely keeps my ends from being fried and my stylist has noticed a change as well so i know the product works .
i wore this at a theme party and everyone wanted to know where i got it . i gave it to my niece and she wears it every day .
perfect for my wavy hair , has plenty of power , great price . glad i bought it .
this is a perfect color of plum ! the polish goes on very smooth and even . it's going to become my new favorite !
nice usual witch hazel product and this alcohol-free toner is a kind and goes smooth on my skin . i like it .
this mat works great soaks up the water is the right size and is very easy to clean i would recommend this .
solid under eye concealer , creamy , does not results in creases , long lasting , nice to use on other blemishes as well.nice product thank you .
best shampoo and conditioner you will ever buy and well worth the money . product is selling for twice the amount in hair salons .
i love these brushes . i own three of them . my daughters like them because they don't tear their hair out .
great for tying down hair at night - helps to keep my hair from breaking but it doesn't make my head too hot .
did not like this product , it did not work for me . i would not recommend this product to any one
i love using natural products . or , as natural as i can get without sacrificing quality . great product . smells nice , gets the jobs done .
i can't see a different on my skin . it's small too.finish fast . i didn't like the color neither the size .
can't live without it ! makes my face sooooo smoth and clean , my husband loves it too i had to get him some for him .
just get this ! the polish is very smooth and you really do see a lot of color . i highly recommend this for your collection .
did not work at all . returned . i was disappointed , and purchased a smaller , home type file for a beginner like me to use .
i choose it to countour the facealso sleek it is a wounderful brandthe color match my skinthanx for the buyer
i have been wearing this for years and i have been getting compliments on it since day one . this and egyptian goddess are my two favorite perfume aromas .
i would recommend.great plates , nice designs.no problem with designs transferring.packaged very well . cute little reusable box.very pleased .
its extremely sharp which is what i love in a cuticle device ! very easy to use with a great grip handle .
very pretty unusual color , i would order again . came early in good shape.it has a purple and pinkish tint to it .
i use this shampoo in my bath and use it twice a week and it is perfect for use it
i am returning the item without the battery inside.speedy delivery though.love the blinc eyelash mascara for when i go to the chiro and have to lay down onmy face .
this product is great . it is wonderful for your skin . i will order again . thanks . i was amazed when i saw the size .
i liked the color and having sunscreen in one product . it had more perfume than i care for so i won't buy it again .
if you color you hair those brushes are great to use and clean up is easy . i love it you would too
terrific product , washes well in the washing machine . i am going to order more !
this is one of my favorite perfumes . i find it kind of musky but in a good way . i have received many compliments on the fragrance .
lots of stones , lots of possibilities . a great , quality product for the price . the tweezers are very handy and help out a lot with placement .
it is yummy , smelly , beautiful and so gorgeous , i just love it ! ! ! i have no more words for this , simply lovely
this product works great , leaves my skin feeling very smooth . it is expensive though . a little goes a long way .
i love this shampoo , it detangles even before you use the condition . hard to fnd in local stores , great product .
love the prodcut and it goes a very long ways . it makes your hair shine and feel so soft and smooth .
the cream is excellent , but you cannot use a lot of it . only use a small amount and it does reverse the sign of wrinkles .
been using groganics for about 6 weeks and my hair is getting thicker . be careful , it will burn your eyes . will continue to use .
i bought this for my niece as a little pick me up for the winter blues . she loves the color and the sparkles !
i love the color of this polish . it reminds me of summer and the ocean . opaque and good quality . love .
great product that leaves my oily skin clean and breakout-free . also love how it is natural , vegan , without any weird chemicals .
i can tell i like the gems but i have yet to be able to open them , it is so hard ! !
it smells like gap heaven , very nice . beautiful color and scent ! can't wait to try curve crush when i'm done with this one .
love the files - - they work really great & it's nice that they each come with their own slip cover . highly recommend !
product made my hair curly and not stiff like other hair products . it arrived on time . and , it is very well packaged .
not sure i can tell if it helps my back pain ( i usually take baths once in a while ) but packaging and everything is good .
really didn't see a difference at first and am now just starting to see some growth and not too much loss , don't know if i'll re-order .
very easy to use . did mine and my daughters nails , already half paid for uv light itself . hope to save tons doing them myself !
quite impressive , especially at this price . it has holding power as well . i would buy it again . perfect as an inexpensive gift .
i would use this forever on my nails . the best nail care product i've ever had ! it is truly nail magic .
it works as well as my normal nail liquid . cost the same and works the same . i use both and take advantage of sell on it .
great product . love the fact that it can be added to my subscribe and save order and less shopping i have to do elsewhere .
beautiful calm and yet refreshing scent . lovely packaging , bottle looks fab . in matching bathroom colors . i recommend this product to buy for the home .
i love that it's sulfate-free , that it's thick and works well , it does give me a good volume . great by ! i will definitely buy again !
i use frequently neutrogena for facial cream and hair product . they are cheap but effecicient to keep the skin moistirized .
... but not great . was expecting it to be sulfate free . anyhow , i am using it up then i'll order something sulfate free .
nothing works for my dry hands and legs except this . it smells like walking past a bed of real roses .
as i don't really know how to apply these eyelashes without the proper tools , i must say that i must wait to utilize themand then write the review.renee evers
this one is great soft smell and very clean smelling long lasting smell and it is one of the great smells they have .
i ordered this to repair my nails in between visits to the salon . wow , much nicer than i would have thought , and works wonderfully . thanks !
i used this and not only does it put moisture back into the skin but also makes it feel clean and fresh .
this is one of my favorite lip glosses . hydrates and leaves a nice gloss . just makes me happy to use it !
very moisturizing and great protection against the elements at a reasonable price . i have sensitive skin that irritates easily and this has always been kind to it .
i love the way it looks . its very bright and stands out but in a good way . i like when people comment on my nails .
this color seems accurate to the sample shown here . i love this happy color . it is a very bright pink .
beautifulvery wonderful and easy integration and attractive colorssuitable for day and evening , and high-qualityi advise all women to use
i hi bjb kh bib khb khb khbk hbjh bkj bi bib kh bib khb khb khb kh bi b
have just started using this product . i'm not sure how it works yet . but i am hoping for the best .
i usually use clinique take the day off which is amazing this product is just oil and water and alcohol dont even remove regualr mascarra
amazing product ! ! ! love it , leaves hair soft , silky , shinny and straight .
i love this eye shadow palette . there's such a variety of amazing neutral colors in both shimmer and matte finishes . definitely happy with my purchase !
cheap and thickly styled . can hardly use these tools and the angle on the snippers won't clip my cuticles . they are not precise instruments .
this shampoo works very well . it leaves your hair shining , soft and no frizz . it smells great and the conditioners works very well also !
i don't like the scent as much but it feels nice and smooth and soothing on my face . i would recommend this product .
i love this organizer ! it keeps all my things in my purse in there place and i don't have to pull every thing out to find something .
leaves a nice minty tinging feeling on the skin . is great for acne-prone skin as it doesn't make me break out from using the product directly .
like almost all revlon products , excellent quality , nice colour even for the older ladies amongst usthank you very much
it left a white film on my hair and when it took a long time to dry and did not curl my coils .
this case is so much bigger on the inside there is so much room to put all of your makeup inside it's great !
i use it as a concealer and it works , hiddens the eye blemish very well . i use it for years , and hidrate very well too
great for small jobs ! no time for salon wax , buy one . it last a long time . facial wax smells good .. no fumes .
i wanted something different to put in my hair . this was just the thing ! i would recommend this to teenagers too .
while an ok product , it doesn't really lengthen or smooth curls . i'm not crazy about the fabric softener smell , either .
i love love love this sauna . it is very relaxing w / some tranquil music playing before you wash / moisturize your face . thanks
actually it's good , but just like a regular shampoo ... don't see any differences between regular shampoo and this itemand it smells really bad
wonderful nighttime moisturizer . not greasy . absorbs easily and leaves skin soft and smooth . very happy with the results from use .
i love this stuff , favorite facial moisturizer hands down . it doesn't leave my face feeling oily at all . a little goes a longggg way .
it's a beautiful color , i got a lot of compliments ! but it peeled off fast for me . still a good polish , will use again .
removes all your eye makeup with out drying out your eye area or making it sensitive . quick , easy and didn't have a horrible smell to me .
if you wear lashes and haven't tried these you must . i promise you'll love them . natural looking and easy to apply .
i would highly recommend this product for painting small nail lines . it works great . a nice add to any nail basket .
it makes your hair really smooth after the shower and it does help your hair grow faster i ve noticed my hair growing longer .
didnt get as dark as thought hubby was relieved especally because of the name i wasnt all that happy but i did get a little darker
my granddaughter loved all the colors and sizes of the rhinestones to glue to her nails . she is a gymnast so she likes to be flashy .
haven't really tried it so much but i'm definitely going to use it in the future and make a better view of it
theyre exactly what is shown in the pic . some got mixed up in the other slots but thats no ones fault . thank you !
the first few days i was able to see the difference . my face looks and feels a little more firm .
i love this nail polish color so much ! ! the color in the bottle doesn't do it justice . it's gorgeous on the nails ! !
i heard that orange nail polish is this summers color . and they were right . it even looks good on my pale hands .
el producto es bueno , aunque personalmente no me gusta el raspador , es metálico y me da la impresión de que raya las placas , prefiero el plastico
i love nars products . love the quaility . this one just arrived today and in one piece :) thank you so much ! a + + +
awesome , awesome , awesome product . worth your time and money . brings fullness and life back to your hair just be careful not to use too much .
i love my beauty blender . they work really good . i love its price also . i use them daily all the time to apply my makeup .
this makes my face feel and look great and protects it from the sun burn while swimming in the ocean .
just started using it and it seems to work . i notice less oil on my skin and it looks a little clearer .
gray product shipped fast and was better than i expected it goes well with my skin and gives me a great finish
i love using this product it helps to untangle and soften my hair . the moisture mask has a lovely smell and can also be used for heat treatments .
this is the perfect item . it came in fairly quickly and is super pretty . i like it a whole lot !
i was recommended to use dove by my dermatologist . it is the least abrasive body soap . it arrived on time .
it did not seem to show that much of a difference with my hair and i used it as stated ...
this a very nice cleanser it is very gritty to get the deep down dirt your left feeling clean and smooth
works great on everyones hair , even snarly . love this comb and even getting through my daughters long hair leaving it smooth .
it clears blackheads and leaves your skin extremely clean . but when you pour it out , beware it would get allover the place .
this came in a lavendar colored bottle , which makes me wonder whether i received what i ordered . but it seems to work okay .
shellac is the best brand of gel nail color on the market . this top coat self levels & stays shiny for 3 weeks .
i am head over heels about this product ! makes hair stronger , detangles and smells absolutely wonderful ! :) two pony-tails up .
i live in the desert and one application of this product softens and moiturises my extremely hands wonderfully . i would highly recommend this product .
awesome use them all the time , a nail arists favorite tool , if you do nails you should get a set
these hold my hair out of my face very well . i am so happy that i found these ! i love them !
this is a great accessory for both long and short hair . love it .
the pink shatter is not as hot pink and solid as i imagined . actually the color is like peach blossoms ... i like it .
i ordered this item for my hair edges and it really works . i would definately order this again if need .
good product . if you want to put the whole head of hair up , you will need the large updo barette .
this product smells awful and i am huge perricone fan ! it doesn't do anything great and has a lingering fishy odor , strong enough to make you gag .
got the product i wanted ! although it took awhile to get i was aware of that ! came in a cushioned bag !
love this product ! ! it helps , face feels better after using it ! love derma roller , happy with it ! worth it !
these are really nice to have around for doing your nail or painting on canvas . they don't work with all polish but it's trial & error .
i don't have monster truckasaurus hands or anything , and these literally disintegrated the very first time i tried to use them . complete waste of money .
good product and has yet to break from use can't complain with the price i paid i expected them to break already and they have not
a little bit drying , but that is expected for acne-clearing soaps . will recommend it to anyone looking to clear body acne .
i have been using this shampoo for the last year and find it very good , leaves my hair smelling fresh and healthy
i only buy the best for her.and she wants me to buy her more . i even bought her a second bottle .
darker than i thought , but very glittery . shimmers in light . take 1-2 coats to get full effect , but very simple .
got for niece she loved trying to get it several times but she did , now she wears almost daily . great for price
my hair hates shea butter but i now mix this with my cocco body butter mixture because i don't want to waste my money
i got this for my hubby , he loves it and i do too . for the price , this will definitely be a staple of his .
every woman that does up-dos must have these as part of their hair-care cabinet ! keep those short hairs hiding so your up-do looks perfect !
great for eyebrows very happy . brushes are very useful , wax could be better , but still cheaper than most eyebrow kits and works great
nice lipstick with a lovely nude tone that doesn't wash me out . good balance for stronger eye makeup . give this product a try !
i was looking for a nice summer red polish , not too dark . this one worked well and , of course is quality that is consistent with opi .
just like the moroccanoil brand but at 1/2 of the price . love the gigantic bottles . easy to sit in the shower and easy to use .
this moisturizer makes my skin so soft and with the added benefit of a " tan " makes it even better ... much better than jergens
great for the natural look . looks clean and fresh . perfect for shorter nails or just to put on top of natural nails .
way way to oily but does remove makeup even stubborn eyeliner pretty much feels like baby oil on a wipe
the nail polish is really pretty , but it definitely is a little flaky and requires 1-2 coats of topcoat . otherwise , the color is really pretty .
i prefer the metal files over emery boards . this is great and just the right size to keep in my purse .
i like this mask a lot because it smells yummy ! and it works well to clean the pores . i would for sure get this again .
yes its exactly what it is , a cuticle pusher . i use this to move my cuticle and also to remove my gel from my nails .
tried many products but this does good job over time and does look real wash hands quickly or they stain
same great product as in bottle . only downfall is that you need a paperclip to keep it closed to save . truly wish they would redisign the packaging .
the shany cosmetics female styrofoam head , 12 inches , 4 ounce is good for holding my wigs.it ' s good quality . i love using it .
like it a lot , will keep using it . i see a difference . may go ahead and buy the facial cream as well .
i got the product in good condition . product as described . doesn't dry the surrounding skin . it's ok for it's price .
this probiotic did not work for me unfortunately . hopefully others will have luck with it . everyone's body is different . goodluck .
great price especailly for a young lady who is just learning on how to put make up on cant go wrong with the color and price
my hair has changed significantly and it shines like never before . plus it has a great smell to it that is very addictive . i love this product .
i wouldn't say it's the greatest , but in a pinch - it's okay . i think i'll try another brand later .
i had one of these before , but i misplaced it so i got another . i like konad products , they are fun to work with .
these are great brushes for eye shadow , and smoothing out your makeup . different size brushes for different brushing around the eye .
i use a lot of products on my hair and this shampoo is great to strip all the products out .
not too pink , not too mauve . feels good on skin and goes on easily . you will need to buy a brush . happy with this purchase .
used the ardell brow and lash growth accelerator for approxmately a couple of months but it did not seem to work for me .
this product works very well , i do my own nails as a hobby and the binder definitely comes in handy .
this was good lotion but nothing remarkable . i liked the scent . the price is what i liked the best . better than found other places .
i love this foundation - it adds another layer to my harmony gelish products and really helps keep my nails growing and strong .
my face has never gotten burned or turned pink while using this sunscreen ! it blends in well with my skin , and it fits nicely under foundation
was expecting something else entirely different but was pleasantly surprised by the hair clip that was on the piece itself .
just this ciate is real good nail , and this color is prettyjust this ciate is real good nail , and this color is pretty
really great easy to handle unit to care for your nails at home . comes with all attachments needed without a high price tag .
this is a very good eye shadow quad especially for the price its very pretty i love it ! !
my new favorite oil ! i use it for my hair . i mix it in all of my products . extremely moisturizing holy grail item .
lovelovelove this perfume . smells so clean , like i just got out of the shower ! such a good product for a very low price ! highly recommend !
you can't beat shany's prices for quality product . i use shany every day ! i love the print of this case which still looks professional but fun !
i love it i been practicing on myself and hope to use more when i get done witb school thanks
the color is as expected . it goes on well and i'm happy with the purchase . the price is also comprable to store prices .
it seemed to work nicely - i dropped the bottle with a 3/4 of it already used - but yes i did like it and will buy it again
it came apart but i still like the makeup . it was a little messy with the lipsticks . it was hard to apply powder .
it was great . it held the image plate holders and i had no trouble and it held them down well .
excellent , beautiful for the price ! , quantity , is great small containers are easy for storage , received right away , very happy with this order
these are a joke , they are very small and the plastic if flimsy . the price was really cheep but i guess you get what you pay for .
this color is the best lipstick color ! it is perfect by itself or with lipgloss on top ! i love love it and highly recommend it !
i only liked one of the 4 tubes . the other 3 did not suit me well . for the price though , it's a good kit .
its not super pretty or fancy ... it gets the job done ... its easy to use and i find it a very good cleansing device ... i would recommend
order this for my a member of my family she loves the lipstick and the color . can't find this in stores so i plan to order her more .
it is okay and works okay . the width is little bit too wide to use effectively . it seems durable and pretty .
the coconut body wash has a great scent . it lathers up really well and leaves your skin feeling smooth and silky .
it is nice and soft so your make up goes on nicely and does not make your face look flakey .
did not like the quality of the makeup at all . do not waste your moneynot a great buy at all .
there a good price and they are so soft , only thing i didt like that the package was coming open before i even got it
i could no longer find this mascara in stores and was tickled to find it on amazon . it's my favorite because the comb separates and coats lashes fully .
amazing does what it says it does and more it helps with everyday application and it eases the whole process and assist the makeup process
love this non greasy , high sunscreen , perfect size to go through tsa carry on . lasts even though small size .
this is a great body scrub . it does not leave you super greasy like others . smelling good is a bonus .
this body wash works very well and smells great . it lasts a long time as well because you do not have to use a ton of it .
these moist wipes aren't particularly damp and don't leave any appreciable moisturizing effect behind , either . just use a damp washcloth and follow up with a little lotion .
painful . maybe i should try again after having a bottle of wine , but for now it is a box in the bathroom .
this flat iron works very well and gets my hair straight without frizz or burning . i highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good flatiron .
very good purchase , quiet and effective , quality if you are on budget . comfortable and easy to use , i will def recommend to a friend :-)
its nothing so dont waste your money its very funny colour i dnt even know until now wat the real colour it is
great for traveling ; i put hair spray in it and it works fine . i find the size fits well in my travel case . handy little gizmo .
i love this product . it's worth every penny . i highly recommend it for people who want to brighten up their eyes .
this product works great , i read the reviews and went ahead and bought it . great deal for the price . shipped fast !
awesome designs . quality material . the full nail pattern requires some patience in lining up for wider nailbeds . would order again .
i purchased this product based on the rave reviews and while it's an ok hair product , i personally haven't experienced glorious results others claim to have experienced .
these are good for kids / little girls . thats about it . plasticy looking , too large for detailed designs . pay a little more get better quality .
these are awesome little brushes for the money . they work great , don't shed , are very soft and i recommend them to anyone .
this water is exactly as described and an amazing value . i use it with witch hazel for a facial toner .
this is my go to hairspray . i do a lot of research before i buy and i was not dissappointed . smells pretty good and holds well
it is small and very portable . the only thing i would change is the medium rollers . the medium rollers should be replaced by large rollers .
it was a gift for a young boy and i felt the packaging was very nice and also the scent was very pleasant .
this is the best top coat ever . i had to purchase this package deal because i can not run out of this top coat ever .
it's really amazing compact powder , i love it it keep my skin look fresh with very nice covering and for long time !
these are the bomb diggity ! ! they work like majic / exactly what this company say it does , it does ! ! i will forever buy these .
these q tips cotton swabs with the " precision " tip are wonderful . i wasn't sure i it would make a difference or not , but it did .
i use it every day for 3 years alreadyi recomend it for all types of skins of 40 years and over
these did not even glow in the dark if you did not put it on before you left the house .
these are very pretty and dont hurt my daughters sensitive ears they are elegant and light we like them very much
smells so good =) i am definitely going repurchase this scent for many years . perfume arrived on time and was packaged nicely =)
this was a great buy . other cans this size in the store are 2 or 3 times as much . i like garnier products .
as my title says . they were ok but they were completely hard ( not soft as the picture looks ) plus they were straight and not curved .
one of the best dry shampoos . cheap ! works great at combating greasy non washed hair . i use it on my hair the days i don't bathe .
broken powder instead of the actual pallet . very disappointed about the shipping . also , too dry and powdery it doesn't stay and difficult to spread and apply .
i have sensitive skin anyway , and i'm on retin-a so i really need some gentle moisturizing . this stuff was recommended by my dermatologist and works perfectly .
this product works wonders and has caused my shedding hair to stop . i do use this item along with wild hairgrowth oil and biotin .
don't like it at all it doesn't look like feathers at all looks like baby doll hair waiste of your money will not buy it again
cleanser removes all make up , oil and dirt gently . face feels smooth and clean . toner not needed . face glows after using this cleanser .
this is a great color for a smoky eye that is not " too much . " totally appropriate to wear to work every day .
it is very good but i expected some more on results , and how fast they would show up . i like neostrata the most
pretty good price comparing to many website providers . it's working pretty well so far . recommeded for replacement of the clarisonic .
this foot file is very thin and cheaply made . it doesn't even really work . it's pretty much a waste of money .
the best exfoliating gloves ever ! i use them once a week and after my shower my skin feels 10 years younger ! so silky soft and smooth
freakin ' brilliant ! i use these at all my events ! they amazing and last all through the night without issues . huge thumbs up without issues .
this stuff does work but it's hard to keep away from skin and my skin is sensitive so it got on my skin and burnt it a little .
if you want to give this as a gift its a good one the color is fantastic and the combination too .
it made my cheeks flaky and dry . i think it is a good product but it was not suitable for my type of skin .
i love this .. it really works it takes away all the crap in your skin .. and it doesn't leave any readness .. perfect
leaves hair soft & manageable . does what it says it will do ... arrived before scheduled time . love this product line
they arrived and they are very small , and i thought they would be bigger , and more delicate but they weren't .
daughter loved these along with other tools i purchased for her nails . i also found a pouch that would hold these plus many more . great value .
pros : - non greasy - doesn't make your skin white - slightly smell but nice - high spf - you can use for face and bodycons : - expensive
i have fairly long , very thick , wavy hair . this product makes my hair very soft and keeps it from being frizzy . i absolutely love it !
get dull after you put top coat on . still trying to use them but i have to say mash ones are way better
i like this hair tool so much i purchased another one to keep in my travel case . it's the perfect , easy to use styler for my hair .
i like it , they have last all day very easy to apply , i love the wax some times i just use the wax alone .
this product is very light and quick to use . makes your skin feel very soft and smooth .
i use only mary kay timewise makeup for both moisturizer and foundation ; never oily , never dry , always just right . nothing else for me .
good product for the price there are different sizes of brushes and i love them all i even used two of them to apply eyeliner and they worked fine .
so the price just can't be beat ! i use this product everywhere in the house and i just luv the scent !
no mess to worry about after applying . drives very quickly and is the most natural tan that i have gotten from any tanning product that i have tried .
i do not like this product . may work great for others but it's really messy going on and the color is not what i expected .
awesome product came in less then a week but i got two of the same image plates i gave it to my little cousin and she loved it
i don't like the rough texture that the bits of coloured " confetti " leaves on my nails . i won't be buying this one again .
perfect tool for eye liner . works on pot powders or pot gel . makes a perfect line , just have to keep it clean .
these are some powerful top / base coats . the red is the perfect color . my gel nails stayed on for a month and still had great shine .
the brissles are rough , and the bag smells really bad , like burnt plastic ... probably send it back ... real soon , but thanks
great product . i use this for my hair along with other aroma therapy oils and i am happy with the product .
i haven't used many of these plates yet , but what i have , i've been real happy with . definitely would recommend .
i hate this comb . the teeth are not good enough to use on your hair . it does not have argan oil at all .
i tried following what i seen on you tube but it did not work for me need to learn how to use it
i have not got it yet and looks like to much fun and so look forward to useing it in my new makeup trunk .
this is a great brush set . i haven't experienced any shedding and the brushes are keeping their shape . theres a brush for everything !
these brushes are so overrated . i bought this package mostly for the blush brush , it's awful and does not apply blush how it should .
by the time i towel dry , the scent is gone . will probably try another scent next time . probably would not recommend it .
love this color <3 goes on the nail softlyno clumpsgreat colordries quickly ! will be purchasing again *
they work nicely , but the feel is just thin and light . thus i wonder how it will last but so far it has worked well .
i love this product . it makes my hair soooo manageable ! also love the gel . i use them together ... i recommend highly ! !
scam ! these silly product will just make your neck tired . i used regulary for like 3 months no improvement at all
definitely made my hair thicker and longer although i saw this product is available at walmart now so i will probably continue buying it there .
i do love this product . it is a very light pump and makes your skin soft and slightly tight . great to use under moisturizers
feels good to brush my hair with this , we all fight over this brush in the household . i guess i should just by everyone their own !
this is very good brush . it gets through to the scalp without scratching . the handle holds very well . good price
i bought this specifically to use for nail art stamping ( konad ) . the polish is thick and solid and works well for transfering the images .
this did not work for crocheting hair - too wobbly and long . bummermay be good for crocheting stuff that is not your hair
amazing effect on my skin . all the blemishes are fading and my skin is smooth , soft , and one tone !
they are " volumizing " since she has fine hair . after a month she decided that this she found that this shampoo and conditioner leaves her hair flat .
this is a great product ... lovvvvvvvveeeeee it.will buy again and recommend too my friends really great product.please keep up the quality .
olay prox takes my puffy eyes and helps them depuff . i use what is left over on my lips to moisturize them after brushing teeth and before bed .
hello this product is excellent and thank you , you accelerated access was very fast i will recommend my friends , i thank you very much
this really helps soak away all the aches and pains that i get from being on my feet all day .
these brushes are great for nail art , and for the price , they are a definite must have for your arsenal !
love the product but havnt use it yet because i will be going to school this fall to learn how to use this product
love this set . use it almost every day . perfect for the more muted tones that go well with red hair and hazel eyes
wonderful , super , marvelous scent . there is no need to say something about this cologne . i strongly recommend it to everyone .
i bought the wrong kind for my hair type . don't know how it would work if it matched my hair .
it does what it promises . my skin is glowing and youthful looking . i loved it so much i bought 2 more bottles !
would recommend for anyone , great smell price , and was packaged right this time . get it if you like taking care of you hair .
wasn't a big fan of this , i like the donut bun better much easier & more put together .
this is too pigmented . it corrects the redness well , and i top it with yellow concealor , but the green shows through . it looks alien-ish .
this set is the second one ive purchased . ive used olay products for years and will continue to be a buyer of this kit .
maybelline has great products , these shadows also the color is as it looks in the picture is very smooth and the brush is very helpful for makeup
nautica voyage for men by nautica eau de toilette spraynautica voyage for men by nautica eau de toilette spraynautica voyage for men by nautica eau de toilette spray
its shave gel . it works . its a little thinner lather than other shave gels but it gets the job done . i like the fragrance .
this plate is awesome but konad plates are way overpriced . they are so expensive for one plate ! awsome but overpriced
this is super cheap really great soap . love it ! eleven more words are required so i am typing some more .
love this color , love the color whisper line in general - very nice color , doesn't dry my lips out !
they are uneven and its hard to cut them when they are uneven ... not good
this product is very beauty no the nail you can use with acrylic gel or nail polish . i like it
love this product . it hepls to make my ees look brighter and less tired . it really is worth the money .
i felt that a dotting technique worked the most just dot it in the places you want fixed and take your finger and just pat it
love this and smells amazing a bust buy ! and its a huge bottle worth the money ! go get you some !
i love this item . it makes me feel very good as a night cream . i will keep buying to see a better result of my skin .
they work just perfectly with the conair compact styling setter , and it's much easier than the original clips that come with it . worth it for sure .
i bought this for my husband . it's a good dandruff shampoo and he likes the scent . good product for the price , and it works .
hated the scent ! gave it away and went back to the original one , and now i love it again :)
sigma also makes great brushes and have a few of there brushes and they are quality brushes they are soft and also have had no shedding on them .
thank you , i love this and when i run out i will be buying again . thank you very much a + .
my mother got this for my grandmother and as far as we know my grandmother uses it instead of a handheld dryer every time she puts curlers in .
really like this creamy like powder foundation . i use this as a highlight under my eyes and in my t zone .
i like them , less expensive and do the job . i plan to keep buying more in the future . i ' happy with my purchase
so far , so good . :) i have only used it a handful of times but it is very nice , and it wasn't very expensive !
very cute ! however , hair may get caught between the loops . it does stay in place . but not worth more than a $ 1
but for nine dollars , i surmise i was incorrect to expect more.it will work for those who don't require a plethora of effective .
did not work for me . i have used this several times and it probably worked minimally but it did not help or stopped the acne at all .
great product . the metal part did come out of the plastic part but it was pretty easy to put back in and super glue .
this is the only last glue i use . i highly recommend it , also i got it a lot faster than i was expediting ! score !
got this as a stocking stuff for my wife at christmas . she likes it and uses it frequently . it has a nice , pleasant smell .
sensitive skin is a problem . this product works well with no bad reactions . it has a faint smell , but that lessened after a couple weeks
very good price for this product , works great . if you have stretch marks , scars or deep wrinkles , makes them less noticeable .
i have been using this product for a month now . i don't see any difference in my skin tone . the product has a very pleasant scent .
i purchased this for my grand children and they are teenager's so i think they will like it and i liked the price !
i love real techniques brushes , i have several of them . for the price point they are unbeatable . i have even given them as gifts .
i love this facial sponge . it helps to clean my face very well and feels like i'm getting a facial massage when i use it !
i found this polish much darker than pictured . it shipped immediately but i would not recommend it . chipped very easily .
i love real techniques after this brush ! its great for all , i use for powder , contour face , for blush ! great brush for face
the price was great and the product is amazing . nothing makes a customer feel better than getting a great product for a great price .
try beyond zone noodle head or got 2 b smooth operator , i think they work best to manage curls.this was an ok product .
i love having the brush covered when not in use . the bristles are soft and do not come away when using . a quality brush .
part of the black handle was chipped off . i wanted to give this as a gift but couldn't because of it .
leaves your skin so soft ! smells great too ! i use it all over and then apply the ruby tingle to my arms and legs only .
i love that you have 2 items in one , you can use the liquid liner on upper lash line and the pencil on lower works wonderful !
i like this product , it feeds my color treated relaxed hair and leaves it feeling soft .
it's light and perfect for summer . much cheaper here than at target , and it's available in the larger size , which is a better deal .
i haven't used the brushes yet but this is what i wanted for detailing and i will try them out this weekend
i use it for my hair , lips , nails , heel of foot , elbows , and knees . very nice product , not oily , soften and moisturizes
this eyeliner is very smooth and very creamy , very black and will last you a long time . my only issue is that is fades really quickly
i'm notorious for smudging my nails right after i paint them , i'm so impatient . a spritz of this and my nails dry much faster .
i loved the smell of the one by dolce & gabbana . i would definitely purchase this product again and recommend it to others .
this is very pretty , but a bit larger then i expected . it is great for when i twist my hair up .
i love this comb . its huge . doesn't pull my hair . great for people with curly hair . i am glad i purchased it .
you will get super dark using this ! its nice because it doesn't smell like tanning it smells like yummy bubble gum not nasty bubble gum !
what a difference this product makes . i honestly didn't think i needed it ... but i am so pleased with the way it makes my nail polish look .
this oil has sweeten and soften my skin and its great on my hair ... i am going to continue to use this product ..
nice natural ingredients however , i found it did nothing for my dark circles and was a bit greasy for me ...
this is a really good waver that gives you mermaid waves . the only problem is that it does burn your hair overtime . it should have ceramic .
this african shea oil keeps my hair so soft and moist . it even gives it a shine when using it .
i use this product weekly and it leaves my hair feeling very smooth and light . i love it and would recommend it to anyone .
i use this once in a while when my itchy scalp starts to build up . one use takes care of the itching and build up for a while .
when i got this i got glue remover instead and i had to pay like 10 dollars for everything to ship it back for a refund of like 6 dollars
this soap is working well so far . i haven't built up an immunity to it like other reviewers , but i only use it 3 times a week .
ordered caffeine pills . got them , opened them up , and guess what - caffeine pills ! i suppose that warrants 5 stars
this is the perfect blending brush , high quality , bristles are soft , would definitely recommend to anyone ! i use it every day ! !
so many colors so choose from , and there all so big without being so heavy ! it is such a great collection of lashes and so many sizes
my husband loves this scent and so do i . this product is authentic . the price is reasonable also . good packaging .
this color is a very deep blue with alot of depth to it . very punk rock its beautiful . would purchase again .
i have only used it a few days , but have loved all the other products . i love the way my skin looks .
its not the best , not really sure if it really worked , it just seems like a normal base nail polish
boo they sucked ! that's all ... it's hard getting them to stay on because they are not flat . i wouldn't buy more .
i love the brush and the blade . but the scissors is kind of difficult to use . i have to be extra careful not to shave my eyebrow
it's a glass dappen dish - used for monomer . product is exactly as described - no chips or scratches . i have no complaints .
helped keep my nails from breaking . i work in the food industry and this helped to strengthen them . looked like i was wearing acrylic nails .
once again shany has done it again.like i said before great quality brushes , love the bristles they are soft but firm .
this is greatttttt product specially when used together with loreal total 5 repair shampoo and conditioner . gooood stuffff righttttt hereeeeeeeeee . go get it !
it looks so classy and pretty . easy to fill and use . i was really pleased with it and plan to order a few more .
i add this to my daily sunscreen to make it more pliable . this definitely helps to moisturize . a good price for a good product .
this is a great quality shea butter which i'm using it to mix my own body lotion and hair dressing .
this plate is cute with it's sea life theme , great for going to the beach for vacation , i like it .
last all day long . special essence that give a special mark of personality . always i purchase this product for its excellent quality .
i wear my hair pulled back . it is thin , these were huge for my thin hair . i ended up returning them
very good easy to use and it dose it job . however i didn't notice dramatic changes during the 3 weeks of use .
i bought this to improve my complexion and it really works . the price was excellent and a little goes a long way .
like this mascara , does a good job of providing volume without that heave , brittle , clumpyness . would buy again in the future .
these are the best clips ever , it hold think hair up beautifully when i do haircuts at my salon .. highly recommend ! ! :)
not the pink like on picture.it is absolutely clear with just a little hint of pink . i use it for french on my toes so its ok ...
cut the hair to give it a different look ... still haven't worn it out buh i love it
great bronzer with a nice scent . does not stain clothes . a lot cheaper on line than in the salon . would recommend .
love this mascara - can't find it anywhere else . makes lashes look full and lush , yet doesn't clump - removes easily . would recommend it to everyone !
by the time you finish this bottle , your skin is looking much younger and healthier ! i can see on my skin ! !
like the product fine so far . time will tell in regards to results in regards to the strengthening of my nail .
for the amount i get this is better priced than any thing cheap i can get at walmart . the quality is premium and it works really well .
i purchased this to make a hair spray . i added 2 tbls to 8 oz of water and it keeps my hair hydrated and moisturized ! !
awesome product i loved how fast it to the brassiness out of my hair and the ease it was to use the scent was not too bad as well
smells pretty good , but it doesn't really seem to be doing much for my hair . my hair is really damaged so maybe thats why .
liz claiborne does it again . this perfume is light and fresh and adding to that my hubby loves it . five stars easy !
i love this product perfect shade for me it covers my gray here n there & leaves my hair shiny & soft . its easy to apply
enough for the price . no thickening or results like the more expensive brands but makes my lashes dark and can't argue the savings .
i loved this extension and wore it maybe 3-4 times then the clip broke off and it was no longer wearable . wish they made this product more sturdy .
i cant wait to use this product . i'm going to love doing designs with this product . my friends are going to want me to do there nails too
this is very handy . i didn't realize that the brushes did not come with the makeup apron . now i need to buy the brushes
i really liked this brush . the only thing i didnt like was that it shed a lot . but for the price its amazing !
i have been really loving this brand of nail polish lately , and this is one of my very favorite colors ; would buy again .
i only received this yesterday , but so far so good . it is powerful , easy to handle and much quieter then the one it replaced .
have only used the pens so far but they work great ! and a good variety of colors for the tape !
love the smoky feel these colors have . usually get comments on this set . don't forget to buy a long last top coat
i just love love love this product ! i have porous skin yet this just makes a perfect canvas and makes pores seem evened out !
i've used all kinds of products this shampoo and conditioner is absolutely wonderful on my hair love it and will buy again .
i really like the san francisco color group . this color is particularly great for fall . nice darker cherry rather than red .
love it , love it . i buy all the time . great with dark hair . give pretty highlights . i will keep buying it .
this is the only lotion that helps with my dry itchy skin . i don't believe that i could live without it !
does a great job of conditioning my seriously damaged hair . works even better when it leave it in for an hour mixed with some olive oil
this lasted a pretty long time , i use it during the daytime on dry areas , and was surprised how effective , but light it was !
very reasonably priced ... i have been using this cream for many years now , it helps keep the skin moisturized and soft
wonder full color and great quality of polish . you do need more than one coat but it is worth it !
i ordered this because of the great reviews but i tried it 3 times just to be sure that i see absolutely no difference when using this product .
perfect set of combs with a wide variety of choices . it was also a great price for what you get !
it's very good deal for the pricesome are so dramatic and so i dunno if i am going to use them
i love this color it is plum and it pops i also use this as a liner for my mac heroine i have to get more of this color again
i love the color and wear it everyday , very cream , but have to apply often . end of story the end .
i bought this for my husband for christmas and he loved the scent , it's not too strong but last all day .
it's a good night time moisturizer . silky , slightly spackle-like texture . does contain fragrance which my skin takes time to get used to it .
i love this and love . they have been staples in my scent arsenal for years . it is wonderful and has a rich yet feminine smell .
i highly recommend this product . i love olay and love it on my skin . it's great for under day cream and night cream .
i like this one too ! this is another one that i mix in with the cocoa butter and it's very nice . will repurchase .
it is flimsy and i am concerned it won't hold up . time will tell but less than expected.how could you go wrong at this price though ?
i am a blephartis sufferer and purchased these pads to scrub my eyelids daily . since i've been using this product , my blephartis has almost cleared up .
at first it smells a bit funky but after it dries it smells wonderful , just like an extremely expensive one i used to buy.you will not be disappointed .
i bought this serum and learned the hard way not to use too much at a time . other than being gentle with use , i like this product .
this brush set is beautiful and soft . i love the brush holder that it comes with , it is the perfect way for me to keep them organized !
i love the shade and coverage ; i love the fact i can wear white shirts without staining the collar ...
this was decent - had better , had worse . meh . i just bought some other brand and this one goes on thicker which i like .
this makeup is very nice to apply . it goes on very smooth and stays all day
love these so much . little shapes and they are easy to use . would buy these again . great for little designs .
great currette for cleaning cuticles and under nails before soak off gel manicures . cuticle pusher is good too and love the rubber grip .
love colored false eye lashes ! it can be hard to find really good set of some , these are amazing and fun !
feels moisturizing and a nice light summer face cream . not rich enough for use in our colorado winter , but great for warmer months . i'd buy again .
i wasn't too happy with these . they were okay . keep in mind u need specific nail polishes for these . they dont just work for any .
favourite facial wash gel . it is thick and makes my face smooth , helps get rid of acne . i have sensitive skin .
perfect for weaving hair , for placing ornaments in braids , etc . the curved needle is the best for all jobs . great .
i guess this is just an enhancer , not a dye . so it did nothing for me . even if it had , it's on the messy side .
i bought these for my models to use while doing photo shoots with wigs on for me . they work as intended . would purchase again .
inexpensive , tea treey , well there's not too much to say from me , i'm sure it's a good quality product with lots of magical potential
this is a nice builder gel for floating or brushing ( polish style application ) without having to struggle or chase the gel around . it wears very well .
i bought this product for my hair but the oil is a little to thick which causes my hair to weigh down so i dont really use it at all
i have had others that cost more . this works just as well and feels so refreshing ! great buy i'm happy
rapidly removes nail polish without damaging your nail and keeping their beauty . helps strengthen weak and sensitive nails . very affordable price for such a fabulous product !
okayy well the wig is so big the hair is super fake it looks horrible and it sheds worse than a cat ! !
works great ! nice color and size is also not too small , not too big . i would recommend to anyone !
great item for the price , i know it costs more at even walmart and i refuse to pay that price .
... the product leaves your hair soft , but some what greasy . it smells really nice like a paris hitlon perfume .
i really love this pedi 2 for gifts and get well looked fast and i love i will continue buying perfumer
really recommend this brush .. the bristles are very softeveryone should have a pencil brush to get a perfect eye look
a great mix btwn glamourous and a little less fake . looks great on and can use at least 3 times depending on the glue u use .
you love the color last along time really pretty buy it it cheap and true to color . i will buy more for price
not what i expected , these are small sponges , they are alright , i will also be using them for nail art work .
save your money , no matter how little it cost . does not work at all ! definitely try some other product ! beware !
highly recommended per research organizations . i like that it's a light feel , and knowing that it has spf of 50 keeps my fair skin from burning .
i swear by these ! they are super soft and make applying concealer super easy ! the result is smooth and perfect . highly recommend it !
makes applying and blending your eye color pretty easy , i like it but its a small brush though but its still a pretty nice brush .
this mascara was bought for my 14 year old and she likes it just fine . it was nice to save a little money by ordering it from amazon .
i expected that it would be much darker as i am very dark skinned so it really does not show when i use it .
the first one i got didn't work but it get replced immediately and works perfect . i would recomend thi item to my friend .
works , the cheapest i could find , if you find cheaper let me know jk jk jk jk jk jk jk
i use this product every day and love the way it helps to cover the thin spots in my hair . i will order it again .
great brush , fast shipping ! no shedding , gets around the eyes and nose well . blends makeup nicely , and works perfectly with my liquid makeup .
got it for it's purpose and it does what it is suppose to well . would purchase from seller again .
pamprin works better than anything else i've found for menstrual cramps . it doesn't make it completely better , but bearable , so i'll continue using it .
i love jane iredale products and this is one of their best products . feels so good on my skin ! thanks
i like it but will not buy it again because i think it is over priced . it is nice and creamy but does not last long .
my husband has forgotten he has other fragrances.he asked me for it when we first met and he got it this year for christmas .
this is the best mascara out there . stays great and makes my eyes look amazing . such a great price ... love e . l . f . !
awesome product and great for when i was transitioning my hair and even better on my natural hair alone ! and it came quick
great for giving your face a smooth palette upon which to apply foundation . been using it for a long time and won't go without it .
i didn't like them at all i wont purchase this item again they feel way to fake and to hard to put on
i just love the smell of this sunscreen . it doesn't leave sticky or slippery feel on skin , absorbed quickly , and smells great !
the rounded end does not scrape anything off the nail . i am definitely returning this item . there are better cuticle pushers on the market .
very thin formula , and no spf like most bb creams have . i've tried about 6 different brands and i like this the least .
i bought this for my girl and she seems to love it , so i assume it is good . sorry i can not be more helpful .
i love the smell of this product . it really is so nice for your hair too . highly recommend this product .
a gift for my 11 year old daughter . she has thick hair and she has had no complaints with it
best blonde toner ... not too ashy and not gold ! gives you the best shade of beachy blonde hair . great for summer !
i did not see any results with this soap . it was drying on my skin as well . i would not repurchase .
i've been using this shampoo for years and years . not everyday , but a couple times a month to get my hair squeaky clean . love the smell .
last long , flexible and so so easy to use . the fact that you get so many makes this that much more fun and worth the price
great deal for all the tools you get ! very sturdy and good quality .. cant find a bad thing to say .. really good little set !
was loosing my hair during pregnancy , because hormones are weird . was recommended this by my hair dresser . it works and stopped the hair loss .
this thing i think is the worst thing and was a waste of money to me it just set there looking stupid
smears so quickly and sooo cheap it's really hard for it to actually look good . it took so long to get too :p
this is an excellent under eye concealer . truly does last all day . ive tried many products and this is the only one i have constantly repeatedly purchased .
this is a great foundation , it lasts all day and as great coverage . i would buy this again and the price was awesome
this is way cheaper than i have seen them in the store . i would definately recommend this product to anybody .
great blush brush ... you can not go wrong with real techniques brushes . all of them are good and cant beat the prices .
peter thomas roth can be rather expensive . but i feel this product is worth every penny . it really makes a difference to my mature skin .
nice selection of products and colors for travel or if you're like me and don't have a ton of storage space in your bathroom !
this is my everyday makeup . it's light , doesn't cause breakouts , and does a great job of evening out my skin tone .
you also must get this to small but cute all at the same time i just love it ... must get to mad cute ...
amazing colors but too small run out after 2-3 uses . also the purple dried really dull almost matte like but a top coat makes it match the bottle
this is a non greasy product ... which i love ! i use morning and night . just another awesome product from peter thomas roth !
great serum ! makes my skin feel softer and smoother . i also feel it makes my skin look a little brighter and have more of a glow .
i love love these eyeshadow colors so lovely and bright or dark depending on the color in question . ^ _ ~ <3
it smells good and it makes your hair feel so soft ;d efinetly worth the money and will last a long time
i got this and i still think the bottles for these konad polishes are small , but the stamping polish does work like it should !
these are very cute , good size . only thing took 3 weeks to get . but well packaged , nothing missing or broken worth the wait .
i have real fine and limp hair and this product promised to add volume and shine . after i used this product my hair seemed drier .
love the palette , and how long it's sticks to your nail . and the price , of course ... this brand is a bomb .
they are a diffrent color , but they get the job done , so i am pleased with the product and the look .
love the color but had to reapply every 15 minutes , not cool when you are on a date and you have to keep reapplying your lip gloss .
definitely makes concealing acne blemishes and any other issue much easier . the handle fits comfortably in your fingers and the brush is made of soft fibers .
one product that is guaranteed to make your spouse smile . it is a powerful hydration formula that will make her skin silky smooth . very highly recommended .
great product . stays until you want it removed . this is the first with this claim that is true . it is beautiful .
love my first experience with acquarella , plasma looks exactly like the color of blood ( yes ! ) and i am really looking forward to buying more colors asap
not worth the money . i good idea in concept , but does not work well . the nail polish remover leaked out .
not the best looking , but its good for the price . seems sturdy enough and is the perfect dimensions for my purposes
just as the product describes . lovely shade too i am including it as a side stocking stuffer for xmas . im not sure who to give it to yet
i love this product it is perfect for lining up i use a thinner brush but the gel is the best
its an amazingly soft brush ... so . soft and really spreads things evenly .. i love it and would definitely recommend ... planning to purchase more
since i've been using this product my hair and nails have improved . i get this through amazons subscribe and save feature which i love .
i use this all the time ! it has made my skin wonderful , as good as a the clarasonic
this product offers clean removal of publish without the burden of stcky cotton residues left in your nails . the convenience is well worth the extra bucks
this product is okay . the wash and eye cream lasts longer than the moisturizer . it was comparable to most stores . it is no miracle product though .
hubby's toenails are really thick , have broken 2clippers on him . these seem to cut through easily and are so easy to use . highly recommend
this jumbo pencil works fabulously ! much easier than any other eyeliner i've ever used ! and it has so many uses also !
i bought two of them so i could have on on each side . they are smaller barettes , so they work well on thinning hair .
i like this as a topper . it is a very young looking polish and can be worn with a variety of colors .
the product is ok , nice packaging . i'm not a fan of paris hilton's fragrances though , but this was a present , so ... no complains .
people ask me what i am wearing it smell good and last all day i even bought her other perfumes they all smell real good
although water is really the true moisturizer for all skin types , this product has a nice fragrance and leaves the skin very smooth .
this works good on me but everyone else i use it on has had lifting problems i wont buy again
it's very refreshing and you can see the difference when applied . my face is refreshed , bright and feels very clean and soft . thanks i love it .
i had a brazilian blowout about a month ago . i use all the products to help maintain the investment into the process . it is very light .
i gave it a 2 because it was not at all what i was expecting to many single designs and not a lot of full finger stamps .
i bought this based off reviews . to me personally it has a hint of grapefruit that i'm not a fan of .
the smell is really strong ! for aromatherapy use it with some water to dilute it . this is amazing and i highly recommend with some flute music !
they are just like any glitter , i like them for certian things but not nailart ... unless your doing a whole nail ...
i love this ! ! the spray makes your hair so shinny and a sweet smell , it doesn't frizz your hair or make it dry ! !
i love it . great color , great formula , full coverage and complete opacity en 2 coats . looks like a pale lavender
great colors for people who want a step up doing their makeup , there are lots of colors and but the lip glosses were thick otherwise great product
this organizer has lots of pockets and zipper compartments . the size is perfect to put into totes . the price was great but shipping was slow .
i love this brush for applying my cream / liquid foundations . it blends like a dream and makes makeup application a breeze .
i love these . i use ocm to remove my makeup and these are perfect for that . removes all the excess oil and makeup like nobody's business .
the pencil is good , but the concealer itself does nothing . it's thick but sheer . make sense ? i didn't think so .
nice box , overall felt this was worth the price and i was very apply with this purchase and i love the smell for my guy ..
feels good on skin . have only started using it so too early to tell if it is firming . i really like most all reviva products !
great and it replaced another brand i had . especially like the turbo dryer for keeping the fuzzy hair at bay
at my place it doesn't last long every person at home uses it i personally use it for my oily skin .
this brush is perfect for blending eyeshadow . no shedding , perfect softness . must have ! wish the price was cheaper but its worth it
wonderful light conditioner ! i rinse mine out . completely detangles , leaving hair soft but not " too soft . " great scent too . perfect !
it my first time to buy a green polish . it is amazing ! i wear it to the beach . it makes me shining !
very pleasantly surprised at how pretty and rich this green is ! bought it for st patrick's day but it's become a favorite for all the time .
the price for this is really cheap . it comes with 24 different color . the colors are beautiful and the brush applies it very smoothly on the nail .
these dotting tools are great ... whether y are a pro or a beginner ... i really did like them i would recommend for to buy them
really good for the price it works great . i use all the pieces and i like them . cheap but good
it is really safe for hair and takes like 30 minutes ( for my thick hair ) to make nice curls ! too bad i can't attache picture )
i am very happy to have this product it's worth to have this , it's taking less time for my makeup to remove .
these lashes would probably work if i have right glue , and another thing is i cannot get these to blend in with my real lashes .
very nice for a commercial soap . it leaves my skin feeling clean without drying !
keeps all my stamps in order and i know just where to go when i am looking for something and keeps them from getting scratched
it is a little drying , but i love it . cleans up the makeup and the dirt without scrubbing .
it feels so greasy and i hated how my hair looked after just two uses . i feel like i've thrown away my money ! !
i have been searching a nail care personal manicure & pedicure set for a long time , and it is good to use .
i am happy with it , i reseve it on timei recommond it to my frindsi got more as gifts for my frinds
smooth and lovely . i love this pressed powder . it does not make my face look cakey .
never tried these before and i was so surprised at how great they work ! it is so much easier to file nails using this file . i love them
i like having this , but i have to use another timer since this function on the unit does not work .
great product and wife will order more in future . loves to try many different products and this one she will buy again . purple her favorite color .
i bought this cologne for my nephew in canada . he loved it . the only cologne he wanted to use is this one .
this worked great for me and i have had no issues with it in the few months i've used it .
my hair feels and looks the same i am not going to be ordering this again i cut myself opening one of these
i am a blonde and this is an excellent color for me , especially on the go . not too black and not too pale
this cleans my face without drying and leaves my face feeling clean and fresh . it takes off the makeup that my cleanser leaves behind .
i mix with now almond oil for skin care that is natural and products are not tested on animals . also skin has improved .
use it every night seems to be working skin feelings soft and clean keep using i'll no more as i use it more !
i'm always looking for pretty nail polish colors . and i especially like the opi colors . i'm very happy with this one .
such a gorgeous color ! it is a must have for any nail polish addict like myself . it had great color pay off
beautiful deep blue with the larger glitter ( like good gossip ) . has good depth to it , thicker polish too . long lasting as well .
i bought this at nordstroms not here but i just love this and can see a difference right away . i am 27 and just love it .
i love this because it is affordable and keeps my face nourished . it also doesn't cause any breakouts and the product lasts forever .
i have used plenty of these with different brand names , these don't seem as good as others i have used . they are okay .
a classic soap that will be popular for years to come ! love the clean fresh scent and cleans without drying . great product and great price !
suave , shampoo , humectant moisture , 28oz ... really one of the best suave hair products out there .. smells great & cleans your hair great
this cream is great for men who work with their hands all day . a little goes a long way and it definitely helps to soften hands .
i have super curly hair and i love that this comb helps me to distribute conditioner better throughout my hair . it is strong and doesnt hurt .
nice comb for on the go . solid in quality . perfect fit everywhere gym , car , back pocket etc . nice feel . good price for comb .
there is no real evidence that this product works . i have not seen its effects on my skin before or after treatment .
this it perfect for guy that want to go blad but scared to shave there heads , this makes it easy
delighted to finally find an excellent mascara product that is safe , does not clump and removes easily.looking forward to trying other products by this company .
i used this oil as a scent to my homemade hair products & it's very pleasant . it isn't overwhelming either .
great brushes for my nail art , they clean very easy with nail polish remover . this brush set has every brush you can possibly think of .
suave products have become my go to for everything i really and truly love them.this shampoo makes my hair smell fresh and really gives it an amazing shine .
i do like this moisturizer . it is light enough to wear under makeup and it also give you the spf 30 you need . i will order again .
came on time very well packed good price made well . nice set for anyone who dose there on nails that look good .
i thought that the brushes were made of another material , but it is not , is plastic and it is so fragile .
not the pink i was hoping for but glides on well , just no my color but potentially someone else would love it i prefer more nude colors
for this super low price , 28 oz size bottle , super high quality shampoo , you got no reason not to buy lot of them .
i feel like these little discs sure get my face clean . easy to use and smell fairly pleasant . will buy again .
i like the curve of the wands . i recommend this product for professional and personal use . i will order again .
this cream has done such an amazing job . it goes on so smoothly . makes my face feel moisturized and fresh
the order came quickly and the makeup is flawless . exactly what i was looking for . a lot less expensive online .
i've tried many and this is the softest and lasts the longest out of all the ones i've tried . get it and you'll love it .
i love them ! ! they are beautiful on . they fit good . and i will buy more of them . the price was great .
good price . like the use of space . the one drawback---the main part of the makeup bag has no zipper to close it
i like to use this shampoo to wash my nylons and woolen gloves and hats . it's very good , and has a very nice pleasant scent !
this shampoo is great for keeping out the yellow or brassiness associated with high lighted hair . i will definitely continue to use this product .
light but nice - not heavy - have not used it long enough to really comment on improving skin . time will tell
well after 1 use of these each the sponge material tore and the metal is exposed was cheap yet still not worth it
no particular reason really , but i've seen colors like this that sparkle more.for the price you can't go wrong .
the brush actually spins , which isnt always the case . so many arrive and after i order them they just vibrate . this is a quality item .
i like it ， i went to beach to take spring break . and i need to say i did not be burnt by the sun .
i would certainly recommend for someone like me just starting out . the price is definitely right . no problems with delivery and the brushes work very well .
wonderful polish ! i have problems putting polish on .. especially smoothly and the consistency of this zoya polish has been the least difficult and always looks great .
exactly what i need for my clients as i am a makeup artist , colors are vibrant and its a great price
i have noticed a visible reduction in dark circles under my eyes . serum is very soothing . good value for the money . would buy like product again .
this train case is absolutely beautiful . very spacious . it is made very well . great for makeup artists or makeup enthusiasts .
so far i like this product . i wonder about the dispenser for the eye treatment as it seems a bit complicated for applying the cream .
these files are amazing ! they file the nail so smooth and easily , i never thought a file could be so great !
very pretty pearl color , i get tons of compliments . looks great with a tan !
even at 30 % it's strong but removed discolored skin on first try ! i'm buying this for my friends and family .
lasted 2 weeks then the band inside broke . thing this is a cheap make and the price was not worth it . i want a refund
works great for lashed . seemed to work quickly too . i could tell after a week and a half .
for an inexpensive firming cream , this works moderately well . i like it and have used it for a few years and would continue to buy it .
expeller pressed castor oil contains ricin . beware . use only cold-pressed castor oil . i wasted money on this purchase . buyer beware .
long lasting skin nourishment . i like to mix mines with a little olive oil for added benefits as my skin can be extremely dry . highly recommend .
this scent is romantic & sexy . great for everyday use or just special occassions . it last long yet not overpowering . it is truley a wonderful scent .
good to have all surfaces on one nail block , but the sidesare not discernibly different . okay for the price .
they are very small , but if you have the right tools they're not too difficult to handle . you get a lot of beautiful pieces for a small price
this product , like all eminence i have used , is luxurious and effective , while being all natural and completely healthy--i love it !
it's a great coverage foundation which gives a matte finish . it does require occasional touch ups.the brush is not too great though .
a little thicker than regular nail polish , but once you get used to it , its easy to use and works great !
lining it up can be a bit tricky , but once you got it , its very effective and easy to use .
i like this product overall , but it's a bit greasy and somewhat overpriced . not sure if i would purchase it again .
i use it before my make up and i realy like it it is not oily and it would go smoothly
this clogged my pores like crazy and melted right off my face immediately after application . i have very oily skin . it did not help at all .
i used thus according to instructions and the polish came right off . my regular polish with vase and top coat stays on longer .
the marker clearly says la girl on the top of the marker , which is not clearly visible in the picture shown here .
been using this hair dye for a few years now and there is no going back . even coverage every time and beautiful color .
good quality designs on the stamp plates . no duplicate plates and a few duplicate designs .
i have a bad case of acne scarring and this really helps . it's not as painful as most peels but just as potent .
this is the nicest product for the money that i've ever bought . it stays nice and soft . i hate " crunchy " eyebrows !
perfect size , for home or travel . it's not too small or too bulky or large . it puts out the perfect amount of heat and air .
there are a great amount of pearls in this wheel . im sure this will last me a good long time . lots of colors and good quality .
with shimmer ... makes my lips look fuller and kissable . nyx is a great mac knock-off and i like their products and are affordable too .
i love these konad plate took me a while to get it right but i love it ... i needed practice practice with these ..
i ordered these rods on a friend's recommendation , because i wanted to curl my hair without using damaging heat , i was not disapointed .
i use this product as a hot oil treatment for my hair and it's wonderful ! it detangles and gives my hair an excellent sheen .
i love the way this feels that makes my skin feel like it has a soft powder on it . i used very little
does what it says does get a little hot around the edges but not to badly well build like the ventilation holes at the top and the draw string
i use this every morning - i mix it with my spf moisturizer . my skin feels very nice and looks firm
i like this finish because it is really good for when you are travelling , the two on one is great .
i reccommend this product for all professional and non professional it is great stays on longer last . great for all
as a blonde , we have to protect our tresses ! ! this does just that and so much more . my hair looks shiny and smooth every time .
although i did receive this product for free , i would have paid full price after learning how well it works .
very very very bad i cant believe that when read the review teel to my mind this is prefect but i put it in garbage like the food's oil :(
the shampoo has lots of lather and the conditioner leaves my hair really soft but not weighed down at all .
way too heavy for me , it's a tank ! other than that it's great ! fairly quiet low pitched hum considering the power
smells great , makes hair very soft and manageable . would recommend to anyone that is looking for a product for frizzy and unmanageable hair .
inhad my brother try this product . he has dandruff and often complains about his shampoos . he loved this product and highly recommended it .
good variety of brushes and great price ! seems like a great set for those who enjoy doing nail art . would repurchase
this brush is almost identical to the wet brush . works great to detangle hair without snagging . great for people with sensitive heads and tangly hair !
nice concealer palette , wow ! ! ! really well done many skin tones can work with this , you can also mix the colors to suit you ...
my daughters use this and it works great . they love this over any other soap they've used . i highly recommend it .
the best ! it smooths and firms better than my fancy clay mask i paid 3x as much for . the proof is evident after the 1st use .
great quality and super cheap price . shipping takes a while , but worth the wait . they have lots of other stuff i bought too .
i love it ! ! my hair is smooth , shinier , lighter , more vibrant ! alterna caviar has been my to go shampoo for a while !
great for everyday use . scent is pleasing and masculine . dandruff control or not , this is a great product for anyone .
love the color . easily one of my favorite colors once it finishes i shall order another one . thank you guys
i like it i just don't think i've used it a lot so maybe that's why i haven't seen results
i love this makeup bag . and it came with the cute brush . i also like the brush . it is good quality.very nice
love love love this color . it is a very nice pink color with lots of shine . it is truly a great color for summer time or anytime .
i have only been using for a week so really don't know how to rate this item . it feels good , let's see how it works .
i love this perfume ! it's a little pricy but definitely worth it . it will always be one of my favorite scents .
dries fast , not stinky like other metalics i've tried . lasts about a week . i'd recommend it to anyone who likes very bright polish .
this item shipped quickly i would buy here again deff recomend the subscripion though product is of good quality w
i really be very disappointed it changed nothing . absolutely nothing happens . its like a water . i would not recommend .
these are great for the price . work well and they are tiny and perfect for designs on nails.not sure how they will hold up only time will tell .
this is a nice and convenient mask bowl for mixing just about anything you need . but they sent me a pink bowl which i wanted a green .
wonderful ! i use this product for all of my do it yourself beauty and hair care needs and it works like a charm ! so far no issues !
for my hair , this is the perfect curling iron . it heats up fast and gets super hot and the small rod size makes curls that hold .
very good eyeliner ! i love elf products and this is very smooth and creamy and certainly does what it's supposed to !
this glue did not work well for me at all . it is not strong . my fake nails popped off easily with this glue
this has a nice creamy feel to it and feels good on my skin . it is non irritating and i will order this again .
love shany products-glad i discovered them . i need another one of these natural palettes my fav colors r gone in mine-use daily-nice product
i really like this cleanser because it removes all my make-up including my eye make-up without irritating my eyes . not sure how much it helps my complexion overall .
leaves skin moisturized and has a nice texture to apply on face . it lasts a long time . i alternate using it nightly
it's like a deep dark purple it's looks nice and twinkle and looks even better i love gelish polish it worth every penny
i don't see any difference on my face .. it smells nice but it does not give any improvement .. what a disapointment .
bought for my daughter for christmas . only thing that bothered me was i got a duplicate plate . so she only ended up with 24pcs .
doesn't give a rash compared to other brands . it still burns , but no rash . if you're sensitive need to apply liberally .
i wanted to try a new scent and pretty was just what i was looking for . i wear it almost every day !
i love kai ! it is a lush , but clean , green gardenia scent . one of the most realistic gardenia scents i have ever found .
great to use when using false lashes ... holds until you take off ... a must have when wearing falsies ... better than all the rest in my opinion
i was expecting a dye . okay , even if it were more what i expected , it's messy , so this just isn't for me . nohow .
nice and hot rollers - i've had it for a few years and its still going strong . nice bug curls or small .
this was just what i was looking for . it's a little cheap and flimsy but for the price that's to be expected . works great
i love these beauty blenders . they work really well with giving my face a smooth airbrushed look . it will take a while to come .
i love this product soo much , it's amazing how you get that glowing face after applying , i used it until it's finished now , ging to purchase again
i have not receivecd it yet but im sure its what the picture shows and i know the brand is great . ive heard wonderful things . will buy again
it didn't go into the skin well . i felt it just sat on the surface of my skin . really didn't see any difference
i use these to deep condition my hair and they work great , not to mention they are a great value .
great little cream , smells so good and so far work like a hidratantdont feel any bad effect , buy more for sure , come on time
i love bright and vibrant colors and this is it , i get compliments from my customers all day on my nails
i have never found a product that i enjoy as much as wen . and this is one of my favorite holiday scents ~
opi natural nail base coat & top coat combo is the best . been using it for years and can't live without it.opi products are the best .
this is a simple easy barely there color tint for lips . moisturizes and gives just enough shine . this is a staple in my purse .
i use it on my hair along with rosemary , and coconut oil , they are very nice and leave my hair soft .
i really did not notice a huge difference in my stretch marks , but i guess a little bit of improvement is better than none .
i am disappointed about this product , i , thought physical sunscreen work better , but this product not working easy to get suntan and burning even in spring .
great body brush that fits the description for item . very happy to own this item and has a pleasant look and feel .
eyeshadow was everything i expected ! but what i didn't expect was i ordered one evening and it literally arrived 2days later so i totally recommend !
this will boost your hair like no other , it will have it looking good right after you flat iron it
what better way to have makeup when it can be mutliply colors in one ! i recommend anyone to have this because it's a really nice palette !
goes on nice and smooth and absorbs into skin nicely . smells nice too . good quality product . would buy this again .
i used it on my waist to shrink it , but saw no difference .
omg ! i love these ! i'm a nail artist and these are soooooo helpful ! i couldn't be more happier ! thank you .
i use this all the time and love it . my hair is fairly long and i don't like hair spray
the very first time i use these things they all split on each sides , and the peoplethat are selling this product know that this product is junk .
i love this organizer ... it makes changing purses a breeze ! ! ! there are so many compartments and nothing gets lost in the bottom of your bag .
always love maybelline . great mascara , does not clump and is great for layering mascara for thick dark eyelashes . i would recommend this to anyone
did nothing to soothe the outbreak on my face but was effective for oily skin to combat the humidity of the dc summer .
love love love ! ! defines my curls ! very great smelling product that actually works ! ! i'm in love so all my natural sister buy this product !
i use it everyday as a base . it goes on easy and quick and maintains a great hold for my make all day .
i use this lo poo shampoo occasionally because it is sulfate free and was recommended by my stylist . it has a pleasant smell .
non cakey , great for blending and medium coverage . works well with several foundations and even a touch-up with a heavier concealer .
have used these products for about 3 years now . i will never go back ! leaves my hair so smooth and soft with no tangles after a shower .
one month in can tell a positive difference in skin's smoothness and not as dry , also others noticing i look less tired .
this product is very nice and soothing and it does not irritate the scalp . what is does do is it moisturizes and hydrates as described with excellent results .
i've had this for some time , the mirror now needs something of a plug to stop it from rotating to the other side .
i am not a fan of this perfume.the scent is ordinary nothing special . i sent it gift.the only thing that i love is the design .
love these they are pretty and the price is great for 5 pice set the sizes are not all different but im still very pleased with them ! ! !
i love the way this smells . my husbands face looks , feels and smells great . i love this line of dove products . way to go dove .
i wanted something different but not neon . this is a very nice shade of gray that held up pretty well . i'm quite happy with it .
... from skinceuticals . i've used this generic brand long enough that i can see it works just as well but it's not as costly .
just got it in the mail today ! love the color ! just what i was looking for and for a great price ! great buy !
this top coat is excellent and resists chipping well and preserves the underlying nail color well.it also is super glossy.this in my opinion , is a great top coat .
this works well for me ( male , short hair ) and also had a nice pleasant a light scent . i recommend it !
the brushes are long and good quality . the pen part is good sized for big or small hands . they are easy to use .
i really like these pore strips but the online price is a lil steep but well worth it . only works best when you keep up a good skincare routine
these things are amazing . you can put them on , pull them off 1 ` 5 minutes later and see gunk off of your nose you never imagined .
so cute i loved these bows . but i have a hard time keeping them on i don't know if i am using enough glue or not .
best eyeliner i have used . does not smudge and goes on so easy . blinc products are number # 1 on my shopping list !
there is no other word for this product , it feels so cool in the face and it is perfect for pampering in the weekends .
this is a great addition for spring and summer . it's clean and fresh and a great simple fragrance to have on hand .
best color with any foil or sparkle . it really makes the colors pop and not as emo or goth as one would think .
newest product by cnd and it is the bomb ! who wouldn't love a manicure that lasts a week and doesn't chip ? ? !
got it for my lil sis in law who is a starter in make up , she loves it and says it works great :]
love these , cant wait to get to use them more . they stick and stay unlike other brands i've tried . get you some
these work great i love that they have 3 designs instead of jaut the normal one gives you a chance for more variety
im in love these are some very strong long lasting and just everything you need for your make up needs and the prices just cant be beat
very nice . work as they should . will buy more mash products :) . . . . . . . . . .
this is a great case ! i bring it to every on-site gig . it has the room to store / organize everything . great value !
this is the go-to palette for bold eyes and a wide-range of looks that looks really great combine together ! really love this palette !
love the smell of those , and the help it provides to keep my body moist in the winter . highly recommended .
kinda cheap and flimsy . it was difficult to use and i did not feel it cleaned well . it also unraveled . the material is cheap .
i love dove moisturizing body washes and the sensitive skin is my fave - i can actually shave with this stuff too , it's my fave body wash !
in summer , very good . really effective against sun damage to the skin . bought several bottles . share with the amount of friends .
i have long , curly hair and this product makes them stay in place , formed and soft ! i love it ! will buy it again .
material is almost the same as other brands and it is cheaper than most of the cosmetics cases out there . it also comes with a mirror !
i love the silver detailing ! and the fact that there is a removable tray is bomb . also , the telescopic handle is so convenient !
this guy is great - really gets my scalp goin ! works as described and has a nice lil loop for your finger to go through .
i'm an alba organics junkie ... i use the whole line ... this erases wrinkles without causing blocked pores ! so nice . use it .
smell is to die for ... i do have to use extra to get the moisturizing i need . i may purchase again .
this green appears to be more of a sea foam green , i would say has a blue undertone and a creme be a creme color .
this was not what i expected . the gold is pretty dull but i may try ordering the mirror or silver one .
the colors are cute , i dont use most of them , but the one i use a lot was worth buying the set for .
colors are lovely , but i am not sure which is the problem the glue or the paper
i like this product because it spreads smoothly and stays on all day . i will recommend this product to others .
i'm so glad i was able to get a hold of this brush set ! ! ! very handy to my needs . ty !
this is my husband's ( and mine , too ! ) favorite scent for him to wear ! it smells incredible , and lasts all day !
i put this on first thing in the morning . lasts longer than stick type moisturizers . nice mild rose scent that isn't overpowering .
good for normal-to-oily scalp and makes hair fluffy . it seems to soothe the scalp nicely . the herbal smell seems to go away and just leaves it fresh .
in sf , it cost $ 2 per one cap.it ' s cheap buy here . but i have wait for 4 weeks for arrvied
pretty good deal , but the edges of the cotton swabs almost give me papercuts . so , i won't be purchasing again .
this product did not help with underarm odor or sweat . i don't really like the smell . will not buy again .
not impressed with it at all . it didn't really deliver a shine and seemed like it was full of alcohol rendering the hair dry and harsh .
i bought these because of the good reviews , but i don't see a big difference in the way my skin looks at all .
i needed this so that i could perfect my french tip manicures . it does the job and i got this for . great price .
its doesnt really intensify colors much at all . it makes them stand out a little more but not much at all .
great product for the price . works great for acrylic nail tips . a must have ! would recommend to anyone doing nails .
very nice and heavy ... didn't expect this much for such low price ... colors are very beautiful and vibrant ... nice buy .
love the different shades that comes with it . i most especially like the san pablo shade . would recommend it to friends .
first of all this smells light and nutty . i love it ! i have been using it on my hands , nails and hair . i love it !
i have had so much with theses brushes , i can do so much more with my nail art i am very happy with them !
my skin's been getting compliments . will buy this again . best used 2x / day . lines on forehead and side of nose softening
this stuff is terrible . i used it for a while , and didn't notice any difference . it cost a lot too .
small as described but you will definitely need to use a primer and base to get the shadow to show well enough .
this mascara is ok for every day use . i haven't noticed as much buildup or lengthening , but it covers my lashes well without clumping .
not holographic at all .. i have seen polishes that are much more holographic ... not worth the buy . sorry .. felt like a waste of money .
good volume of bubbles and a light , not over powering scent . i've used this in a couple of scents now and very much enjoy it .
i have 4b natural hair and this product is great for relaxed ladies , but it definitely didn't work for me anymore . oh well .
i love it ! it is very nice . i like the colors they come in . i would recommend this to everyone .
so far the best gel polish i've found . i have tried different brands and this one is so far my favorite .
suave products seem to smell better all the time . this is a nice creamy conditioner with a really delicious smell , which leaves my hair silky and smooth .
this doesn't work very well for me . it darkens my face very little , in fact it's not even noticeable . i won't be buying it again .
product is just as described . comes in a good size jar . smells nice and goes on smooth . have just started using it but i like it already
works much better than other brands for stamping nail art . it's much thicker .
i love the smell , consistency and feel of this lotion . it's very nice and i would recommend it to others .
i use it for blush and contour and it is amazing ! it does the blending job for you . super soft too . get them !
1 ) it moisturizes hair 2 ) i don't need grease when using it 3 ) it smell great 4 ) use only need a little bit
easy to assemble that was a plus but not real good when it comes to drying . after that it is big and bulky .
love this . comes with sleeve and case . good quality of material . price was higher than most . it is an unique item .
i love the product is a very good material , it feets my wigs very well . i recomended it is very good
i bought this product to just try this soap . i didn't like color or scent . it's ok , but would not purchase again .
such awesome moisture spray , spray a few times after washing face , dont even need a moisturizer of lotion , this keeps my face very soft and quenched .
for dry hair and everyday quick use . all conditioners should have a bottom end opening like this so you don't have to shake the bottle .
these were a great price here and you receive 5 dotting paint pens . i don't really need all 5 so will likely give some to friends .
i love the hot pop pink color ! it is very vibrant and matches the bottle color closely , love shellac polish !
i love this hair dryer - it has plenty of options , it's light and easy to travel with & it works !
the dotting pens are really really great and so fun you can dot away big or small you can also see these at youtube.com god bless .
love it love it love it if your some one who get your nails done prof . you should give this a try save you a lot of money .
i followed the instructions exactly but there was no detectable regrowth at all , even after i used the whole bottle .
this item was kind of deceiving . they are too small . i mean , if you like the small ones , they're great . i don't .
i use this for organic products for my home . i was very surprised of the quality of the bottles . they sprayed easily .
i love it because my eyes tear easily and this stays put the longest of every brand i have tried and its the cheapest !
i love this stuff i lather it on leave it for about an hour then rinse it out there's no need to even shampoo does wonders for your hair
i love these ! they clean your face very well and my face is silky smooth and works well if you are using retin a !
it's okay , but not what i expected for cover up . i was disappointed by the lack of coverage of my gray .
great for smoothing and taming the hair . you only need a very small amount so it lasts a long time .
they're exactly what i ordered and what i wanted . i will tell all my nail tech friends about this seller . i'm extremely happy with them .
is a good thing to have for a bad hair day . it's soft and pretty and helps to get hair out of your face .
it is soft with my brushes and my nails . it is perfect for those of us who looove to do nail art :d
great pencils go on with vividly color and sharpen easily . i would our purchase again . a very nice item for a gift too .
i bought these for convenience but grinding up my own oatmeal in my magic bullet is so much cheaper and i don't have to worry about any weird additives .
very bad product . followed the package instructions . it stained the bathroom everywhere and only last a very short while . very expensive and not worth the money .
i have super sensitive irish skin , finally found a moisturizer that doesn't make me blotchy . love burt's bees , my new favorite !
been using this for quite some time . i love argan oil and great for my hair . inexpensive in amazon compared if you buy it at the store .
the combo feels good , and i may be losing less hair , but my hair part is still too big . menopause sucks .
dont use much but ite great for solar nails but i barely use these at all so i dont need more
this is another oil that i use in making cosmetics , anti-aging lotions and creams and body lotions . it works great and is essential in anti-aging creams .
easy to apply , for once , and it looks great . i def will be buying this mascara again in the future .
i like these products . good price and the tools seem to work just fine ! just what i needed . easy and cheap !
i don't use it all the time but it works really good is practical and i like how is compact
brush was a little bigger then i expected and the bristles are extremely soft , i'll keep the brush though , might come in handy one day .
love these ! good quality and pretty i may add . may have to buy more to give as gifts . would recommend these .
this is my first time to try cake mascara . instructions were simple and it looked great on my lashes . non-irritating too .
i wouldn't recommend buying this product . the studs were not metal studs in the picture above .. the studs were the plastic ones instead .
recieved in great condition , product very nice just like the photo you can use it for your liquid or powder .
this product is a great travel compact case for your brushes . a must for any beauty freak and so compact.great style and price .
hood has odd design and steam burns forehead . i have to hold a towel to my forehead so it is not a relaxing steam moment for me .
since i have been using my face is really smooth and clear , i am 39 years old and i have noticed a big change !
the quality of this wig is suited for a child to use as dress up . my granddaughter will enjoy wearing it .
all appears to be as promised with this conditioner . it arrived in perfect condition no damage or leaking . thank you !
i like it , but is small is not like how they show in the pic.but for the $ $ $ i can not ask for much .
banana boat sprot cool zone has become a family favorite . nothing like sitting on the beach in the scortching sun and spraying on this instantly cooling sunscreen !
pros : it covers up all scars and blemishes and works with sensitive skincons : it dries out skin ... so i don't use it everyday
this is a very good nail clipper it's actually all sliver metal . cuts very well sturdy , like it very much
i love them ! what more can i say ? these are perfect for nails and the sparkly ones are super cute !
having tried their shampoo , i was hoping for similar results from the conditioner . for me that wasn't the case and i would not buy this again .
although the makeup comes in small amounts i really enjoyed this kit . the clors have nice pigmentation and you get what you pay for .
i had enough of the pesky hang nails that i always tend to get at work . i bought this and it works well .
my mom approved of this makeup . she said the cover is even and the way it glides is smooth which i guess is a good thing lol .
i want so many more bottles of this polish because i love the color and the coverage just that much .
i bought this for my husband and its not a keeper ! the scent is way to strong .. almost overwhelming ! it's not a sexy scent at all .
great consistency ! great rinseability ! great smell ! great price ! i would spend $ 6 for this.always get up side down bottles .
not sure what it does no difference in wrinklesfeels good as it goes on but then most things do
nail strengthening and growth . i try never to be without one of nutranail's nail products as they have really improved my nails .
i bought this item last week . it arrived very quickly . i would give this item a aaa + product review . it is made of good quality material.ds
this is like using a waxy crayon on your roots . it smears and it looks fake as heck on the hair . i tossed this .
i love my brush kit set . i have done many new designs on my nails . i no longer have to have them done .
my daughter was suffering from small patches of eczema and this worked really well . non greasy and last a long time .
leaves no oily residue after five minutes ; works great at healing , no strong odor . as good as the pre de provence argan .
daughter uses it . at times there will be flaws but i assume it's how she does it & still need to master technique .
i was shocked this actually worked but honestly it doesn't last long enough but maybe i am not using it right ... i will continue to work on that .
opi is my go to company for nail color and this is such a fun one for the summer . get it !
i bought these brushes for my sister at christmas time and she loves them ! her makeup looks beautiful and she says that she loves the quality of them .
i absolutely love this set of stamping plates . etching is very nice and stamps very clear . i have so many manicure ideas swirling around in my head .
like it . its has a variety of brushes that can be used for multiple purposes like a fan brush nail look
i have a lot of trouble finding a lipstick that stays true to color , this one did not suit me , but is a nice texture .
i does work , but so does any regular polish that is opaque in one coat . it also smears with top coat .
my fiance bought this , and she likes it . she says it works well , her only complaint is that it gives her a headache .
these blotting papers do a good job of reducing shine . you could even toss the small pack in your purse .
love this smells great and works good i constantly use chapstick during day and this helps at night to condition lips
huge bottle at a great value will make a very nice gift and happy with the price will order again
i literally smelled like moth balls and cheap perfume--it just isnt my scent . i am sure that it would be appealing to others , but unfornately not me
awesome awesome awesome product for its price . would highley reccommend this product to other customers . and came a day earlier than posted !
this is the best . have tried many other face perfectors . always come back to this
i use this over roc max system , i am seeing results with roc and will continue to use , very inexpensive
you get 3 in this set in jelly like colors . functional and affordable for your haircolor needs , i purchased these when buying my haircolor .
i hate this ... it doesnt not stay on my lashes so well and it doesnt hold the glue so welll either ...
the never fail good old soft and full still thickens and darkensns my lashes better than any other mascara i've used .
well it works fine i believe i've only had for a few weeks and it ripped some , but all in all it holds my natural hair well .
this mist sets the makeup and makes my skin look soft and supple . i highly recommend iq mineral makeup to anyone and the prices are unbeatable .
my hair felt okay after use , not more manageable than otherwise . it was worth a try , i have fine 4c hair .
smells so nice , i use it as a base for my face tonic and it works well . very good for mature skin .
this is a really nice set , and for the price , you can't beat it . it lasts all day and i love the colors .
this was a really good tanning lotion back when i used to tan . pleasant smell and a decent bronzer . i would recommend .
this is my first time in using this oil for both hair and skin i'm looking forward to using it in different ways . i recommend it .
still haven't figured out how to use this stuff with nail polish , but hopefully i'll figure something out .. i should probably youtube it
the scrub did not live up to my expectations , no brightening of skin , didnt feel it cleansed well enough :(
completely true to color from the picture you see . it is a periwinkle blue . very beautiful color , applies well in two coats and lasts !
works when added to other conditioners ... but on its own ? ? not on my relaxed hair . i wouldn't buy this product again .
great stamping polish . it dries a bit too quick for me but all in all i like using this product .. thanks for your service .
sun goes on easy and dries fast , for a quick tan before going out for the day or a quick tan before going out for the evening .
these work great ! just what i wanted for my nail art and the product was in perfect shape . i will defiantly order from them again .
this brush is amazing . pulls through my curly hair with no fuss and leaves my hair smooth and detangled . highly reccommend
this brush is perfect for applying powder . it picks up just the right amount of product and blends to a flawless finish .
this product used to smell like sunflowers ... and used to be thicker and smoother ~ not sure if this has changed but i'm very disappointed .
amazing brush would recommend to everyone with hair ! bought it for my roomate on her birthday . it changes your hair its a must have for beauty gurus
this is the first stamp we have purchased and i don't think we have to look any further ! love it !
i really enjoyed this lovely mauve purple color . i'm relatively new to zoya polishes but i thought it went on easily and lasted well .
these brushes last a long time and keep their shape when cleaned . i've used real techniques for years and don't plan to stop .
loved this nail polish display . looks great in my room . keeps all nail polish at hand and organized . the acrylic used is quality .
coverage isn't all that great and it definitely did not keep my face matte . sorry oily girls , but this ain't it .
i have hooded lids and these lashes open up my eyes so well . i sleep with them on and nothing happens .
great color , great fix . i love the matte finish , i have 4 different colors and they are all really good .
this product is great in helping soften and smooth fly aways and split ends . it works great with a smoothing iron or curling iron . love the fragrance !
works as described . easy to apply . i apply this instead of the base coat and then i apply my nail color .
i was pleased with this brand of shea butter ... i used it on my hair and skin .
perfect nude . peach / pink / tan color . and , it is long wearing as are all opi nail polishes . this is definitely a great price .
best brushes i bought , im crazy for them i going to buy all the collection , cant wait to have them all
wasn't looking for a build a tan kind of product when i bought this , but if that is what you want then go for it !
no need to be long winded here , i'll be brief--you won't be disappointed---this stuff works and the price is right ! ' nough said ! ! !
i didnt see a big difference with the spray or without it when i tryed it . i would not bye it again
this is a good product . i'd never tried it before until here , and i have to admit , i really like .
i would recommend this set of stamping plates to fellow stampers ! stamps beautifully and the designs are wonderful . thank you !
nice trio of brushes . work as good as you can use them . they looked just like the ones pictured here .
feria does not cover greys ver ell , which is what i wanted . it makes the hair very shiny . nice light color without too much red tones .
i absolutely love my make up pallette . its easy to use and has a lot of colors thak you can chose from :)
this stuff works . the humidity here is so bad that sometimes i can't make it through the day without freshening up . this does the trick perfectly .
these are such awesome colors and they are great quality especially for the price ! i would buy this brand again !
my boyfriend uses this brush daily for his beard . he likes it . he's very low maintenance and it works for him .
sometimes it's hard to find this kind at the stores , it was much lower priced , and it does give a pretty good coverage .
great retinol product that works without the extreme irritation of prescription retin a . a little dryness but still tolerated well
cute little 2 piece double dappen dish nail art liquid acrylic holders.they are as pictured . and they came about a week early .
... because of the white base . i wish the colors were more sparkly . the darkest purple is on the gray side . not what i wanted .
this nail art set is so easy to use , and it is really cheap too but the quality is great . i love it
our dance company has used this for a long time and for sure , whatever color you need , its in there and for a good price .
i have always liked l oreal products . this one didn't disappoint me . it is all it claims to be . i would recommend this .
this product has been my favorite for many years . it holds well without being super sticky and brushes out easily .
giving it 3 stars because of the unpleasant smell . the texture is grainy . i just rub it between my hands and then apply to my daughter's hair .
i love everything from this brand . all the products work well and don't cost as much as some other brands .
i've purchased this serum more than once as it really works ... easy to apply , doesn't interfere with my perfume , isn't expensive . i'm a satisfied customer .
my daughter says this is another that smells great and is so relaxing . she thinks it is a good product and recommends it
i love this stuff . its light , but moisturizing and works really well with the other products i use on my face .
this is a very pretty glitter to use over other polish . love it the different size glitter chunks , it really creates a sense of depth .
these are good for the price ( 10 pcs ) . they are a little flimsy but for the price you cannot beat it .
these rhinestones are amazing ! they are very small and great for details . i love the little container they come in and whould recomend this product .
i got these to glue nails on my fingers ... they do just that ... so i recommend this to people who want to glue nails onto their fingers .
this kit is so small and cute.it has everything in it . i love the size of it with 44 pieces.it ' s the perfect size for traveling .
this is great for quickly fixing snags especially for thick nails because there is no fine grit side.good and affordable .
its ok not too much good not good quality but ya if u want this costume for fun u can buy it but dont expect quality its ok
i've used this a couple of times and it combs right through clumps and separates lashes well . we'll see how it holds up .
this actually does what it says . after i wash my brushes i put these on them . it really does keep the shape . definitly worth it .
this is a very good product . i use it on my face and in the shower . deep cleans and softens .
the came within the time they told me seeing it was overseas . i have tried many of these and like them
smells good and leaves my face feeling fresh and deep cleaned . perfect for my combo skin and seems to be helping o fade my dark marks .
this is the best cover-up around . it goes on real smooth and is excellent coverage for dark spots . i highly recommend this product !
my mom gave me this for easter and i love it . its was in a very cute package that i'm going to store them it . good job .
the polish is nice and thin and not thick like some of the others . the colors are nice and stay shiny . a good brand .
i love this product ! i would recommend it to anyone ! it buff nails smooth and soft ! i would buy again !
i over exfolliated my skin and it was really dry . i used this and overnight it repaired it including underneath my eyes . pretty amazing stuff !
i use this regularly , gentle yet cleans skin thoroughly and deeply . i used it with other peeling produces i have purchased from amazon .
this soap has a smooth creamy texture that i love . i like to save it for special occasions to treat myself .
i was very pleased with this oil however it does come with a dropper or a pump . it is great for hair or skin
its small but does great clean up , frwnch mani & i use it to press glitter on the nails . fast delivery
this is so thin . i look like a fool whenever i use it . the color is so weir too
it's true it does not last 14hrs , but it gets the job done . the color and smell is gorgeous and the application and color really stands out .
does what it should , my shadows are brilliant and long lasting , really need to scrub well to remove . good product .
i can't get this product to work . it doesn'tseem to have the sticky residue to pull the stamp from the plate
this is the greatest little brush i have ever owned.this person was remalkle for inventing this awesome brushsincerly , brenda
i've never tried this product on my lashes but it's a wonderful brow shaper . great price , lasts for a long time . can't go wrong !
great product . have been using it for over a year . moisturises well , helps to develop good color . definitely would recommend .
you want be sorry you want be sorry about this you get the same looks out of this as smashbox toofaced you name it .
totally worth it for the price . i was 100 % impressed . better than my stippling real techniques brush . i won't buy anything else ! ! !
i have used other chi products and they all work great and this product is not an exception . i would recommend this to others .
i have about seven lime crime lipsticks and there all great , i have geradium but i wanted more a pinkish color and countessa is exactly that
it holds up great and is perfect for wig display ! i bought this to prevent my wig from getting messed up and it works great !
product just glides on the lips ... creamy enough yet does not fade ... make sure lips are not chapped ... for it sits on top of lips !
i love the color , actually obessed with this color lately . this color is reminisant of that special blue box from a high end jewelry retailer .
i've used this for some time and i gave my niece a bar - she's hooked too . it gently cleans and has a nice gentle fragrance .
deep cleans and works great . husband loves it . i steal some of his once in a while . good product but neither of us has terrible dandruff .
they are pretty shapes for eyebrows , really good price and durable . i use at least once a day and they still look new
these are what i was looking for . they came in little bags with the numbers on then and they are great must buy .
this clay mask doesn't do anything for my skin . and also it has a funny smell . i don't recommend it .
i loved this product from the moment i tried it out . it was very easy to use and had great results . everyone should try it out !
it has this sort of subtle yet present violet / red shimmer that just makes the whole polish glow from the inside !
perfect can now cut my own nails and save money at the nail salon . price isn't bad either . just what i need .
these are nicer then i was thinking they would be . the price was good . if you need brushes then these are ones to get .
this product def lasts much longer than regular lipsticks but nowhere near 14 hours . does not crumble either as other long last lipsticks tend to do .
not everyday but often . spraying something wet into my own freshly painted face took some getting used to but it really does do what it says .
first rate scrub for the gym bag . now my husband smells better than all of the other odiferous people he lifts weights with . right on .
i wasn't expecting there to be thick foam to be in between both sides of the file . it works great .
forget makeup removal tissues ! i have used these for years . they do exactly the job and do not make my face peel .
husband loves this product . he loved the smell ( and so do i ) axe makes great products in general and would recommend this highly .
this is a great product . i love it with how makes my hair feel smooth . plus it a great moisturizer on dry skin ! awesome item !
the face should be polished not scrubbed . scrubbing is for pots and pans . this product is very drying and harsh .
the picture makes it look like there are snowflakes in this polish.no snowflakes . it was the only reason i paid the $ 9 for this polish.it sucks .
this ten palette product is amazing ! i have used almost all of the colors and they are all pigmented and beautifully nude
i love it ! its smells so nice and great as gift to people who loves bvlgari . i buy as gift to my cousin she was so happy
this oil has done wonders for my hair ! ! it is smooth , moisturized and shiney ! i am so glad that i gave it a try .
it was my first time trying this mascara and i love it . works really nice . will definitely be buying again .
it really helps my skin heal after my tca peel . i would use it again .. it also keeps skin moisturized . a little goes a long way .
i really like this moisturizer . my skin actually feels moisturized and not dry . it's not very thick not runny , just the right consistency .
serves their purpose . wish there was a way to attach them to a surface without it being permanant , but they do work fairly well .
it makes you feel like a film is covering your hair , you really have to rinse this stuff out . my hair didn't feel clean or healthier either
i used this product according to the instructions but did not see any visible changes , was kinda disappointed with it .
it has a great brown color to the hair . a great affordable wig , a very well made and very great texture
this makes my hair feel so smooth . it helps so i dont have any tangles as i have thick hair .
very cute . love the different sizes . the quality and the quantity were great . some of the smaller sizes didnt seem to have as many though .
good product . it does what it says with routine use . it feels good on the skin and washes off easily .
this lotion is just lotion . nothing special . having said that , it does help dry skin a little . i don't use it for the firming aspect .
i like this very much . makes my wrinkles less noticeable . good price for this . i am glad i can get it on amazon .
i love everything about this moisturizer - it leaves my skin feeling great , protected from the sun and smells good to boot !
was hoping for more out of product--but it is nice and does add a little something extra to polish--would order it again
im in love with sweetsation products , beside being organic , they smell amazing and it feels really good on the skin . i'm addicted to it .
spicy cinnamon scent with a hint of rich cocoa , great layered with the pacifica coconut nectar for a decadent winter scent .
this is a cheap little brush by olay that is very overpriced . i did not find anything special about it , and i hardly use it now .
this product has handy sizes , seems to need one more piece for all of it to protect the food , and is fairly tight when closed .
works well on my hair . my hair is clean but not dried out . but not good for bathing . caused me skin irritation .
it doesn't catch in my hair and seems to help with winter static . tossing the bad brush out ! new favorite !
beautiful sensual scent that last a few hours . my husband was glad i purchased it because he enjoys how sexy it smells on me .
when i received this polish-i love it ... just wish i could find it ugh . it arrived fast and wasnt old and clumpy :)
i love essie and this was no exception . it dries perfectly and clearly . it's matte but not muddy like some brands and it last .
i love this stuff . i lightly mist my dry hair with this before flat ironing and it makes it silky smooth and shiny without weighing it down .
been using it for years love it . tried many others , but they never compare with this product.its not gresy or drying.would highly reccomend it
what more can i say ... its a konad stamper . the best in the world ! ! me and my girls have a blast stamping with it ! !
now i gave this 4 stars just because the color looked darker but that cool i know how to work my makeup so it's all good
they work great , save for the occasional without a head ( ouch ! ) , but i honestly didn't expect that many . probably a lifetime supply .
i think it's best to just go to the dermatologist to get blackhead's removed.out of 4 of these ( different company's ) this 1 was the sturdiest .
i cant wait to order more this is the bestlotion ever read the reveiws im getting 3 more for each roomgreat lotion fast shipping
a little disappointed what i order it.didnt get the same color i was ordering . i got a minted color instead.whiches i dont like green but wanted blue .
decided to try something new and thought this sounded good . it's good but i'll stick to my first choice ( dove ) .
i loved this at first and it does exfoliate very well but after a while it has frayed and come apart somewhat .
i think this is a lovely product and i love the smell of coconut but it can be pricey so be careful what you pay for it .
i love it and the exact item ive asked for but the only thing im kinda disappointed at is that its kinda small but it can work perfectly tho .
i guess maybe it is the climate i live in , but i dont realy understand the need for this product .
they could be bigger and more vibrant , but you get what you pay for . i use them in my nail art on clients
brushes came packed well and individually wrapped , very soft and easy to clean . i am very happy with these and already purchased a second set .
this is such an exceptionally perfect spring and summer color . i do prefer red colors but this is just a fabulous pink !
does take a few layers , but looks great on colors or plain , just take your time with it don't rush and put on thick layers
i don't like to spend the extra time so i rarely use it . it does make my hair feel nice but i won't be buying more .
this product not only gave my hair texture , it also help shape my spiky bed-head hairstyle . it lasts all day too ! very nice :)
these suck , my stick would not stay together and continuously fell apart . i will only buy the named brand of this type of product .
these are so nice i love all the colors and sparkles they are easy to put on with the pencil thing .
this polish , while missing harmful ingredients , needed to be repainted on the nails daily . it is not worth my time .
it's such a pretty color , but i feel like it's the only color i have that peels as easily as it does .
i really like this nail dryer . it dries my nails relatively quickly and i can dry both hands at one time , or my feet .
i bought the john frieda precision foam colour , deep brown black 3n for my sisters and friends . they like it .
bought this for a gift and when i got it , late , it was very very pretty . love the peacock on it and so colorful .
i tried the product but it don't help to fix the wrinkles ( i have just few wrinkles ) . don't recomended i waist my money .
works fast and even removes the hard to get pesky corners with ease . this is a must have for anybody that does their nails .
they're nice and thick . they are also soft which i like because they won't irritate as much . wish the inner corner would be shorter though .
is good and the bristles do help with coating the lashes , but there are better mascaras out there by lóreal , like telescopic
i only use this brush when putting eyeshadow on my lid . it packs the product on really well the brush is super soft .
i bought this to use as spot treatment and it is working like a charm . glad i gave it a shot !
but wish it were a bit less expensive . not sure if it has done anything for my complexion but love the smell and the feel of using it !
this has a very unique smell but its amazing . compliments every time i go out . its amazing on your skin . even on your face ! :)
high shine with fast drying time and long lasting coverage ... who doesnt love seche vite . this big pack has saved me tons !
perfect set of professional brushes for all your application needs ! superb quality and i love the pouch they come in ! shany is the best !
these are so cute and sparkly are curved on the nail . there so pretty on the nail sparkly .
great moisturizer ... pretty pink color but works great . nice smell too . i dont need expensive face products when i can get olay
it shreds . it's great that this is 30 pieces of tape but it shreds so easily ... i understand it's very cheap but still ...
i love this product . it leaver my skin very soft . also is not greasy to the skin . i will buy again
came earlier than expected , and over all is a great product . i would recomment this to everyone who loves to do their own nails at home .
i wouldn't call this color " nude " . it comes out more orange on my lips , though it blendsout really nicely and doesn't have a smell !
does what it says , gives my skin that boost and really makes my skin glow . people have noticed the difference in my skin also .
i like the color an it drys fast an it is not messy an it is not hard to open
lime crime carries the most beautiful lipstick colors , they are worth it , you would not regret it , im addicted :)
i love the hempz senses that they have come out with ! they are very smooth and smell soooo good ! i recommend all of them !
it lightened the hair very slightly , i'm not sure how noticeable it was . i would not recommend it unless you want a very slight change .
a very nice gift for women . it's quite large and it didn't cost a lot of money . it came fast in the mail
lovely blush ! sheer , healthy glow ! ! ! beautiful color . i love the way it looks . goes on easily , stays on all day .
this is a good styling gel , because it is not sticky and helps hold my curls and give me some volume .
it was alright . you can get them much cheaper at your local beauty supply store and it gets the job done .
love this blush ! works as a bronzer and gives your skin a very natural tanned color which i really like . great quality for this value .
i thought this was a great foam in moisturizer . it didn't leave my hair feeling sticky and hard . a really good product !
as how they describe it and same exact thing as how it is on the picture i love them i cant wait to try them on
really does keep eyeshadow from creasing . why pay a fortune when u can get the same exact ingredients in an elf product - :}
the lotion is great , goes on smoothly , and really works on my dry skin . i doesn't feel greasy and absorbs well .
purchased this years ago and it still works ! gotta love opi ! it's a little thicker than it should be but i still love it .
i love these polishes . they can be used alone or with other colors . they are fun clean polishes . friends love them .
you can't go wrong with these . dotting set always comes in handy and these were cheap , cheap , cheap ! ( in a good way ) :)
this is a very pretty bright lemon yellow . goes on smoothly but does need a few extra coats since it has some streaks when applying .
i use this after showers as a body freshening spray . my husband likes the smell . so , i'll be purchasing more in the future .
this lipstick is subtle , if you want it darker you have to go over several times . it's very smooth , and easy to apply .
i love the colors . they smell awful and are really hard to remove . it's really thick so a thinner makes it a lot easier to apply .
i was happy to find a hair spray that you can use on dyed hair and protect it from uv rays
this eye shadow is really great for the price ! ! ! so many great colors to blend and it comes in a really cute magnetic " book . "
works great with aveeno body was , and olay in shower lotion . keeps you from drying out this winterbuy all 3
this is really nice and sheep product i really love it i never expect that much for the price ... cool deal
i thought i was getting a different product . i didn't like the smell , very strong and i gave me a headache .
i love the price - mainly why i buy them . they are nice and hold on to your nail polish . doesn't chip as fast . wonderful product .
love it like the lotions better but good for when in a hurry beautiful color would try one of the best self tanners i have ever tried order every year
what can you say ? they're bobby pins . i got 60 of them , as described , and they were all in good quality .
i have much big bags and never time to put all stuff i need from one bag to another , so this bag helps me every day
these sponges smell very odd and are really too large for proper makeup application . i prefer a good brush to these - - hands down .
this kit is wonderful . it has everything you need in a nice compact area . the shadows are very nice and i especially love the mascara .
it does exactly what its suppose to do . all you have to do is put some clear coat on top and it last for a while .
this helps really get a good scrubbing on your face . it gets into your skin.the bristles are very soft .
this is so different and very pretty ! i put it on over the orly liquid vinyl or you could use a deep navy blue .
the polish is very light but after applying 3 coats it looks exactly like it's advertised . looks great with jeans .
at alll . i was so dry and itchy after using . also the heavu fragrance in.there was also irritating . i would not recommend this .
loved this lipstain , unfortunately i left it opened i've night and it dried out but if definitely get this again .
i really like this . it has a heavy duty clip . it also seems to be well made.sincerely , mrs.rick
i really like this wash ... i was needing something new to cleanse my face with the added vitamin c . works fabulous !
i didn't feel the conditioner did anything for my hair . i saw it advertised and it sounded great but it justdoesn't do the job .
keeps even my fair skin hydrated and extreme color for a irish girl w freckles . no odor , recommend to everyone ! ! !
i'm not really good with these yet , so i don't have much to say , it works well though . uh yes .
these are exactlyblike the picture . love all the colors . they look great with any designs would definitely recommend this product
i use these all the time and i love them . great price , too . i only really needed the shortest one but it's nice to have extras .
bought as a gift and got it for a third of the instore price , shipped fast and no complaints here
these are so adorable . i love them i received them so fast and they are not too big not too small .
this looks extremely professional ! it's light weight , helps you stay really organized , and is so easy to carry around ! love it !
pretty good liner . heard its cheaper at target . my only problem is that it does run and the application brush should be a little more sturdy .
i love a beautiful flushed cheek - this palette has beautiful pinks and peaches that blend gorgeously on all skin tones .
the pencils are very hard and the product does not apply easily . other than that i guess it would be an okay product .
i love this gel . it creates a great hold for my edges . will be buying this product again . good buy .
arrived in excellent condition . full easy to understand directions included . product works as detailed when applied per directions .
i believe this is the best hair color out there for covering gray ; i've tried several products and love this one best .
love the colour , love the packaging , love the formula . love nyx black labels . i recommended i will repuchase it in other colours
i do love this product . i use it faithfully prior to the other product from l'oreal that follow . it's sudsy and feels nice on the skin .
not very long lasting - leaves pieces of the marker on you after awhile.could be designed better i think .
i personally like dove body wash better than olay ; it has a richer lather and doesn't dry out the skin . it's cheap through the subscribe and save !
i have lines when i smile so i thought i'd try multi correxion lift - - it took about a month then i couls see the improvement .
got this set for a nail art lover on my daughters teenage friend list . perfect size and cool packaging and just enough to try these neon colors out .
i like it ; s easy to aply it has a nice stick but i have to put two strokes because it is not soooo black
as always , dove's line of products for men delivers on what it has promised . the lotion is invigorating ( caffeine additive ? ) and soothing . excellent
my daughter loves this , it has helped with acne . smells great ! ! definitely have repurchased this product and i will again .
i've used this product for the last 15 + years to clear up blemishes . works fantastic in clearing blemishes and shrinking appearance of pores .
my girlfriend likes the scent , and the price was right . i like it well enough , but i'm secondary in the line of importance on this topic .
works best with round bottles of polish . it is adjustable , but a screwdriver is needed to tighten.works very well .
i love to use this lotion to accentuate muscle tone and make myself look more toned during the summer months . so glad i found this on amazon .
i like can you many times before you have to pitch it to the trash lol will order again great product ! and great price for 10 !
jury is still out but some change , slow . waiting to see.delivered on time , easy to open . i may try a second tube . ? ?
i just love the price , easy to use with the instructions . i have a perfect bun every time i use it . very happy with the product !
wow if you know how to use it and how to install you will be alright and the good thing is that the lights are with the package incredible .
very cooling . i am impressed , just the wrong shade . i used it for shading instead . my brush was moisted after using .
it is a great and nice colors . i love it so much . i rate this item as five star item . i love it .
i love these brushes ! they are so soft ! they spread my makeup well and they are very cute :d must tryso far no fall outs !
this is a great addition to anyone's makeup repertoire . love the various available colors and it applies easily and smoothly .
wore these today for the first time , they looked natural but yet not so natural my eyes didn't pop , my fiance loved them on me :)
it is what is said it was and look forward to working with them in my new makeup trunk and a good price .
not impressed . as the day progresses it gets a dry feel and look even though the gloss was repeatedly applied
my daughter seemed to like it . she itched a lot . i remember the lotion sometimes being too thick to pour out . again , okay for me .
lovely product saw results after just a few uses will continue to be a part of my skin regimen.it does the job
love how this cleanser feels on my face , very soft and silky , leaves your face hydrated . i still use almay makeup remover before hand .
an excellent brush for teasing hair . i used to use a teasing comb but this works so much better . i would definitely recommend this .
love this product ! ! ! i use it after i workout and wash my hair , and it takes out the tangles so easily ! ! !
bought these for halloween . it took me a couple tries with the glue but once you het them to stay , they stay !
i like because these can be considered disposable ... very inexpensive , so use once then toss - so no washing of these ... nice !
i'll never be without it ! feels like silk on hands and feet especially . besides being a great price , it's my new favorite thing !
i've used rock products for many years . i'm 62 but am told i look 32 ! try this luxurious night cream .
this gives nice volume . the little bit of fragrance is nice . i would recommend it . i will buy it again .
this is a great item for everyday use . i don't wear much makeup , but this is a must ! it really removes any shadows or dark circles .
it is such a great case . very very soft brushes but just because there soft doesn't mean that they cant intensify your face !
these brushes came nicely , but the case it was in sucks ! the case was torn black marks everywhere and it's just horrible .
the best in the world and i can only find it online . i hope they never stop making it or i would be lost .
great product , will keep buying and its much cheaper then in sephora store , the best eye shadow primer ive ever used .
great stamper . i haven't used it yet but i heard only good things about the konad stamper . can't wait to try it .
it is a great and nice color and perfect brush . i love it so much . i will always buy this l'oreal item .
great for a non profesional manicurist , i love this product because i can remove my gell in nails at home and i can do my own manicure.great products
all of there products are great . they can be interchangeable but diffently work best when they are all the same .
good quality , they stamp great so far . have done one full manicure so far and everyone loved it . happy :)
it's ok , i purchased to use for hair . i have not used it very much , i am still searching for best use ideas .
they come in 10 perfectly packaged should last a long time perfect for my business that i'm about to start
great colors to choose from . would make a great gift for any trendy girl . the price is amazing for all the different options you can choose from .
makes your lips feel so nice ! a definite must buy . fully moisturizes your lips and makes them feel so soft
obagi is a great line and provides great products . the clenziderm line is one of the very few products that work for me .
awesome brand and awesome color . i do not mess with crappy polish when it comes to doing my nails and always stick with opi .
i'm not in love with the scent but it's okay.it ' a very mature fragrance however it doesn't last throughout the day.the packaging is lovely nevertheless .
i loved the quality of the nail polishes but the gold is hard to fish from the bottle and it doesn't shine like you hope to be
i really like the way the rose hip seed oil feels on my face . i am trying to use more natural products and this works for me .
purple don't work , hasn't for a few months now , but every other color works . love these for easy curls with no heat
gives a nice color no horrible fake tan smell with a shimmery color upon application . would definitely reccomed if you use self tanner
have been using this for years . it's a great cleanser that doesn't leave your skin feeling stripped or caked with soap .
i love red's and this color was really nice . it stays on better then some colors i have purchased but i love shellac .
i was very pleased with this iron , easy to use and i love the results in just a short time .
love these . they work very well and of course they are just cute ! very useful for nail art work . .
this face scrub feels great while you are using it and my skin feels softer after using . i love it
i haven't been able to tell to much yet . it goes on well and i will keep using it for results .
blend better than hand and brush on face . it make my face very smooth and natural looking . i recommend for everyone .
gives me softer , smoother hair , isn't greasy or sticky and has a pleasant almost chocolate-like fragrance . definitely worth a try .
i used this to buff out all the scratches on my kid's favorite stuffed animal's eyes . it works great for that purpose . her eyes look brand new .
i was expecting something different , but i can still work with it and its a very natural look which was the reason why i got it !
the stamper , scraper , and disc holder all worked well . my only complaint is that the plate holder could hold the plate in better .
i got a great deal . these work better for nails . make sure you tap the lid first so they stay in the correct color tray
i love this shampoo , it did what i needed plus gives my hair anature shine , this i will get again .
i like it but for the prize i get you get what you pay for but its super cute i
sorry i bought it . i much prefer other brands , this simply didn't make the cut in performance . i'd avoid buying it .
my nephew loves this product since it eliminates the need for two or three different purchases . he really likes the fragrance and fresh feeling that is left behind .
lots of different colors and not mixed up or 1/4 full . way to go ! i wish all jewels came like this
my husband wears hearing aids , and this is a life saver . his ears become irritatedand very itchy , and this saves the day .
this wig head is a good wig head it holds your wig in place and the price was great i love this wig head i would reccomend it .
wowee , they're really cute and the ideas for nail art designs are just pouring in . really nice bundle for the price
love this brush . soft , fluffy and contoured just right . really nice for the price i paid @ amazon . would buy it again , highly recommended
really protects hands well ; worth the buckos . one two three four five six seven eight nine ten more words required
i really liked this shampoo , leaves my hair feeling very soft . lathers well and rinses clean . - no residue or weighing down my hair .
i've been using this as a night cream in combination with the dermalogica extra firming booster . it isn't oily or greasy and has resulted in a clearer complexion .
this is a deep purple with tons of shimmer . so pretty in the sunlight and it only takes two coats for full opacity .
i wish this color was a bit more solid rather than transparent . but it works well as a top color over a solid color .
this product does a very good job ; although once used it leaves the container messy , it removes the hair painlessly .
this is a great product.would recommend it to anyone.leaves hair soft and easy to manage.will continue you to use it .
i use this ( mixed with water and aloe vera juice ) to make my own moisturizer and it works super well !
you have to make sure you line your lips so it won't smear . but for the price you can't beat it
a cool way to add a colorful look to your hair , a little color would brighten your look and your day . a good buy for the price .
they were to theatrical and fake looking . too thick and fluffy . they were way over the top nothing that you can wear everyday . i trashed them .
the green , orange , and yellow goes on almost too light , you would have to do allot of layers . the pinks and blue go apply normally .
i am very happy with these pearls , they come in all sizes so you can find the perfect one for the nail art you are doing .
smells really good and but not sure of it moisturizing my face good because after i apply it my face still has dry spots
been using the cream as directions indicate have not seen any changes in my neck skin area or improvements . does smell great .
i read the reviews and bought this item . i still use it months later . it does not weigh my lashes down . luv it ! =)
makes my frizzy hair a lot softer and calmer , not greasy , smells nice , all-natural , and a little bit goes a long way .
very thin and cheap looking . i was expecting little better then that ... lets see how can i use this super thin pouch .
i would give this polish 2 1/2 stars because i received 12 polishes but they were duplicates so in essence i received two of six different colors very unhappy :(
i have dry hair and dry scalp , so using this conditioner 3-4 times a week keeps the scalp and hair moisturized and clean smelling .
i enjoy this product and i do believe it works ; however , the package i got smells like it is stale and old .
i have been using this for about 2 months now . i am starting to notice some new hair growth . i hope it continues !
this cellophane is great for the hair ! it gives color , texture , smoothness and it smells amazing ! have to repurchase this .
great tools for lots of use , and love love love how cool the colors are and i can use lots of flowers
this thing sucked ! used a total of two times and then the light wouldn't come on anymore after that . cheaply made piece of garbage very disappointed
i actually see no difference when i use this serum . i note that the label says , " pure , " but the first ingredient is water .
i use this every night . it removes everything including my waterproof mascara with no problem , and it doesn't bother my skin or eyes .
love this liquid eyeliner especially because it is in a pen form , easy too carry with , and easy too apply thankyou , jen
i love how it makes my skin so soft and even makes your lashes and brows grow ! ! ! will be getting more !
lucky you by lb 200ml 6.8 oz edt spray has a sweet scent . i liked it but my boyfriend thought it was just " ok " .
its ok i use brush to contour it does the job well but theres just something about it weird brush .
i love the opaque color , it is a thick consistency , but after a few months it got thick and clumpy .
in the store these are so expensive and i planed to never get any but seen these and i'm so happy ! ! sooooo much for your money !
smells really really good and makes your hair silky i love this product and how it looks also glad i bought this
these were purchase as gifts and both men like the coolness and smell they are not too strong and very inexpensive
it works well when you leave it on overnight . i would purchase it again because it you can see a difference in your skin .
i bought this for my husband . we both liked the scent . it is a high quality cologne at a great price . would recommend to all ages !
" highly recommend for all types of skin issues scars dark spots etc ... i use it at night on my face for an extra layer of moisture ... "
i received this is a bubble envelope and it was totally crushed with cream everywhere when i opened the package .
these brushes are super soft and eco-friendly . what's not to love ? they are a perfect additional to my makeup kit .
great product for cleaning , massaging and polishing face . i bought the model that has scrubbing heads for body and works great on elbows , knees , etc .
i got this cologne for my brother and he loves it so much he wears it everyday his girlfriend tried to streal it its really good
these are perfect for those spots where you don't have enough hair to hold on a longer rod or where there's not enough space for one .
this smells beautiful , love it ! the only thing is , it's too expensive . going to try another brand before buying this again .
it glides on great and lasts all day . i really love this eyeliner . i would def buy it again . a +
this is a very nice spray for everyday use ... a little goes a long way and it has staying power ! makes a nice gift too !
this body beauty soap smells great and fresh , just like flowers . i like it very much , although i have not started using it .
the sizes run slightly large but they are a good quality . easy to trim and easy to shape witch is nice .
i have tried all other brands and this one is my favorite ! a great taste and the most economical compared to others .
perfect for brows and gel liner . this is a staple for any of us make up savy ladies . pricing is wonderful as well .
this is a great soap to use for dry and itchy skin . it doesn't leave the wonderful scent like its body wash , but it moisturizes well .
definitely see an improvement in my acne scars and a new found smoothness in my cheeks . good stuffupdate : i've run out of this product and will repurchase !
this particular shade is a little too kid-makeupy for me . it's a really pinky raspberry shimmer . i look kind of clowny when i use it .
there are alot of good images here but you have to watch the sharp edges , and there are other quality issues too
this skin serum is wonderful ! i would never of used a serum product if it wasnt for this one !
this is a great product for severely dry chapped areas . i put it on lips and cuticles before going to bed . stays on and works overnight .
my sister loved it and there so smoothed out and i think there smart for travling if you travle or if you just like these brand i recomend it
husband does not like this , he said it flakes his hair even worse then it was . not a good dandruff shampoo
looks just like the picture and its super cute . it kinda gets stuck in my hair sometimes . but very good for the price .
very cheap and i will probably use all of these colors except for the black.there are peach colors , browns , sand colors , pinks , it's awesome
it smells ok , so i can put it on the scar in the morning and not worry about it smellingweird at work .
both of my kids have fine thick hair and i use this after we wash their hair for easy and painless brushing .
this is a pretty barrette , but it won't stay in my hair . pretty doesn't count for anything if i can't wear it . :(
i like how easy this goes on and how little you need for it to cover your whole face . it's light , too . i highly recommend this
i love this product ! you can tell a difference after the 1st wash especially if you use the silicon conditioner . love love love ! !
i love this stuff too . it leaves my skin moist and not tacky like some serums do . i would order it again .
helps my eyebrows grow back in but you have to continue using it or they go right back to being thin again .
protects nails and helps them grow . depending on daily activities it may be necessary to remiss and reapply before seven days .
the colors are spectacular , there are so many choices to choose from it is one of the best pallets i have ever used , 100 % amazing ! !
i like tis product , i reseve it on timei recommend it to my frindsi use it every day
these product does give you a glow , but it streaks . i actually threw it away since it wasn't worth returning .
great shampoo ! arrived on time and i use it regularly . the packaging was awesome : no spills or drips . plan to order this shampoo again .
girls are loving these . they are creating their own designs and people are asking for orders from them to make .
love these ! my favorite bows i have bought and they go quick in my salon . i am ordering more now .
i'm liking the low poo , but this conditioner does not detangle my hair . smells okay . not worth the price . i won't be buying it again .
great body brush , i use it for dry brushing and the detachable handle it great . reaches everywhere with ease and not too rough .
i really like this lip gloss . its kind of a vanilla flavor . i have very pale , rosey skin and i love the color .
one of the best products on the market to define curls ! must have for curly tops ! it's expensive and worth every penny .
i love this perfume . it's not too heavy , rather on the light side . but stays on throughout the day . i've gotten many compliments on it .
my favorite shampoo is another brand and 10x the price . this is the best , closest , and lest expensive option for comparison .
product was an anticipated . skin felt clean after use . didn't completely eliminate my blemishes but loved the way my skin looked & felt after use .
it's so good . i'm using it everyday . love it . next time want to try essencial eye kit . thank you so much
this oil does not prevent or even help with stretch marks . i used if faithfully and i still got them horribly .
i bought this and delivery came really quick ' , its pretty easy to put on . i will have to oder more when these r done . thanks
this is a good product . it seems to work well although i thought that it would help even out my skin more .
i absolutely love this scent ! it's quite strong and spicy but perfect for a beautiful , confident woman ! will definitely keep this on hand always !
you will feel re-fresh , it has a nice smell it makes you want to nap .
this is a great product if you have a bit of thick skin . my skin is super soft and using this makes it turn red .
hated it . i use eye lash primer and face primer from oiling . it still gave me the panda look . what a shame ...
this is very good product , and it's new , i love new things , i like this kind of product , i will buy it again
i strongly favor lotions that have good bronzers in them . this lotion is one of my many favorites . will continue to reorder .
love the variety of brushes , great for glitter application or doing nail art . really recommend for those who are into nail art .
i got this hoping my son would use it and that didn't happen . i've tried it once and my skin didn't like it .
gorgeous came early was small but perfect for at home nails looks exactly like the picture , will definitely order more if need be .
gorgeous deep navy color , beautifully saturated , easy to apply and lasts the longest for me without chipping . i'm an opi junkie .
i really havent used all of them but so far i like what i see ! they work pretty good i like to play them and it works really good
amazing product . it's crazy how well this works . it really does blur the lines on your face . almost like taking a pic with soft focus .
love the feel of my hair ... styles well with no fly away hair and seems to shine my hair up too !
my daughter loves to paint her nails , changes the color every other day ! she loves this stuff and it was a good price so i am happy :-)
my doctor recommended this make up for me and it is not only skin safe and comfortable to wear but also nice looking .
works great to quick dry my toenails and protect the polish longer than without it . also evens out any sloppy brush marks ...
these rhinestones are of very poor quality . they get cloudy once applied and clear is put on top . they are also smaller than i expected .
the size of this bags fit perfect in hands or footsvery easy to take off , work perfect when you use paraffin or just a mask
i love these and use them daily in my make up routine . my sister loves so i guess i know what i'm getting her for her birthday !
some of the brushes the bristles are falling out of them a lot . some i use more than others .
i got this product by mistake , so i don't have much to review about it . everything did go well with the order though .
these clippers have saved me from some very painful hang nails ! they are great quality and are easy to use .
the blush is much to shimmery . and its not a solid pink , it is swiriled with gold . also , it does not blend well .
does not last long and not as good as store-bought thickening mascaras . not remotely justified in its cost of effectiveness .
is not at all what you hear in the commercials , i have used it and will finishall , i will not buy this product again
i love the scent of this perfume , soft floral notes with almost a hint of citrus . this is my go to scent for date night .
i love this product , easily removes shellac gel polish , leaving your nails clean and ready to redo . i recomand it .
i haven't use them yet , but price wise they are good , i think they will work fine , i will buy again
bought this item for my niece and when she received it the blush was broken . they need to wrap this idem more securely .
i love how you have so many brushes that are soft in such a stylish case . fits in your purse or make up bag easily .
this went on with a bit of color then turned pastry . not sure if anyone else has had this issue .
it's ok , nothing to get too excited over . makes your lashes look good but doesn't last long . not much in the tube .
i love it . it's very pretty and this brand is just as good as gelish but half the price . i would definitely recommend it .
i absolutely love this brush . it's soft and it blends my foundation so much better than any other brush i've ever owned . shipped without a problem .
i remember using the pink enjoy that didn't suds . this one is great , cleans and is gentle and makes my hair smooth .
this product lives up to it's name . it's velvety smooth on my skin & helps my makeup last longer .
this arrived super fast and as my blow dryer had died , i've been using it since day one . nice product .
makes hair silkier - makes hair shinier and softer - is best for long hair and can be used on dry or wet hair -
not a good option for beginners for surei heard many good things about this product but i was disappointednot easy to apply and it smudgesi guess it needs practice
i use this as eyebrow gel and have for years . i have never tried it as clear mascara . love the stuff !
because the package was open and there was not 100 of them enclosed . package was open and short on quantity .
this mask helps clear up my blackheads which i love since blackheads are a constant struggle for me . it has a very pleasant smell as well .
i love these jars because i make my face / body mixes and store them for travel or vacation . durable and sturdy !
great for detail work . very easy to use and handle . love the different sizes . would recommend for beginners doing nail art .
i was really hopingthese would do the job.they don't . not worth the money . not the sellers fault , that part was fine .
a bit tricky to use at first . once you get the just of it . it works and it kinda like threading or tweezers .
great product ! wish i'd ordered it a long time ago . we have the adult sized clippers and these work just as well .
loved it , it brightens the skin , and makes a good look , makes the skin look dry and fresh . i recomend
well let me just say i love this product ! , i use it to contour my face and it's great ! i will be repurchasing this product .
it work nicely burns through battery's but that's to be expected and the tips fall out sometimes but for the price its completely worth .
affordable , and a great variety of colors for you to mix and match and create all different kinds of looks .. some cool and some warm colors ...
it was a simple to use product . super easy to use . it is just what it describes . large specific designs .
this is pretty but it needs 3 apps to not be see through . i love the brand , but didnt particularly like this color .
this item was extremely cheap , and worth every penny ! i have used these every day and i love the containers the stones come in .
i brought it for me it has a very clean and fresh scent to it . not overbearing like most male fragrances .
really enjoyed these ! also they can be re-used a time or two ! ! :d worked and felt great , much better if kept in fridge as well !
another quality aveeno product ! nice scrub without being too abrasive . nice mild scent , and a little goes a long way .
it's nothing to write home about , the handle and overall construction is cheap , but the bristles work fine for gel liner .
great value for such a big bottle . makes the top gel last much longer . love it ! a must have for any gel nails !
if your scalp itchy and flaky , use this and it will be all cured . it works for me and my wife .
i have given meaningful beauty products a try . it just doesn't seem like a beauty line for me.may be because i am a loyal fan of philosophy .
i usually use anastasia brow powder i am on a budget and bought this instead and am very pleased with it .
this is a very good cream for your eyes and it is non irritating . some what costly , but cheaper is not always better .
i really like this stuff use it every night and at a good price keeps my skin looking better then it did thanks amazon !
havent arived yet wishing thay have its 11/14 / 13 and not here yet kinda frustrated but ill live but love the look in the pick
works well , nice and sharp . good quality , great size . i initially got it to cut my eyebrows but now use it for bangs .
i like that it's rich . i've been applying on my forehead , and have seen minimal results .
its a strong perfume and smell is good . it last for hours and i like it . its worth for the money .
this feels great when using it . i have not used it enough to see the full effect it will have on my face .
great concealer but again it was to light for my complexion .. i'm having issue finding the right color for me
first time doing shellac / gel nails myself , pretty easy to understand , wish the bottles were larger though . they were more at sophora though .
i liked it okay but the color is way too dark for my skin color . a common problem for me .
i absolutely love this flat iron . i have been looking for a flat iron that can handle my thick roots . this iron is the business !
just started using this product . not seeing many results yet but i will keep you posted as time goes by
love the makeup and the name brand i like how it apply on the face love the fact how fast i received it . thank you
makes my skin feel very clean and soft . i mix it with rose water and put on my face until it dries and then wash it off .
i chose this rating for the name and for the ingredients listed in this product . i've used it before and liked it very much .
good product at a great price . shipped in a reasonable amount of time . i plan on purchasing this product again .
it's a perfect pallet for creating the smokey eye shadow look . i don't use it everyday but i love it for a night out . thumbs up .
no english instructions , small pictures . could not figure out how to use and make hair look good . it is not like pictured .
i love this robathol oil ! it makes my skin soo soft ! it even got the husk off my dry feet ! i have pretty feet now !
it's very big , but i like it . x x x x xc xc xc xc xc xc cx xx x
i love it . will buy again ! although it is a bit drying . it might not be a good everyday use .
makes my skin very soft and is now starting to plump up the fine lines i have ( after a month of using )
i love the fact that the ingredients are mostly natural.but i have to use a lot to barely get my hair clean
this eyeliner is really great . thin applier , the lasting is great too . the only thing i would change its that could be waterproof .
need to give this product more time to work . so far , i've been using it for 2 weeks and really don't see a change .
dry and scratchy , i may have to heat it up before i try to use it again . colors are nice
this happens to be my favorite brush set . i love them . they work perfectly and they also clean very easily ! great product ! :]
the smell is awesome . but as for as the paste goes , it really doesn't hold at all . more just for smell . lol .
for the price these are , its and amazing set ! it comes with so many varieties and i can do so much with these !
awesome shampoo ! it left my hair feeling soft and smooth . also its safe for color treated hair and didn't strip the color out . will buy again !
wow , i used this with my clarisonic body brush and my skin looks and feels amazing . my husband loves it .
perfect foundation brush ! ! amazing quality brush for unbeatable price ! i will recommend to everyone and will order more similar products immediately !
i was afraid of color but wet n wild is helping me see the light . quality as great or maybe greater than mac ... don't be duped
love alba , love this gel , love this scent . i will buy again and again . and you will love it too !
this product cleans the oils on my scalp & extends periods between washing.also , when i do shampoo it helps to clean scalp quicker & with less scrubbing
i use this daily after i swim and it removes all the chlorine smell and feel . i just adore it !
this is great for people who have eyebrows that are not so full ... it covers well ... easy to mix and apply and works quickly
i want this item ... im adding this to my wish list for x-mas . i love the cosmetics so i need to carry them in style .
works very well and makes my eyes look a lot bigger and more open . great for a nice sunny summer look .
i love the olay products ! ! it moisturize and protects against the elements . you cant go wrong because the prize is perfect .
i love this product very much ! so versatile not just for nail use but many things ! i will definitely buy again !
its a great primer , i wish it would be biggerbur it gives a great surface tu the skinthis line of maybelline its really good
i have used these for years and they are just the best . takes off make up , but most importantly you can feel your pores getting clean .
these are great brushes for the money . they do detail and larger designs . fun for me and my daughter to play with .
use of natural oils on the skin is something i do rather than use commercially processed chemicals and lotions . i like this one .
i love this product . it's the only nail system that has made my nails grow and strength the nails as well .
this did not work at all like the nail tek . it seemed old and thick . i will definitely not purchase again .
it goes on smooth and shiny . could be used on top of another lipstick or alone . i recommend this product !
i got these in today and they look so cute .. can not wait to use them .. my customers will love them
the consistency makes it hard to apply evenly , you have to really rub it in to make it look decent enough .
omg so fun i have done so many different designs love all the different sizes - only thing i think would be easier to handle if not so thick
this nail polish is pretty good , but is not as thick or as sparkly as the images and reviews might suggest .
this contains a bunch of soy , weird coating , and most importantly , did nothing for my hair . try the phyto supps .
i use very lightly . i have had a few compliments . i love the fragrance . just don't over spray . too much makes it too strong .
i have very sensitive skin . this product is very creamy and not at all irritating . i use it alternately with a aloe product .
great straightener ! i love how quickly it warms up and how it beeps when it's at the right temperature just like an oven .
i took it to europe because we only took carry ons . it was ok , but i wouldn't use it routinely at home .
these made stright lines on my nails so easy . they are easy to use anc a great deal on the price as well .
great quality , gorgeous bright orange color , which is rare to find as a cream eye shadow even in high end products .
i never try blonde hair so i'll give it a go at it hope that it works well with good results
decent formula on this one and lovely fall color , it took a few topcoats to shine but it is still nice
very nice . my daughter loved this . will buy again . she was pleasantly surprised . enjoyable smell . luxory in a bottle and all that .
nothing wrong with the product ... but nothing special either . if i did purchase again , i would just get it at the grocery store .
this product left my kinky and coily hair hard . i would not buy this again . over prices and not worth the expense .
love this product ! gives great texture for my chin length fine hair . sad it is being discontinued . kind of oricey , but lasts a long time !
my husbands says its like someone vomited on my nails , but anyway strange color , no one likes but for me nice
very useful tool , be careful not to cut into your nail . i use the large end often , small is tighter radius edge .
this product is so light and makes my skin feel and look more refreshed . it's also much less expensive than most anti-aging products .
some really nice designs . not all of these plates have nice patterns , but most of the designs are nice and new .
smells wonderful , tames my sometimes frizzy fly away hair . helps to naturally style my naturally curly hair into uniform curls that are very flattering . highly recomend
smells good , thats about it . i have a sensitive scalp but my sister doesn't . this shampoo left the same burning affect on our scalp
loved using , this polish , made especially , for nail stamping , with my konad stamping plates.easy application , right consistencydefinitely , will be purchasing more .
but i have every confidence it will be just as effectiveon me as it has been on all the other customers who rated it highly .
cute and fashionable . i got a lot of compliments from many people . just make sure to put a top coat or it will change colors quick .
i like this product . it looks exactly as pictured . the price is awesome . many little glitter for nails and whatever . you should try it .
this shimmering color is just beautiful . i have had problems finding it in stores . i was happy to find it on hered
i use on my face everyday for over 6 years and i wouldn't use anything else leaves my face filling fresh not greasy
i mix this with my sunscreen on my legs and i love the soft results . sounds odd , but it makes my legs silk soft .
it's not super lengthening , but for less toxic mascara , i give it a good rating . also really like their concealer .
seems to be working - my hair is actually over-moisturized to the point where i've had to up my protein treatment .
this products is wonderful . it leaves my hair feeling very soft and detangled . i use it for my co-wash thouhg out the week . it's great .
this treatment works very well . not oily on the skin . regular user and repeat buyer . so it's good for us .
i personally loved this product . it made my bleach blonde look very shiny , my hair was soft , and i actually really like the way it smells .
these work okay i actually put the saturated cotton in the tip then put it on worked great for soak off gel nail polish
i used this brush to tease my hair for halloween . did its job as i was a " mad scientist " . i am pleased with this purchase .
my husband loves this lipstick - it does glitter ! lasts well and is a great color of red - no orange .
love this brush it makes my foundation look smooth and even , and not cakey i just love this product ..
my sister likes to use this and say it smells good . she says it makes her hands soft after she has been cleaning
way to sheer . had to use 4 coats and still didn't look like the bottle ! but other then that it's beautiful .
nice and light ! feels great on the skin ! one of my new fave products !
this is gentle enough for my child to use in the bath each night . i order the lavender kind also .
i love this mane n tail shampoo . it is the best mane n tale shampoo . it smells great and leaves your hair so soft and thick feeling .
it gives u an extra hand when polishing your nails and it makes a big difference . love it and highly recommend it
i used this to clean my face and around my monroe piercing this really works well for both i would recommend .
really great product for the price.does the job . just be lenient when applying because it will become difficult to blend
i have noticed a difference while using this product on my eyes . i use it at night and very lightly in the mornings under my make up .
this made my skin so greasy and shiny , in addition to not helping my acne at all ! so very disappointed .
very nice natural lashes . a little harder to apply but very natural . i will buy 6 more right away . you can't beat this deal
this i a good product . it keeps the skin very soft for a long time . for at least 24 hours
i'm not sure if it's working to diminish my scarring but it's certainly making my face nice and soft . it's earned it's title .
i don't remember if the description said these were for synthetic nails but they didn't work very well on my natural nails .
these big bobby pins are great for long , thick hair like mine . a good choice as an add-on item for shipping .
i use these to remove my eye makeup and also to clean up little " accidents " when getting ready . work perfectly and are pretty cheap !
got very sensitiv skin but this powder goes on nice with the lotion ... like the way it makes me glow ! thanks
sounded like a great idea ... but ... doesn't work any better then others.and the brush kept coming off . don't get it .
its big and really good . my shaving and all other stuff comes in it very nice . it was worth the purchase .
i love how soft this brush is and how easy it makes my application of eyeshadow . love this product very much !
i like it , my children too , i am just not sure if the fluoride contained is high or it is just fine , check that before
love the jewels they will be one of my favorites to use on my nails . they are so glamorous when done with the white jewels .
i used my cousin's and i fell in love ! ! ! no more paying an extra $ 7 at the nail salon ! ! must have ! ! !
product is sturdy and does what it's supposed to . be gentle putting it together-you don't want the pieces to snap / break .
nothing special to say here but it was relatively cheap and quality is ok . would buy again . perfect size for thin shoulder lenght hair .
a very useful product at a great price . good service . a must for people who suffer from scalp issues as a way to find relief .
i realized after i ordered this that i paid too much ! go to walmart if you really want this stuff ! ! the product itself is great though !
the wait cun many cravings and luckily arrived in perfect condition , is a product of very good quality as i imagined . re like me . thanks
this color washes me out but with a liner it's okay.this lipstick is very dark and works with a lip linner
color match was perfect but formula was greasy for my combo skin . dry skin people will benefit more on this bb cream .
definetly recommend . brushes are well made . i use them for personal use and i'm very satisfied with my purchase . recommend .
this color is divine ... it is so beautiful and shellac is so easy to remove . it only takes less than ten minutes to soak off .
this brand of phytoceramides i find to be the best . for the price the value and the results you get this brand i like the most !
i've used this brand all of my life and seem to have a hard time finding them in stores . still the best .
i already loved the product just glad i can get it in an 80 ounce tub ! ! ! :) i will order again .
when i first tried this i did not like it , i finally gave it another shot and its amazing . great for highlighting
i wish it had a more curved handle for when you want to use it on your back , but other than that , it's great !
very effective for warp styles and keeping hair in place when doign my housework or when goign to sleep at night . retains moisture well .
i think the price is reasonable and it makes my skin so soft . i love the scent of shea butter .
i bought this at target for only $ 1 and i loved it . it make my skin glow and doesn't make it oily .
love how it's rich without being greasy and how it nourishes my skin . the scent is light and sex-neutral . would recommend it !
i love them they are so cute . ! ! ! i got hello kitty . la and channel thankz . will order more when i need them again .
my favorite skin care product for the past 5 months now . quit an improvement . will continue to use as long as the price remains reasonable .
i love this cologne for women . i've gotten alot of compliments on how nice it smells on me . i am definitely purchasing more .
not a good buy . i ended up giving it to a friend this did not work for me .. hated it =(
i purchased this because of the great reviews and it didn't disappoint ! i saw improvement in my under eye area after the first use !
great protection for all the work put into your eyes , great for use of blending falsies with real lashes.good item
perfect for make up removal including eye make up . doesn't dry out skin and leaves it feeling clean and polished
glues quick and dries fast and good price does the same work as crazy glue but cheaper lol get a deal
for $ 36 you will get all of this colors and the colors are great , i cannot even believe it . try and get this palette .
i just got this and have used it 3 times . i like the look and feel of it and cannot see it on my face .
this performs well and at this price , you get a big bottle that should last quite a long time . recommended !
this clip is absolutely beautiful & the colors are so vibrant ! i love it & would highly recommend it :)
these work very well and were a great price for a packa of 10 , you cant go wrong buying these !
very beautiful can't wait to use them on my nails . they're a perfect size and would recomend them to all nail gurus .
you can see and feel that it's working . easy to use too . after a few times you'll get the hang of it .
everyone woman who loves make-up needs this color ! don't be duped by mac or anyone else into thinking they are the only thing out there !
i love this color but unfortunately revlon has discontinued this lipstick so i search wherever i can find it . it lasts a very long time without reapplication .
i heard a lot of positive reviews before buying this product . i use it in the morning before applying makeup . it does not dry my face .
i used to use cheap clippers and after getting these , i will never go back as i now see the quality of cut and build .
i am not as impressed with this file after using it a few times . i don't think the quality is as good as others i have used .
i love this bag and it arrived early . for the money it is a great summer bag . i would reccomnd it .
this mascara is great ! does not clump , makes my lashes look longer , and is a great price . would buy again !
received them before time , and they were gorgeous . the box was a bit bent but they were not affected . i would order from them again .
this brush is perfect ! every girl needs it to draw a cat eye . it draws the line perfectly and easily , really awesome <3
this oil is extremely great but for my natural hair sisters . can't go wrong and love it . . great purchase will definitely buy again .
liked it for after the tca peel . not as much for after the lactic peel ... but that is just my personal opinion .
i am hooked on these things . i love the shape of the sponge and the soap is really good . this thing last a lon time .
i think this project is great for the hair because it locks in lots of moisture and softness and the smell is great .
thought this would be good for face , but doesn't do anything , so as not to waste it , am using it on my hands .
it was much smaller than i had anticipated . but i guess that's a good thing ? very portable . the colors are nice , shiny and sparklely .
great product . leaves skin nice and smooth after a 15 min bath . easy to use . another great product for sensitive skin .
have had this for a while , works great and even after a year i have not had to change the bulbs . great price and fast shipping !
this color is a little darker and more sparkly than i had anticipated , but it's a good product . i probably would repurchase in another color .
i am not picky about brand and this was on sale . it works well and i would buy it again if it was at a good price .
very pretty and doesn't take up all the space on a short nail . looks better over darker colors , but that's just an opinion
the only thing is you should buy more than one if you are planning on doing a complete manicure with one color as the packages are small
i don't have enough hair to use these . my hair is fine . these probably would work for a person who had really think hair .
very gentle on the skin , yet cleans well and refreshes . i would highly recommend to anyone regardless of skin type !
there is nothing special about this conditioner . you might as well use mayonaise in your hair . this product is not necessary for anyone .
buy itdidnt like itcame off half way through the night ( like 3 hrs in ) not worth it :(
well this is fun to use ! did it make a difference ? no , not really ... this is ok i guess . smells good .
love love love this brush ! ! ! i use it to put on my foundation and seems to go on almost flawless . soft brush , washes nice .
really does help nailpolish stick alot longer .. i dont do my manicure without this . i love it buy it its worth it
the smell is fine . i couldn't wear it anymore , it reminded me too much of the time when i wore it when it came out
i usually use it when i sleep at noon ， i use it about 20 minutes . and i actually did not find its effects .
after losing scissors on travel , i decided to stop spending a lot on them . these are fine for travel . at home i use more expensive cutters .
it's a nice color but its hard to get it onto my makeup brush and then on my face . it kinds of hardens after a couple brush strokes .
great little tool and my client was happy to have one of her own . it came quickly and the price was right .
for me , it just wasn't purple enough . i bought this and the burgundy , and they both were very similar in color .
stain is decent and color is perfect . however sephora stain last longer . but this one comes with free liner and looks great alone !
this product came just as it was described so i'm happy about that . the only downside is that it took almost a month to get it !
really nice balm that is not greasy at all ! i would recommend this to anyone who washes his / her hands a lot .
this came pretty quick . its small i may order more cuz you can use them for different things when u do your nails thanks
so much better than thick liquid stuff . goes on very nice over the primer and lasts all day . best price i have found , will buy more !
love love love love this tanning lotion , not orange-yyy or patchy at all , looks so natural and smells ok just like any other tanning lotion
initially impressed by the clean , pleasant smell , but product did not improve my skin any more than much less expensive , simple moisturizers .
the quality isnt that great , i think i used it once . its just okay . much better thinks from the drugstore honestly
great wig cap , stretches , blends , although it does get a little hot , and slips down , but great for the price .
these are so pretty ! makes even an old broad like me feel like a princess .
it's a nice , light weigh toner that feels fantastic ! bonus ... its smells absolutely wonderful ! i can't say enough good things about this !
very soft . the color does not run out when washing . the powder brush is large , which i love . all of the brushes are labeled .
it's stinky and was very greasy and felt really gross on your face . tumeric is great for clear skin , but maybe try a different product
i definitely have enjoyed the savings from doing my own gel nails . it takes a bit of practice to get skilled at it , but it's worth it .
i use this product daily . it works okay , but the amount is too small for the price . i have used other concealersthat are as good .
it is a nice product , but i just feel that the product is not as " wow " than i have expected .
i have completely damaged hair and i use the coconit oil every night before sleeping and i wash my hair next day morning and find it very soft .
i bought this for shingles but it didn't work . it makes a great face cleanser.it makes a great face cleanser .
leaves my face soft and moisturized . i use retin a every other night and my skin can get very dry . this is amazing .
this is a good spray for pre blow drying and flat ironing protection . i love the smell . i also use their shampoos . would def recommend .
i did receive this product for free but that does not mean that my review is biased . i love this product ! my skin is so smooth !
i have processed curly / wavy long hair . i highlight my hair and it's frizzy . this product didn't work any miracle . it's okay .
this is a great tool to have to get the puss out of pimples without actually popping them which causes irritation .
i like this serum because it makes my face feel so soft and smooth for hours after applying it to my face .
it is honestly not worth the money . after one use , i would rather stick with my regular manual eyelash curler .
very soft brush for a sensitive skin . clean gently your skin . is come by two the color are white and black . the shipping are fast.great product .
i haven't used them because the beads on the gloves i feel are very huge so i gave them to my sister she likes them .
i like this soap , it doesn't help my psoriasis , but i know it's better than other soaps out therei will buy again , and i would recommend .
i thought they would b a lil bigger but it's ok because i only do my nails so i dont need a large amount of the liquid or the powder
i'm sure i'm not the only one but i use these to clean my ears with , even though the labeling tells you not to . just be careful !
i love this nail color ... always get compllments on it ... my absolute favorite ! ! great service too . this color works anytime of the year .
beautiful metal clip with lovely stones . arrived quickly and undamaged . i would happily order again.similar hair clips cost at least ten times more in my area .
exactly like the ones i had in makeup class . they work , without being flimsy . what more can i ask for ?
i like the way these hold and they seem to work very well . i like the texture of the hairbands .
this product is great , it lasted the whole 24hrs if not longer even slept with them in and did not fall off
too small for my head , it hurts to wear this . i would just get one from the store instead . wayy too tight on my head .
it is exactly what was described . worked good in my hair . it did worked . it stays a lot lot longer .
é a maquiagem do momento , segundo a pessoa que me fez o pedido . várias opes de cores e é um excelente presente .
i love this for the volume it produces . great mascara and got here quickly . one of my favs for sure .
great , wonderful wig for the value . it's really soft and shiny . it was for a cosplay project my niece had and she just loved it !
i think i like this scent better than my wife ! not overpowering but will last for hours . cant go wrong with elizabeth arden perfumes ..
this is a beatiful color very happy with my purchase and this did last for me 10 days chip free
love this product ... works for pink & yellow undertones . perfect for a glamour look with black winged liner . have fun trying different looks !
soft but firm hairs , i can design great with these and the price is right , only paid a dollar total
it covers real nice . it lasts a long time . i would highly suggest this item for anyone looking for face makeup
really nice spring time color . i use this with fashion playground as an accent nail or vice versa . i've gotten many compliments on these two colors .
i am very satisfied with these plates . the images are unique and crisp . i would recommend these plates to everyone .
this brush works great , but has a peculiar rubber-like smell . if you have a sensitive nose i wouldn't recommend this brush .
i really didnt see the effet in the nail polish .. maybe i need another one ? sooo mad that i didnt get the effect
this lotion didn't seem to firm like some of the others i have tried ; however , it smells good and works fine as a moisturizer .
caused break-outs after the first use . i guess it makes a good body moisturizer . waste of money . will not buy again .
use every day . it's a perk me up for my hair ! it's light , brings my curls back in an easy to apply spray bottle .
seriously i'm able to save so much money with this set ! i can have gorgeous nails that lasts for weeks at home now . the colors are so beautiful
this product is okay , but doesn't seem to moisturize my face as it should , but for someone with an oiler complexion , this would work okay .
i bought these to use in card making . i have plastic bubbles and i want to use theses as snow globes . it's kinda hard to explain .
i love it . great mascara ! i recommend to those who like thick eyelashes . it is great for everyday use . it washes off great as well .
good value . i love these eye masks . they are good to use right before events or pictures , etc .
love this red shows up great works well would definitely recommend i love konad got here on time as well
i tried this colon just now because i'm going out tonight and i love the smell this colon is really good amazon rules
i trick people into thinking i have a taco when it is in fact where i keep my sunglasses in my car . lol
the only thing i would recommend is that you use a plastic ė grift card instead of the metal b / c the metal can scratch the image plates
love this nail strengthener . really noticed a difference when using . can be used under polish or alone for a subtle sheen .
should only need a small amount . works great and best at the ends of your hair . even better with the oil infused comb .
item shipped quickly and the quality of it is as expected and i would buy it again deff recomend the subscription
creamy , moisturizing , smells and tastes like a watermelon indeed ! ! i will upload a picture of this sweet color . it is just amazing
i haven't used it yet although i thought they were a bit smaller than i thought but i don't regret my purchases
this are gifts and i know they will enjoyed them as much as me . very cute and petite love the wheel .
this foundation makes my skin looks great . it does not make me look cakey . it also blends with the skin color very well . excellent foundation .
this is my favorite curl cream . it makes my natural curly hair soft and gives my hair plenty if moisture .
i did not like this product . it was in a " raw " form and i was not able to use it and had to return it
i use this when i make my homemade deodorant . it smells great , it melts easily , and the texture is very smooth .
this is a great cream that seems to lessen the visibility of wrinkles and leaves your skin feeling soft and smooth .
i love this dotting pens . every size i need was included and i get so many complements on my marbleized nail art .
these are quite small , and i can't seem to not destroy loofahs , but they work pretty well . thanks :) :)
works great , a little drying on its own . but should be using some sort of moisturizer anyways . good price and good on skin .
i dont know how she liked it , it was for her daughter ... so i can't really say how did it go ...
these are great little clips for you hair , however the teeth break pretty easily and so you'll go through them quickly if you use them often .
great for sculpting . i'd purchase them again and recommend them to others . i'm happy with their price and performance . like it .
if you are a new make up artist this is the best brushes to use . they wash very well and are very strong . i love soft brushes
i like the price and i am enjoying it.my first kabuki brush , it seems to serving its purpose . i will probably try other products from this line .
i tried this product for the first time . it works best with thick curly hair rather than with thin hair .
i used this shampoo awhile back really don't know why i stopped but it is a great shampoo and leaves your hair soft shinny and smells great
fast shipping and are very professional very good brushes make beautiful lines and easy to wash and work smoothly ! very good product ! i'd definitley recommend this product !
this product doesn't work with my body chemistry :( i know lots of people that love it but it's just another base coat for me .
hated this color ! was not for me .. much more mauve then you see in the picture . just a warning it's not a shimmery pink ..
bought this for my bf . he was too embarrassed to buy it . he loves it ! works for me too :)
this is one of the best image plates i've ever received from konad ! it works great and the results look very professionally done
i love opi nail polish and this color did not disappoint . it is very rich in color and gets a lot of compliments .
i think burt's bees changed their ingredients . the night cream does not provide the moisture that it once did . it was excellent . now it is adequate .
i use this product in combination of other products to make a hair grease that keeps my hair soft and moisturized . i would recommend this product to everyone
such a great spring and summer color . it come out a little thin so you made need a few coats but otherwise it is a great color .
my daughter use roc products since were recommended and she loves this brand . she uses night , day and eyes products .
the smell is so bad , worse than rotten food ! does leave hair soft ! i won't buy again due to the smell .
loved how it added length and thickness to my lashes ! love this product ! the eye liner stays on all dat dont fade like other brands .
i'm still perfecting just how much i need before my hair gets " dirty " within 1/2 a day . more is not better with this whip .
thank you ! that is very quick ! and i like the smell of it . plus this hair spray is very strong hold for humid weather of florida .
it seems like it should work like the original , but it is so thin and cheaply made , that the loop ripped after the first use .
i never want to lose this number ! you can ` t get this price in america , the clips are worth it ! they do their job .
this palette is awesome . i love the colors and they're great to blend together . it just like coastal scents but cheaper .
2011 summer new collection rio neon by harmony gelish uv soak offgood product , nice color , easy to use ; dry fast under uv light .
the poroduct is good and i really love the way it looks , so i will probably buy more of these .
by far my favorite body shampoo by soap and glory ... smells just like their hand food hand cream and the scent last and lathers great ...
i buy the big one 6.7 oz for my son he can always smell good for me and his wife truely loves it too ... never a disappointment for sure
best clippers i have ever used ! bought two more for my husbands toiletry case and one for my own that we travel with .
the clippers aren't the best .. but they do the job . the tools work well , such a good deal for the 3 items ! good purchase .
very full look lashes . very durable ! i like how the lashes tapers from short to long at the outer edges .
bought this for my fiancée . he likes it very much . he likes the soft bristles . build quality is very good .
this is a very good product for a great price . huge disks which i cut in half when i use it .
great product massage oil . makes my skin soft and silky . great for my feet and cracked heals . great for all over .
i absolutely love this scent . it is great for daytime use , but also a night on the town . absolutely fantastic ! !
can't wait to try it on for spring . i love essie polishes and this one is beautiful . happy with the purchase .
i love essie nail polish and new unusual colors . this is one color i had to toss . evan my daughter wouldn't wear it .
i really like how this brush works without streaking my face up . also , i've had no hairs fall out of it which is a major plus .
i love thes shadows as they are very vibrant and beautiful , lots of colors to mix and match and they go on nice .
cleared up my itchy red dry skin very quickly . not greasy . my sister is a doctor and i gave some to her . she liked it tool .
red cherry lashes are by far the best lashes that i've ever tried , and i will definitely be purchasing more of them .
this seems to be working well on my skin . the cleanser is good and the skin looks polished and smooth . i will be buying refills .
my second order . i started taking this after reading about vitamin d and the low levels i had been receiving from my pcp .
i never saw anything happen with my hair .. so idk ... it does smell nice though , & it's not greasy ..
it's great to put in any way and you can try different styles using it and develop your own technique .
too faced makes a great product , this bronzer just wasn't right for my olive skin tone . it seemed much more like a pink blush then a bronzer .
these are amazing . they dont hurt . theyre gentle . they work wonderful and they arent cheaply made in the least . theyre heavy enough to handle
always purchase this and other products made by this company very well reseached and does work on acne no scars
this product is horrible , even my best polish starts peeling pretty much right away , worst base ever ! ! don't waste your money !
this particular plate i have been wanting for a while . it has great detailed designs . i look forward to using this plate closer to spring .
i am a china glaze junkie . there nail polish is amazing . this color is simply beautiful , so many compliments ! a must for spring .
very happy this these . they are quality and do not fall apart like the cheaper sponges do . they blend my foundation well without absorbing all the product .
love my plate ... it was perfect for the holidays ... every week , i got to do my nails with a different picture of christmas ... love it ...
very nice colors ! the browns are really pretty for an everyday look ! i use it all the time ! deff recommend
it seems to do what it is suppose to do . this was my first time using pure shea butter and this has worked well .
they are lovely , the box is lovely , the colors are awesome , and i can use it all day , never slide
very easy to put on and great sizes for each nail and i can decorate and polish easily and good
my parents used to use this shampoo on my sister and me all of the time , it's a nice smelling shampoo .. i would reccomend it
even better product . amazing customer service . works great and cleans easily . used on pedicures and acrylic false nails . would oder again and recommend
this has way more designs than i could use . good thing it was for my daughter and she is loving the many many options for designs and sizes .
although i did not spend much on this product , i thought it was extremely weak . the liner was thin and did not apply black , but translucent .
beautiful ! came pre curled and has about five to six clips . it is a large clip in . it is perfect for me !
the gold brushes are for your face , such as blush , bronzer or finishing powder . i love the color coded brushes by real techniques !
this nail polish does it's job ! goes on first , keeps my nails from turning yellow.not too expensive and easy to apply
these are so easy to use that a child could use them . they work great and are so easy to use
i loved loved herthe soap . i am sure i will shop with you in the future . love the products . great
leaves you so clean and soft , we have since ordered so many more and everyone in the house loves it .
sturdy , easy to clean , removable bristles ... all at a great cost ! thank you so much !
perfect for my wig , so glad i bought the head . much better than other head stands that i have seen an bought .
i love these lashes , i enjoy wearing them and there comfortable ! great for everyday or a girls night out i am ordering more !
great for cutting false nails . i use it a lot and it is cutting nails sharply leaving no " fluffy " edges on nails . nice color too :)
this works well on dry skin and other skin problems . my daughter used it for hives and recommended it to me .
yes my skin feels soft . i don't have wrinkle issues but i m using it as a preventative measure . i will not buy again .
i use it every day for past 4 months i've had it ... i really like is and drying time of my hair is so much shorter !
i prefer the body buf-puf for my face as this is much gentler than what i had even though i'm sure dermatologists would recommend a much softer scrub .
magnets aren't great polish is good , but wow do they smell . very pretty and only need maybe 1 coat sometimes 2 depending on the 1st swipe .
i like it :) looks just as described and has very soft bristles . made my skin a bit softer after just one use . i would recommend buying .
these make filling acrylics a breeze ! they work with acrylic or gel and make my life easier at the salon .
this brush set is perfect for beginners to begin experimenting with foundation , blush , concealer , powder brushes . am very pleased with this purchase .
beautifulvery wonderful and easy to usesuitable for day and evening , and high-qualityi advise all women to use
i got this to get rid of calluses on the balls of my feet . helping to keep the calluses at bay but hasn't totally handled yet .
again i love anything pink and this is soooo pretty , fits make up brushes and it has a mirror how convenient !
i havent used these yet but the color is awesome and just as expected . cant wait to use them ! <3
for the price i am not going to complain , but the pictures aren't all that good on lot of these but still cute and my daughter likes them
i thought it would be a little bigger when it came in however it's a good product and looks great !
these are a good deal . they work well to make different designs on your nails . shipping time wasn't too bad
color is way too black , not mixed wel in container , messy , discolors fabrics , don't recommend this except for possible halloween contume product ,
you know that awful old-lady smell that gags you every time you're in any store or a group of people ... yep , this is it !
noxzema is a great product . i love the smell and the cool feeling you get when applying it . a well known , proven product .
i love this color . no curing issues even with the dark color . i love to apply water field over it to give it a bigger sparkle !
this is a bit brighter and much more beautiful than pictured . it is similar to opis " not really a waitress " shade .
ecotools is a brand i really trust . this blush brush is great for applying blush , bronzer , and illuminator . very soft , luxurious brush .
a perfect green for the holidays ! especially for christmas tree nail art . the formula is great too . a thin layer is plenty
the fur is soft.the handle is so comfortable to use . i love it very much.the package is good . the size is fit for foundation .
they work just fine , i am not sure why i am reviewing a replacement but they seem to require this .
it really gives me a fantastic tan . it is best to use it after my shower or bath when my skin starts to cool down .
it makes my skin rly dry ... so disappointedi just order other brand's product and literally waste money for this one
this edt spray continues to be an excellent product . i would certainly order it again when my supply gets low .
since the pro-x system bristles spread the exfoliating cleanser around , you only need a drop of this for each use . i tube this size will last forever !
would recommend it for those who need full coverage and have no wrinkles at all as the product is heavy .
you can use this product to add to your awesome nail art and give it a cool effect just remember less is more !
made my hair dry and brittle with first use . i even added oils to my hair and it was still dry and breaking . never again .
i got this for my friend and she says she likes a lot . i liked it a lot so i got the roller .
soft and moist skin is the best ! this has helped my skin tremendously . it has always been dry and sometimes my elbows would crack . no more .
the price was reasonable so i decided to give this a try . it goes on easily and does a good job on my extremely dry skin .
it leaves your hair soft and shiny , and does not feel greasy . great for your skin too . great product . i recommended
i love is very nice to smell it i recommended to buy also for a gift is perfectplease be free to buy it ! ! !
i don't see a difference in results between the regular brush head and the more expensive deep pore one.others might .
i love these brushes . they are nice to use and clean up easily . nice for the price ! ! ! i recommend it
excellent product that works better than more costly ones i've tried . super features including temperature adjustment and locking shaft . great value
although this shampoo is rich and creamy and left my hair clean and shiny i would not purchase it again . it left my scalp itchy and flaky .
i added this cuticle cutter / pusher to my basket of nail paraphernalia . i think everyone who does their nails should have one of these .
great consistency , love the color . very blendable . if you're pale this may have too much bronzer in it .
these work great for me , i use about 1 per week and they always get all the junk out of my nose pores .
have used this product for many years . only moisturizer that i will buy . will be ordering again in the future .
she loves it . says the sponge attachment was nice . her skin is glowing since she started using it . i am going to order one for myself .
my 17 year old daughter loves lime crime lipsticks , crazy colors , more suited for the younger crowd . opaque and very pigmented
gentle hold and adds body . the fragrance is mild enough that a female can easily mask with a little hairspray .
i have not use this brand yet but soon will i heard it is very useful for hair skin and house
another beautiful inis perfume , inisfree has alittle more spice , woody , floral , more bite to it ! last all day ! thank you ! inistamara
one of my favorite opi colors . i like it so much i am sure that they will discontinue it so i am going to stock up .
excellent value and product . all the same ingredients as the other competitors for way less the price . i've been using for 2 years and very satisfied .
arrived on time ... smells great ! will definitely order again . i am constantly getting complimented on it . the price is better than at sephora
i'm pleased with this cuticle pusher . i particularly like the smaller , squarer end that gets into the corners of my square nails .
great for deep conditioning ! you get a bang for you buck . 1 year later i am still using the from the 100 pack
this stuff is always reliable . its a great professional product . i rec it to use with other wella color products .
i've been using this cologne for a while and i get alot of compliments on it and for under $ 20 its really worth it .
recieved quick . i thought they looked tacky but there may like . good quality . wish the balls were smaller tho ! great product
good moisturizer , but makes skin shiny.otherwise , it works well and is not too expensive.anyway , it's perfect for wearing just at night .
its okay but i didn't find it so helpful ... i think i'll stick to foundation , this is definitely for people with good skin ..
this is great to use for more hair texture . just apply it to wet hair . i love the smell too .
worked one time on handshasnt really worked since on hands or on forehead.no noticeable change in dark brown spots .
okay so this thing is totally awesome and looks sooo expensive ! i got this at a super great price and came packaged awesome and just love it ! !
lightweight and very good to detangle hair ... try it , i am sure you will love it too ... excellent for naturally curly hair
i really liked the size , i have never lost a rhinestone and i used them a lot ... good quality and good price .
this stuff is the best . i am glad i bought it online , because it is very expensive to buy it at the store .
i thought it was a doup for essie lipis of luxury but the china glaze is more better and i love china glaze better my favorite color of the year
i take a multi vitamin and added this one so i can't tell yet . maybe more study is needed from groganics .
great for everyday use and dry skin . absorbs easily and is not sticky . will keep you hydrated all day . favorable price . thank you very much
why yes ! i am in love ! this is and will be my favorite hair product ! just scrunch the crunch out and you are good to go !
i bought this because a lady told me it would help with thin eyebrows . i've noticed a slight difference but nothing extreme
excellent product . no skin irritation . easily remove the remains of mask . i highly recommend it . just saw him i knew it was good buy
love it ! use it every day . very soothing and penetrating . this is the real stuff.have used for years and will continue .
dr . recommended , and with that is the best endorsement , i will never look back , it is wonderful , will buy again .
i love this cream .. keeps me hydrated all day and i can see an improvement in skin tone and texture with continual use .
not sticky . works well on fine hair . used both on damp hair and then as final spray . definitely recommend this product .
i really like this product . i've been using it for sometime now . it works really well on my fine curly hair .
these are the cutest things i have ever seen ... and they work ... arrived on time and everything ... i would always order from you guys again .
bought this for my cousin , who loved it and it is more then used up now , i couldn't be happier about it .
nice and firm . what more can i say ? does what brushes are supposed to do . good value for what you get .
these tiny crown are perfect for blinging out my grand daughters bottles and other items . i have gitten alot of compliments on them . thanks
its a very nice color , its smooth and stays on your lips quiet long :) i will buy anothe colors for sure ! :)
it is worth buying , you get 6 different scents and its not pricey . they work very well , the brand is o . p . i
this stuff works great ! i have noticed huge improvements over the past week or two and have already got another container on the way ! loving it !
i was impressed by this mascara .. it works good and it wasn't clumpy . i think it is worth the price and i will be betting the full size
good brushes for the price ! i like the handles , they're simple but comfortable . they are also easy to clean , would repurchase
it's so hard for us fair haired beauties to get a good brown mascara . this one come close . it does tend to clump .
i read so many great reviews about this product so i was extremely disappointed that it smelled so much like baby powder . i won't be buying this again .
i tried this along with the bb cream craze . i'm redheaded , irish , very , very pale . this was actually too light for me .
love the vibrant color ! fun for the summer being so bright ! works awesome ! a must buy for those shellac lovers !
this s supposed to help with frizz but it doesn't . it also fried my hair on the lowest setting for the wet to dry .
i have one for the shower , and one for my tub . i love this ! makes my skin so soft , with use every other day .
i love using these marbelizing dotting pens to make polka dots on my nails ! they make it easy to create cute nail designs .
sticky like it was old . had a weird smell . i would not recommend this item . you can find it elsewhere online .
this has a fragrance to it and is kind of greasy feeling . i don't like it as much as my other bb cream .
i've been using these brushes for about a year now . most have held up . they are average quality and still working well .
i needed to buy the bigger brush now . this was ok , but my hair is thick and it is too small .
just a dime size dollop of this potion left my frizzy , dry locks soft and touchable and definitely less frizzy .
completed the bottle and cannot see any difference in my skin . i will try again and see what happens and repost .
i use this for my french manicures i do for myself and it makes it so much easier to get the lines looking nice .
this is my favorite body wash , and the price is the best you will find anywhere . i always keep a spare on hand .
this review does absolutely nothing to help the hair . i would compare it to herbal essence maybe . overpriced for absolutely no benefit .
i have no complaints for this conditioner , but i was looking for a slightly more of a deep conditioning treatment than it provides .
this is a great brush to aply your faundation , it makes your face look so flawless i really love it
these brushes are great . they are so professional . i love to show them off . everyone thinks they are professional . i love them ! !
the direction is so complicated ， i bought it but never use it ... and i bought another one to replace it ...
i have used many , many conditioners but this is my favorite . i have wavy hair prone to dryness . this stuff is a huge help .
this is a great color . you need to put on at least two coats for it not to be transparent but it's a great color purple !
good makeup blending sponges and they come in 2 different shapes and 4 great colors people should definitely try them .
it keeps my skin moisturized . i even apply it at the bottom of my feet after shower while my skin is still damp . i will reorder again .
it does eliminate the powdery look , but doesn't seem to do much in the way of helping my makeup last longer .
sponges were soft and did not break apart like some other . my girlfriend still contin ues to use this product .
they are so nice , very tiny and they work perfect , do not pay more than this for these items , these one is perfect and works great .
it was way too small . if you're looking for a small blush brush then this is for you , if not , try again .
it is just a perfect eyeshadow and it blends in with your color very well you've got to try that .
a dark black , easy to apply , long lasting eyeliner . great for those that like to paint lines on the top and bottom lid .
the fine brush tip makes for precision eye lining and sculpting once you get used to doing it . very well designed long tappering cap / brush combination .
this product absorbs quickly and my daughter told me that my pores are reduced considerably ( i've had sun damage ) and my skin looks so much healthier .
sleek is beautiful long lasting the product is amazing i don't know what hey did , all i know is that i what more !
you can use it alone or add it to other oils for softer skin ... great buy ... love it and the price was good
excellent brush ! cant believe the price for such a good quality brush . will be sticking with this brand for sure . is comparable to my sigma brushes .
use this in morning and neutrogena healthy skin at night and your skin will be a dream . smooth and nice .
these paints are great for nail art . they are much thicker than bottled acrylic paint which is good when drawing certain designs
another fabulous 100 % pur product - i love them all . leaves your face feeling soft and hydrated and after about a week you can see the results .
i like this product but it make my fingers red when i leave it for long but it's ok really thanks
i do makeup for my husband who is a photographer you can never have enough brushes when doing multiple models these will come in very handy
only a very small amount of this cream brings moisture with no greasiness . and an additional perk is that it smells wonderful ! :)
great product ! ! ! takes all of my makeup off very easily and my face feels so clean when i am done using it !
these work great ! they hold the hair very well - remind me of ones used in the salon . also , a great price !
i bought this for a coworker as a joke but it really it working ! his nails are not stubs anymore .
it works really well , easy way to get perfect bun . i haven't used the small clip but larger one is really good and long lasting .
arrived on time i like this product it leaves my skin so soft you would really like it too this company products are above the others try them
very sticky feeling and it stings my face.didn ' t bother to finish the bottle , a waste of money for me .
product cames on time . product works great . has great hold with no flaking or itching . has nice sheen . would purchase again
honestly , i haven't used this shampoo yet but have read great review of the product ... can't say much more about it
i have waited years and finally broke down and bought this . it dried my thin , dry , frizzy hair . such a waste
this wig is cute , but definitely more costumey than being able to be pulled off for every day use . very hot !
the smell is good and it lasts a long time , but it seems to make my hair fall out more .
like all skin products , it depends on your skin type and this worked for a while but after a month or two , it didn't work anymore .
bought as a gift for my daughter for christmas . costume piece looks great in her hair . the price was great .
they didn't break in packaging and i have used them a lot i would definitely buy these for a friend
prettyhalf pearlsas picturedgreat pricei own tons of gems / pearls / nail caviar / fimo canes & will continue to buy morerecomended for your average nail guru ♥ ♥
this is a very pretty color . i bought it for myself but my daughter felt like she needed to use it 1st . it's very pretty ! ! !
this is one of my go-to brushes for packing eyeshadow onto the eyelid . it picks up a good amount of product and does not shed .
none better ! this is the greatest product . no clumping and longer lashes .
you have to tweek and tweek before you finally get the look you want with this wig.overall its not a bad wig at all .
i use this every time i flat iron my hair . it smells good & seems to do the job great !
what a disappointment.did nothing to strengthen nails.polish chipped after half a day.sadly , i have nothing good to say about this one .
love it - will get another when this gets old - is perfect for undereye makeup - those dark circles , you know ? !
i only use avaon eyeliner all the others brun my eyes and i jsut how black it is i love it so much
works fantastic to thin seche vite topcoat and all other polishes . next to seche vite , this is a must have .
i love adding this scented epsom salts to my bathing water , but this seems a bit pricey for the quantity .
first off i have to say i'm fond of the smell , this worked great for me and was for a reasonable price so no complaints on my end .
i wish i can buy a gallon size acetone cause i do soak off every week.this is no special but pure acetone which exactly is what i need .
i really can't tell how fast this dries but after 5 mins i still manage a smudge so i end up using drying drops
please , can anyone tell me how long is it in cm ? i have a long hair , so i need long ones.don ' t hesitate to write
i have used this on sore muscles , etc and it has really helped . recommend this emu oil and think it is a good value
i absolutely love bareminerals . it doesn't irritate my skin and lasts a really long time , which makes the price more reasonable .
this shampoo made my hair soft and shiny . the price is good and it worked well for me . will buy again .
i'm amazed how clean my skin felt after using this . it really cleans deep into your pores , just make sure to keep out of eyes .
needs several coats , but it's a bright sunny yellow that can be used as a primary nail color or an accent color in designs .
i got the nail brush and it is a professional brush worth the price i love it and work great
this brush is great for hair that is easily tangled ! still have to be gentle but it does wonders on my hair . yay for not going bald !
these cleansing wipes smell really great and are strong enough to remove waterproof makeup . they leave your skin squeaky clean .
these are amazing brushes for anyone who wants quality but do not want to spend too much or too little . recommended for any beginner .
makes my hair really shiny and smooth . really protects because my hair doesn't smell burnt or feel dry after i flat iron
excellent polish . perfect for stamping nail art . images are clear and detailed , perfect transfer . you will be happy with this polish
awesome . this is how fingernail scissors should work . we need to get a 2nd paid since my hubby is always accusing me of hiding these from him :)
i would recomment this product ! i am satisfied with the pricing as well . the pink powder is a little sketchy , but the others are just fine .
fastest top coat ever ! ! kind of on the thick side but over all its great , i would repurchase again soon .
do not put too much on or it leaves hair heavy and drab . smells good in moderation and helps control the frizz .
it's okay . got it in two colors that are very similar . wish it wasn't so sticky .
i'm a newbie to makeup so i'm learning . so far i like the product i will order again when needed .
wife says this polish covers pretty good with one coat but recommends two to get a perfect finish . wife is huge fan of opi .
i think these are very cute . they work super well love them ! and love the different sizes they come in .
it is still going strong after months of use . i like the fact that there is two hole sizes . really good product ! !
bdellium brushes are amazing . soft and perfect , in my opinion better than mac and sigma . i like that are in different colors and cruelty free .
this shampoo has a great minty scent and is also great at moisturizing my hair . very happy with this purchase .
i love the color . it is really pretty much exactly what is shown in the picture . works well for me .
this brush is perfect for blending and getting beautiful looks . super soft just like my other sigma brushes and is a must have in anyone's collection !
the description says this is for eyeshadow and eyeliner brushes . it only fit my eyeliner brush , as it is too narrow .
love this as a non-physical exfoliation . between these pads and my clarisonic , i will never use a gritty-textured exfoliation substance again . :)
i love it i love it i love it . this a great winter moisturizer for both skin and hair . a little goes a long way
it's way too creamy . i'm not feeling it and doesn't work well on my clients . and for those with oil skin , please stay away .
leaves my face feeling very fresh and refreshed without over drying . slight tingling affect as it becomes exposed to air after washing . great product .
this soap is very rich and non drying , it clicks in easily and the whole family uses this soap !
it works real good for dry frizzy hair , it really helped me so i could get another perm . i need to get some more ! ! !
this product makes your hair very soft and shiny , it also gave my waves more definition . will recommend this product in the future .
it looks ok when you initially put it on , then within an hr or so the lashes start to look dull ( not much length or volume ) .
my favorite lotion ! i'm thinking about buying the lemon and mango . its natural ingredients and smell is perfect . and its amount is more than generous .
i have received more compliments from this polish than any other . absolutely stunning ! i think it's my favorite color now .
i love mine , it is perfect for in between manicures and quick fixes on my fake nails . very powerful and im happy with the attahcments and files .
cellbone technology is a great product ! i use it often and many of their products ! just don't over sue the acids !
this is wonderful shampoo for colored hair . it gives it a glow and shine that lasts through to next coloring .
good product use sparingly as it can be strong , because it contains sulphur , i mix mine with moisturizer ! use it once at evening !
not much to say about these nail drill bits as they are inexpensive but for the money you can't go wrong !
love how light and fluffy it is , but i feel like i have to use several pumps to feel it on my face .
is exact as the picture love it really goooood deal i recommend this pretty jewels for your nailsyes pretty
soft after using on the beach or at the pool . little white , but smells and feels great so i recommend this product !
this brush is fantastic for foundation . so dense and soft , it leaves an airbrush finish . and you can't beat the price !
these are the best . i have used the revlon brand since i was selling cosmetics at a fancy department store when in my twenties ... decades ago !
i love this oil . it blends nicely with lavender for a calming effect . i use it in warmers and also in the dehumidifier . highly recommend it .
its nice and sharp and works well . and it really makes it a lot easier to keep the nails shaped because they sort if pre shape the nail
still the best . i don't use the scraper , old gift cards work better . i've tried others since and always go back to this one .
i didnt like the packaging but i have to say the eyeshadows were nicely pigmented and it did have an awesome color selection
i have not tried this color out yet but it is white very nice . looking forward to trying the french manicure .
was shock by my first use of this product didn't know my skin needed to be exfoliating so badly , product was very gentle .. definitely a keeper
this is my first hair straightener . i'm happy with it . i have long fine hair and this guy works for me :)
was looking for very long time soft kohl eyeliner and don't want to spend to much money ... and i find this , just awesome .
just love this item it does double duty as a anti aging primer and spf 50 sunscreen . just love this product .
this holder is better than i expected . and holds a lot of nail art plates . a great product for the money .
i bought this after reading the good reviews . it is a good moisturizer but i found it to be a tad greasy for my liking .
i like the fact you have two sizes to choose from when stamping . small side works perfect for small finger nails or designs .
required for all crafting and cake paintinggreat for christmas and other holiday art that require fine touches . this is what i have been looking for .
love love love this top coat ! dries literally within seconds & it's a glossy finish , any nail polish looks almost like a gel polish with this top coat
came in fast . i haven't used them yet though.so this would need an update . they look just fine though . cant wait to try them !
this product lasts a long time and is the perfect primer under my tinted moisterizer . i would recommend this product .
these are awesome dotting tools they are fantastic ! i adore them ! ! they work great for all kinds of dotting decorations :)
it said universal , so i thought it would go with my hot tools blow dryer , but it didn't fit :(
this is a musthave for makeup artists , great belt for all your brushes . very convenient you can adjust the strap to size .
got here early and are perfect to practice nail art on ! super easy to use and are easy to store !
this is my go to perfume . i have used it for years . it is great to use in the summer or winter .
saw this product on dr oz , amazing the feel this product leave your skin feeling smooth and silky.this is a keeper for sure ..
great product ! it's luxuriously thick and has just the right amount of cocoa butter scent . leaves my skin soft and smelling nice .
ive been using this moisturizer for over a year . it works really well , goes on smoothly and keeps my skin so soft .
i love this product ! very pretty and came on time . i love the brand hip , it never fails . buy it now
i don't know if i can add much to what others have experienced but i think it has helped with my regular regime of keeping my face looking good .
i have live by jlo fragrance , now i bought live luxe and i love it .. my two fragrances are durables and perfect for all occasions
love the color.love the feeling.wish it came in two sizes , it doesn't fit nicely in the small area designated for it in my shower ...
i got this today love it very nice like all the color's very nice good price . love it recomand this.thank you ! ! !
just received this product to refine my curls im hoping that it will work and then ill be happy .
this is really nice and easy . i like that and love it . have nice great day ! no frizz ! good job .
this is the hair color that i like to get , but i do not think it is quite the brown that i want for my hair .
a must have for beginners to gurus ! ! ! awesome product and great end design ! ! ! a must have for all nail polish fanatics ! ! !
i liked this product but i think there are cheaper organic products that work just as well . i might buy again .
they came in a weird japanese bag with no directions . so im not really sure how to use them , sorry
this stuff is the perfect medium . it does soften and dissolve cuticles but it doesn't sting or soften and dissolve nails .
works as it says . does the job amazingly for how cheap it is . i recommend this product for anyone who does their nails themselves .
these brushes are amazing ! i will never buy from another company again ! this kit has all the essential brushes . great for a beginners and pros .
it's cotton rounds , plain and simple , if you need to remove make up , clean a wound . all purpose simple pads
i love this set , specially the fanned brush . it helps cover everything . the brushes are great for everything you need to have the best makeup ever .
this bronzer rules ! not orange but gives u the ability to contour your face flawlessly ... i'm still looking for the perfect highlighter tho
this stuff is great . it has seemed to work wonders for my wife from what she has told me . already told me to order another ! thanks !
this is a great product to soothe dry skin and help heal scars and scrapes . i would highly recommend it !
this product is not firm enough for me . i purchased a body brush from another company and could see and feel it exfoliate my skin .
i'm give this item four stars bacuese is not perfect as urben dcu primar but not bad and not clear the shadow on my lied
the product is useful only if you are not going to sweat , otherwise it is perfect in texture , shade and application .
i love the smell of this soap ! it does a great job cleaning and was the perfect complement to my homemade laundry detergent .
the tate's shampoo smells great and has multiple uses . this is my favorite shampoo because of the scent and it is gently on hair and doesn't cause breakouts .
great addition to my mua kit . the spoolly is narrow enough to get right in the roots of the lashes without poking out eyeballs . love !
really lovely looking polish . it almost reminds me of a nfu oh polish , only half the price . it's shiny , and the bottle is nice .
excellent pell is not my first time , , , that work , , absolute recommend ! ! ! don't forget emollient , hidrated you skin .
your skin feels clean but not medicated and there is no heavy scents . i love the entire line of products .
this little loop makes wonderful quick and easy hair styles for those of us with long hair . i've bought some for friends .
wonderful colors , perfect for nails ! cheap and yes , i use it , ty for this product ! they are are basically one size but cute !
it does have a nice scent , but didn't notice any chill sensation . skin felt the same as if used other face wash soaps .
when i got the polish , it looked more purple in the bottle , but it was still beautiful . will order again .
it helps with frizz a bit with my dry and curly hair , just remember to apply it before blow out .
$ 12.99 for 12 brushes , it's like getting it for $ 1 a brush . it also comes with a pouch which is a plus .
this is a wonderful product and it works exactly as it says - - it cuts my nail drying time so much !
i have bought a lot of water bottles in search of the right one for my daughters hair and this is it . works great .
can't beat the price . this color makes your nails look clean and natural . i would definitely recommend this product . word
i brought this lipstick because the shinny finish does not stay on my lip long enough ... this color is great and stay on a long time ..
i like this soap and buying it in bulk is nice too . it doesn't dry my skin out and it smells nice .
leaves skin moisturized and smelling lovely . good price too . lather is superb and doesn't leave a soap film on me or tub .
i chose this here product because is one of my favorite , there's nothing that i don't like about this here product ..
daughter likes this mirror as she is able to do her make-up and get real close up and with it being lighted helps a great deal
they are fun trying to see howmuch better you can look . great fun . my husband couldnt tell but said i looked great .
excellent product you have never used anything like this before a little pricey but well worth the investment buy it now
this was just what i expected in every way . its sturdy and seems well made . looks just like the picture with the pink and purple roses .
this stuff smells good , but thats about it . you could get something just as good anywhere else for way cheaper .
we bought this brush seeking the holy grail of detangling brushes for our 8 year old daughter's thick hair . it works ok , not great .
i love this brush set . nice dense bristles on the brushes . they also wash well , didn't lose too many bristles .
a great value for experimenting with your looks . you have endless combinations with these little gems . easy to apply with tweezers .
this is pretty good powder . it spreads pretty well and isnt too grainy ! great for home use and nail art !
pics don't do this piece justice . it really sparkles and is so gorgeous . i get stopped everytime i wear it .
i have been using this brush for a short time . the verdict is : i have no complaints about this beauty tool . i like it a lot .
i use this for my hair ( 4c type ) , and it is amazing ! this product makes my hair soft and very shiny !
i'm a nail tech and i collect tips for different shaped nails - this set was a nice addition to my collection !
don't like it . it makes my eye make up smear because it is too greasy . it is a nice white color but needs to set up so better
great price for a great product . the comparison on what i pay for just one jar at the store is half what i paid for 6 .
i'm on my second one ... the first one lasted two years . well worth paying a little extra for a better quality and longer lasting dryer .
great brush set and an awesome price ! includes everything you need for make-up application , and a zipper bag is included .
feels very cheap and stiff . love the dramatic look , but just feel super uncomfortable . but you get what you paid for .
this product was very good , it smells great , came on time and all that was promised , overall great item to buy the deal was good
this product does exactly what i hoped it would . helps use my tanning lotions and buff it out for a more natural look .
nice smell , it really takes all the dirt out of my face . it doesnt dry my skin as other toners do . i highly recomend it !
love love love , great quality , nice ranges of colors . they work great and looks very classy and fashionable with matte colors
the applicator makes it easy to apply . it doesn't clump on the applicator . i will definitely be ordering this again .
using these has changed my manicures . it only takes one pad per hand to remove my polish and it gets every last bit including glittery polishes
awesome carbonate bit , works fantastic , has never dulled after multiple uses . very very happy , well worth the price . would buy again and recommend .
this product worked well for me . took about 3 to 4 weeks to notice a difference in the spots on my face .
i love the packaging the color and how small it is . it has to be used with a quality brush though
this is a definite buy ! the price is great and do is the quality . really nice & wish i had ordered at least 4 more .
they do the job but the brush are a bit trashy dont get me wrong the are okay but just a little not my style .
the aroma is incredible the cent is true to the sweet orange , very rejuvenated , it's a fresh wake up oil , love it
i . love this spray it's lite wait also it smell great recommend . it's not sticky nor ways your hair down .
these plates stamping great , but the images are a little small . i can still make it work but it is a little troublesome .
i loved this soap . i will purchase it again . i ordered this neem soap for my itching skin . it works wonders .
it's not entirely able to clean the chlorine out of my hair and i wash it twice after swimming laps , but it's better than regular shampoo .
these don't stay in my hair well at all . not what i expected and will find something else the next time .
leaves your hands feeling silky for hours , literally . the fragrance is heaven s ( c ) ent ! ! ! you can't go wrong with this purchase .
this color is amazing ! it can be used as a fall season color . the color glides on the nail beautifully !
i love that i can make vitamin c fresh everyday ! second time buying and i will continue to purchase as i have tried others .
bought this for my goddaughter who is very much into makeup ! she just loves this palette a lot and tells all her friends about it !
i have been using this product for a couple of years and love it .
subject says it all . looks phenomenal and never rubs off on my teeth , unlike other drugstore brands . i dig it .
we keep this by the bed for nightly use to keep heels in good repair . sinks in well but is heavy enough to be effective in softening .
excellent , i get compliments on my skin whenever i used this on my face . it gives my 49 yr . skin a nice a nice healthy glow .
all the colors are nice but when you tip them on the side you can see not all the containers have the same amount .
this spray won't leave your hair stiff or sticky . it will provide hold and shine . i love this product and have been using it for years
i use this comb everyday , i've noticed minimal hair shedding since using it over a brush . the price is a plus too ! would recommend .
nothing like the photo . it looks like a wig on . they cut off the top where it looks fake . save money and get a better wig
i though it was bigger than that , but its okay ! i prefer the 16oz more , this one is little pricey for the size .
smells good , work's fine . i don't think it really tousles my hair much ... but that's fine , my hair has natural wave .
this is the perfect brush for powder concealer or precision application of powder . the quality is amazing , just like all beauty junkees brushes . love it !
not over drying . feels gentle on the skin and still left with a fresh and clean feeling . like the exfoliating particles
... as i am still using another product that is almost gone . but for the money i can't really see anything to complain about .. so far anyway .
best shine product i've ever used . doesn't make my hair greasy and adds a really nice shine to my hair !
if you need a fast drying top coat--this is the one , you will not got wrong . it dries in seconds
this is great for accent nails or you can put one coat on to add glitter to your nails or designs . it arrived on time and in good conditon
i love them so much i reordered them . i will be ordering more in the future . thank u so much
its very good to carry in your makeup bag .. and i love it to apply powder .. but not so good for blush .
omg ! i was very surprised to see these beautiful eye shadows for such a small price ! unlimited number of combinations to choose from !
i use this to curl my hair when i let it dry naturally . its not too gooey or stiff . the fragrance is pleasant .
i purchased these to do more detailed designs and i am very happy with what i received . the brushes feel light but they don't feel flimsy .
it came early . and i used this mascara countless times before . first time ordering from them . the price is great . and it lengthens ur lashes .
used everyday have more expensive cream i use at night but it is a good cream and affordable . good deal
but it doesn't last long.it is more like a lip balm than a lipstickit would be perfect if the color lasted longer .
these are nice brushes .. very soft and at the same time firm enough so as to give good application of makeup .. ! worth buying !
feels so smooth on face , not greasy , absorbs well . i put in my eyes and neck as well as face .
the pictures dont do these plates justice ! they stamp beautiful images ! i am for sure going to buy me some more !
very pretty color but it doesn't last on lips or cheeks.fades almost immediately.disappointed and hope the manufacturer fixes this problem .
i think pueen are my favorite plates lately ! i love the designs , i love how easy it is to use these plates , i just love them !
i like these brushes they work pretty well . im still learning how to use them but so far so good .
these brushes are really nice . they don't shed and they are very soft . i have recommend them to my friends and would recommend them to anyone !
the quality of this tool is fantastic ! ! a good weight in your hand , easy to grip and the tool itself does not scrape your nail bed .
excellent product makes hair soft and smooth manages the split ends hair looks great buy this product now it is very good
its ok product doesnt make my lashes thick and long . it rubs off suppose to be waterproof . i'll stick to turbo mascara its the best ..
i trimmed the bangs but truly , this rocks for the price . it's fun and has a real pulp fiction look ! go uma ...
i love alterna . i have fine hair so i need something that gives me more volume . this shampoo would be great for thicker hair that needs moisture .
a + i use it regularly on my long hair . protects from heat and helps restore damaged , and chemically treated hair .
it suds up well and rises well . the thickening doesn't weight his hair down . the scent of the product is good too .
i use this daily now & can tell a difference on my under eye circles . the cooling sensation is nice & it blends really easily .
love the colors ! and they stay on wonderfully with a primer . would highly recommend !
some brushes broke when i got them . there are some really nice detail brushes but overall it is average . i like the case though .
opi is a great brand of nail polish , and these are beautiful colors ! this polish goes on nicely , lasts , and looks great !
the lashes were like barbie doll eyelashes . they looked fake . i have not wore them them simply because they do not look natural
this is the only polish remover i will ever use mainly because it does the job by making sure every amount of polish is off your fingers and toes .
maybe i need practice but i just don't get the gimmick . hard to use despite being quite hot . seems like it could damage hair too .
i think i will need to update more after a bit more time , but so far so good . nice packaging too .
i started to use matahari luminous after my sister-in-law recommended it to me . it makes my tan last and last .
i bought the refill after trying the 8 oz as im sure everyone did with this product . i use all the free and clear products now .
one of the best glitters out there . i use it with a dark nail polish and it just makes the polish pop .
this body cream goes on smooth and silky and blends right in to match your complexion , evening your skin tone out and making your skin soft and healthy !
i should have listened to all of the reviews these people were not lying :( why advertise what you do not have also product came in a bag -
i love the color , and the coverage . i use this with the mary kay concealer and layer both . looks great .
this lip lock has me sold & works very well for my lipstick . i am very happy with this purchase .
it gives my wig shine , conditions and it detangles my weaves also , and it smells really nice . i actually got compliments on my hair alot
one word - fabulous ! stamps great and love the designs . the protective box is a bonus !
i love a clean fragrance that doesn't smell like fruit , or spices . this is lovely , light , yet lasts . nice size bottle .
smells awesome and it does not make your hair oily . my husband and i love it . we both use it .
the brushes looks really pretty and durable . it's only $ 5 ! ! i would definitely purchase this and try it out .
the price was right and the quality is fine , but i wish the size difference between the large and medium pins was more significant .
this is always my sunscreen of choice and for the price plus the $ 1 off coupon they gave me it was great !
yes , it has a wide assortment of colors . however , the lacquer is dry , i have to use thinner to be able to use it .
these clips are amazing for staying put all day . they're very comfortable and easy to use . my only complaint is that they look rather dated .
it's a great product but the bottle is too small and it's too expensive . overall though , i am pleased with the results .
some of the engravings are too think and don't transfer well . i really liked the few that do come out .
this is the real deal . this cologne was not watered down or tampered with in any way . smell is fantastic . great price to .
so yes , it does work great but it is still full of chemicals . i like using more organic / natural products for my hair now .
these glam up a look . you can try to reuse them but don't put mascara on them unless you feel like cleaning them !
this is like a gag gift kind of product . i should have know that but i love to try new stuff ...
it just wasn't for me it dryed out my face horribly what floats one boat could sink the next so give it a try
my favorite scent from the salvatore incanto perfumes . it smells so delicate and subtle , perfect for any season . i always buy this scent .
what can i say , i'm an oofo girl from way back , starting with my mom . these products are really good .
i really really love it . it is the perfect cleanser for my normal to oil skin . i am very happy . i adore it
i love this product it is great for my short natural hair and it smells very nice and not real oil .
i like this stuff , and use it in the shower off and on . can be used both wet and dry and i like that
love love love this color . i got lots of compliments on it . you should get this , its so amazing . :)
these eye shadows are beautiful ! every shade is just perfect and great quality ! i would definitally reccomend these eye shadows to everyone and anyone .
they were on time , exactly 45 pcs , a little bit of variety in color ... overall i was satisfied they're what i was looking for .
this is for all ages women & teenages ( girls ) , daughter insists on this and receives many compliments on how she smells fresh and clean !
good shampoo that gets the job done . smooths hair and gets it clean . it does what shampoo is suppose to do.highly recommended .
i have many blue nail polishes but i have to say this is by far my favorite . it's such a bright , beautiful blue ! !
really can't stand this scent . i gave it away to someone who just loves it ! lol to each his own !
a rich epic under the sea tranquility . put some bb's in your polish bottles to keep the colors mixed well .
lovely sponges and a good value but just a bit stiff for me . i prefer more airy blenders but these stay in my arsenal .
does not leave skin dry , and seems to have some sort of healing to it ! it derfinitely makes it softer .
i purchased a few different ones and one is more beautiful then the other the colors are gorgeous and the price was so cheap thank you
i love these so much , they are great in every way just be careful not to drop them . clean up is fast and so easy ! !
not the best lipgloss a very cheap gloss . can do better at a department store . a little g oes a long way.pay more for a better item .
great soap ; great smell.sometimes use on face ; works great.no greasy feeling . easily rubs off.not like the cheap oily soaps
super fun and way easier to use than i would have guessed . great way to ad pow to your diy mani
the colores are vibrant and the lipstick stays on well . the black lipstick cases are nice also . i shared my lipsticks with my daughter and she loves them
my favorite conditioner by far . great citrus smell that is fresh and clean , and leaves my hair feeling very very soft . definitely worth the splurge !
these sponges are kinda small than the regular beauty blender sponge & also stiffer . however , they will do the job if you wet them slightly .
very nice product . works great in the recipes i have tried so far . feels good on your hands . carries other scents well .
this citron shade is amazingly beautiful . it is a popular trending vivid color . very nice pop of color . perfect for the season .
i really like the curly hair but when you brush it the hair comes out of the extension and it's a little crazy at the bottom
it drys my hair out , smell is horrid , & leaves a weird texture to my hair , almost waxy feeling . will never buy again .
i used this and their shea butter to make my own lotion . this smells wonderful ! i love it . i will buy it again .
enjoying my order and happy about it . can't wait to add to the collection . get a set for yourself . have fun .
i love this eyeliner . stores usually don't have this color tho , so i had to order online ! it stays on all day but washes off easily .
this is great and effective for aging , sensitive eyes . i love all the simple products that i have used to date .
average i didn't really see any changes .. for the price you would expect something better .. i like the lightness of the product .
im just starting getting into doing my nails i have a lot to practice with so i should have fun thanks
these are excellent . i like the fact thy come as a 3 pack , these are strong and last for awhile.greattt deal .
this is another product that i don't get . what is it supposed to do because i see no difference from using or not using it .
this is a fairly strong scrub . i wouldn't use it too often or on sensitive skin . leaves skin smooth and pink .
these were so easy to use ! they stayed on over a week . very easy to take off with nail polish remover .
i think quality brushes make the make-up experience go to the next level . these are very good quality and the price is awesome .
this scrubber isn't bad , but there are better . the handle feels flimsy and doesn't hold very well . at least it doesn't pull .
i really like this primer (: it goes onto skin flawlessly and it feels as if nothing is there once its put on .
i love this for shower use . i can't find it locally so i appreciate being able to get it from amazon subscribe and save program .
good quality brushes . be careful with the handle portion though . if nail polish remover touches the handle , the color will come off .
i use this daily moisturizing cream to remove my eye makeup each day . i like how light it is , and non-irritating .
it is more like a body spray . the scent just does not last . it is nice , but doesn't last , unfortunately .
i like that but i am not loving it because it is just an oil . it makes my hair look greesy
very nice and the price was great .. really refreshing smell , i really love it , it's a easy to go smell .
very pigmented , long lasting i hit pan on many colors . i would defenitly purchase this again . i think all shany products a most def worth the money
but its expensive . but it's your eyes and your under eye skin ! don't be cheap . buy this , you aren't a teenager anymore .
they're good for its price , i expected them a bit bigger but they're okay , decent size .. i would recommend this to people
it is an ok product . i didn't find it special . the color of papaya is good . might will try other lipgloss .
im not really a green addict , but these contrasting shades work beautifully on my ombre effects and water marble nails .
i dont even wear them . the are horrible quality so the glue doesnt hold to them . but they did show up on time .
ordered because of many good reviews , in fact its nothing good , nor me nor my bf liked it :( smells cheap
it is ok . first one i ever bought . i wish it had more power . nice that it is water proof .
i love this stuff ! ! my hair is softer and healthier than its been in years . i will always keep a bottle around .
it doesnt feel oily and my skin feels smooth without that annoying after itch feel i normally get after showering
i'm not a makeup wearer .. but i love my mascara's ! this is deff a great mascara worth the money .
works well and lightens those brassy spots . i will keep using this product for sure . only use it once a week though or it is too much
i like these brushes they are great for extras in your personal or professional kits . they are very attractive . a great starter set
this is a little expensive , but i have saved a fortune doing this at home myself . and when it's low , i'll order it again ...
best all around warm tone color . hope they never discontinue this color . i am addicted to it for everyday use .
must have item ! makes me feel so refreshed . the price is also amazing so why not try it out ! works perfectly .
i'm currently use this product for two weeks , i feel there is some improvement . it doesn't cause pimples as other product .
needed replacement for my olay prox and these are a good value so glad it comes in a package of 2 .
i see why these were so cheap they are like pure colorful wax and they do not apply well or last long smuggy and cheap looking while on
but i had to keep tightening the screws cuz they were not staying in while i was cutting my tips so i just baught 1 from my local store ..
this is not full cover nails . but tips . i had to throw away , since i am not a nail technician .
it was simple to use and it really works , i used one of my favorite perfumes . however , i am unsure of how to clean the perfume inside
i'm just getting into nail art and this was a nice inexpensive set . i love the tape and dotting tools so far and you can't beat the price !
this brush is great if you are looking to adventure on a more advanced makeup technique . it's perfect for you that have issues blending colors .
meh . it goes on pretty dry and flaky . my lashes look crunchy and don't hold a curl . i'll be sticking with my dior primer .
this is the 1st time to use this lotion and i found it light and straighten my frizzy hair in seconds .
great delivery and customer service . price was good and now i have lifetime worth of hair clips . the clips are well made and does the job .
nyx cosmetics black label lipstick , poem is very good . and the color is fantastic . loved it ! is my favorite . i recommend to everyone .
i really had to apply several coats to get the effect that i wanted . the color seemed light after 3 coats .
this is my favorite set of stamps yet ! so clean , easy to use , come out clear every time . easy to care for too .
good astringent , smells terrible though like dirty socks ! [ ... ] check out all the ways you can use it and try it out .
this is the best contour brush , great hairs and as all of nars products that i have tried it doesn't disappoint .
i loved it but it's not what u can call pink it's fuchsia with a hint of orange in it
i was hoping for some great transformation , but the cream is nice and light , good to moisturize before you sleep
i have used foundation by l'oreal and have always had good luck with it . this is another good foundation by l'oreal and i plan on buying this again .
i love this superstay . i have a hard time matching my foundations and a even harder time making it last . this makeup does both .
this makes my skin feel soo good . i love buf-pufs . they are the perfect exfoliation tool . it's a must have !
don't have the same hold as other brands i have used . will prob . end up in the trash . such a waste of money !
love this but unfortunately can not find it anyhwere now and wish i could because i would buy it up if not too expensive
when the stylist used this on my hair , it came out as a misty spray . mine came out in blobs-not what i needed .
shiny and glittery . good for sunny days and upbeat attitude day's . long last top coating needed to last . a breezy day
i gave this product four out of five stars because i haven't worn it yet , and i suspect the glitter doesn't go on as intensely as shown .
takes very little to remove any leftover product on my face without making it feel dry . i will continue to purchase this item .
i love butterflies and this piece is gorgeous in every way ! it took me forever to get it but it was soooo worth the wait .
makes curls last without frizz . only a little bit is needed.no harsh chemicals so its more gentle on hair . love this stuff .
i did receive the product and it really works well . thanks alot i will recommend it to any one to use it
i am pleased with this brand of tea tree oil . i haven't tried any other brand so i can't compare it . but i'd order it again .
this item was exactly as it was described and i am happy with it , i would buy again , thank you
i bought this to needle my stretch marks on my inner thighs and i don't know if its working yet but i can tell the difference in my skin .
i bought this because i do kids nails pretty often . i really helps them sit still long enough for the polish to dry .
love mary kay products ! i have been using this line for years and still works the best for my combo skin type .. acne prone .
h khb khb bkj hbjh bh bkj bib k khb khb khb khbk high bi but bib khb khbk jh khb
it makes my hair crunchy and hard ... terrible and did nothing to help with heat protection at all or to help to give volume . just bad .
beautiful colors , don't crease . the pencils are soft and smudge easily . using them as a base for eyeshadows intensifies the color .
i love this product ! i have been using it for almost a year , and have seen such an improvement in my skin , it is almost unbelieveable !
this product provides a much too lightweight degree of stickiness , even on thin fabric . i'm sorry i wasted my money .
this is a great finishing powder ! it sets my make-up perfectly and lasts almost all day with minimal touch-ups required ! i highly recommend it !
this is another typical case of blind purchase gone bad . such a horrible scent ! it's harsh , herbal , strong and really unpleasant .
i have used this with no change at all . i will try it for a longer time and see what happens and let you know .
tried this the first time and i love it ! i have so much new growth and it easily detangles my hair and it felt really conditioned .
they are the best out there and i won't buy any other one . love them and the pink color . :)
while let my hair grow longer , but dont the hair hanging around my face and ears.wish you had more colors.work great stated using with a new do .
very pretty ! i like this style of lashes they give u more length in the middle instead of the end !
love is bb cream velvet leaves my skin a natural finish and also moisturizing for all components that has thank you
choose to give to a friend as a gift to add to his birthday basket . he loved it and will continue to buy more .
this product is just okay as a leave in . it does leave my hair soft , but that's pretty much all it does for me .
i gave this product five stars because it moisturizer my dry skin also noticed it faded my scars away as well ... bonus !
easy to apply and my gal who has eczema finds it not stingy.but not thick enough so u would need to apply it rather frequently .
great quality polish , looks just like the picture . my item came within just a few days of ordering . highly recommend .
i was looking for a good dark lip color when i purchased this and this was great . no complaints here .
i got this for my husband years ago and it's a sexy fabulous scent ! ! smells clean and not overbearing lay strong ! ! just really good ! !
gives a nice , fine mist of product . works well as a heat protectant - my hair is soft and shiny . doesn't build up on flat iron .
the lashes are nice ans shiny and they last . my favorite part is the price . they are very affordable . great product .
these look so real and fit so much better than anything i have purchased so far . i love wearing these .
used along with the conditioner , this product is highly recommended for its light , good smelling , and great results shampoo and conditioner !
you know it's good when you can feel the high consentration of vitamin c burn . this is a great product at a great price .
i got these to hold up my 3 inch hair rollers , and they work really well ! there are more than enough in the box .
i bought the wrong color .. lol . it was a tad too light , so ill be mixing some darker foundation in to blend it out .
this product is raved about in almost every beauty news media and must say it does not disappoint . foundation goes on easily and flawlessly .
really love this drip dry from opi it dries the nails in seconds with just one drop on each nail .
it works well , but it is not the best product . i would prefer if it was bigger , cause i have long hair .
got this for daughter she loves doing her eyebrows and this is a kit she loves and love the price love e . l . f . products ..
wife likes this product and has purchased before and will again . she recommends everyone to try it . very good product
i do not like these brushes . they do not hold finger nail polish on them at all . i would not recommend . i couldnt even use them .
the reason i love this moisturizer is that i have very oily skin and this moisturizer provides spf 30 without leaving my face more shiny .
i ordered this and was so excited about getting it for my wife . when i opened the box it was exactly what i wanted
don't waste the few dollars you earn on this . very basic . spend your money on clinique's pencils glosses . they are absolutely the best out there .
the browns are more like a copper color the blue is pretty but i got it for ythe brown's colors for the price its ok
love this product line , have used it for a few years . will continue to purchase .
love it ! i actually use it with one toe of opi shatter ( crackle ) white ! always get so many compliments ! will order another bottle .
good deal ! ! the view from the lenses are not clear , but that's what it is . thanks for amazon for saving my time and money !
i use this stuff at night at bedtime and i wake up with really smooth fingertips . very good product for the price .
i use this in between colorings to maintainy red hair . i love this stuff and it is way better than manic panic in my opinion .
i really like this for my hair . it's very pretty and seems to be made well . :-) sincerely , mrs . rick
this stuff really does work . the tiny fibers stick and stay on all day . just be sure to definitely get the right shade for your hair color !
this is the perfect color ! not too pink , not dark . this is so smooth and doesn't dry out . best lipstick ever . will buy again !
it dried up in 2 weeks before i could use it all ! its super cute but i probably won't buy again since it dries up so quickly .
i love this color and the formula is typical opi . great product for a good price . i would recommend getting .
unbelievable the coverage you will get from this palette . so many different colors to pick from and unbelievable coverage you will get from this product .
i purchased these brushes twice ! the first time for myself and then again for a friend for christmas . she loves them too.good quality and fast shipping .
very sturdy , i like the fact that is has two hole sizes . i bought it to use on my son's back for blackheads it got job done
my dermatologist recommended vanicream years ago and i still use it daily . i have found no product that i like better for moisturizing my skin .
burt's bees products are always a good quality . the small sample sizes are great for stuffing a stocking . a christmas crowd pleaser .
i use the sweet bee magic every night and i use the egyptian magic every morning both products are working really well my skin looks great .
it is a sorta greyish color and makes my skin appear darker . overall not a big fan at all really .
this product does exactly what i need it to do . it's great for sunburns and for making body and face lotions .
great price for some great brushes ! they look exactly like the picture and will be great to use for nail art !
this works like a charm to get make up off ! i would order again ! i love this product ! yes i do !
this is a damn good conditioner , very good performance that is always consistent . excellent value for money ..
this primer is no different from others i have used . i hate to admit that i wasted my money , but deep down i know that i did .
i just got the kit , followed the steps , and boom ! perfect manicure . so easy . looks great . nails seem impenetrable . i'm happy .
greatest eye make-up i have ever had . and the colors stay all day ! you won't regret buying it ! will definitely buy more for sure ! !
a little bit of red brick color makes this nail polish a little iffy for me . i will try it again eventually on a whim .
cheap , easy to use , kid friendly love them i don't have to make my girls's flowers or stars on their nails anymore ...
smells pleasant , but it's just another body wash . i advise buying based on price rather than fancy scents and extras .
this shampoo does the best job at controlling the build-up of plaques from psoriasis and removing the greasy medications i have to use .
perfect way to dry my brushes after washing them . i'd recommend them to anyone who's serious about taking care of their makeup brushes .
this is a shampoo that i love and find it hard to find this locally so being able to order this online is great !
the clumps were so bad , i had to start over multiple times , and then i just gave up and threw them out .
i bought these because i like doing my own nails at home and this is a really great product ! ! ! great price as well !
i use this on my toes - don't like to paint my finger nails - does an excellent job ! ! ! would not do my nails without it !
it did not remove my eye make up . it washed off cleanly but did not remove my mascara or eyeliner .
but it did not last long even if i only used it once per day . for the price , more should have been in the bottle .
i bought these for my five year old daughter and they are just lovely ! they look very pretty in her hair .
i use this hair brush everyday . it does a pretty good job at detangling my hair . would recommend to friend .
it wasn't horrible but it seemed more like kids dress up makeup to me when it came time to use the glitter ones .
love this nail polish , and finally paint it the color drifted , some minor defect is gone , so much the better , rather like .
it's china glaze so it's awesome anyway . the color is a little too bright for my taste-i think it may go better with lighter skin tones .
one of the best primers i have used . it really keeps your shadow on !
love the array of colors and the different sizes of the dots . arrived earlier than expected and looks sturdy enough to do the job .
this lotion is great for very dry skin . i live in the desert and it is very dry here . i use this right after my shower .
pretty good concealer , very small bottle though so i am not sure how long it will last . covers very well though .
i love this slim liquid eyeliner , i can make perfect cat eyes with this . it comes out so smooth , and it is not blotchy ! !
i use this remover to take off ceramic nail polish which is tough to remove . it works well . good purchase ,
perfect bling for the the holidays . i love the glitter . the product came as expected but took a while to ship .
this is a new product for me . after almost three weeks of use , i find nice improvement in my skin .
i love queen helene products . never too harsh for my sensitive skin and always works extremely well . will continue to buy this again and again .
i love the pink color . i am excited to use it . it came quickly and the price was great . happy with purchase .
i really like this shampoo . it has a pleasant herbal scent that isn't too overpowering , which makes it very refreshing . would recommend !
i am not wild about this color by itself , but when layering it with hot chili it's beautiful . cnd polish is great and fun to layer colors .
i loved these stones i gonna have to order more soon i use them so often and not just on my nails on other projects too
they are cheap looking and plastic looking . i would not order them again . the advertisement is not as the stones appear to be in photo .
this is the second time i buy this item , and it did its job perfectly every time i use it .
i love this oil a little goes a long way too . the smell is a little annoying but it's worth it .
at first these didn't seem to fit my model but i forced it on and then it stayed ... works just fine !
perfect starter palette for experimenting with different make up looks ! color pigments are bold and true to color when applying it !
i love the smell and this is a light shampoo . it is easy on the scalp and gentle . i have no complaints .
i love this perfume and the price but the perfume doesn't stay as long as i wish . however , that's okay ... i still love it ! ! !
oh yes ... nothing like the real stuff , it really works on your skin like magic , a little goes a long way , will buy it again ,
i flat iron daily since i workout and it does a fine job without weighing my hair down . nice shine also .
sleek products are always good quality . it is nice color and looks amazingly natural . but ... it is very hard to open .
my son has psoriasis and this is the only product he can use and he swears by it5 stars all the way 1
i love this curling wand . everything i was looking for . creates curls that last for days and my hair usually does not hold a curl .
i like new improved l'oreal superior preference 6a light ash brown.it feels lightweight and carefree when i colored my hair . t . m .
item arrived quickly , and packaged well . mine do not have the pink grips on the handle as pictured , but they do seem to work well .
love on the days when i want a more natural look . very light , even after 2 coatings . stays on nails well .
i really thought the spray worked well and was impressed with the price when compared to other sprays . a strong , solid thumbs up !
i got the clear nails and i love them ! ! i'm wearing them right now and i've had them for a week already and they look so professional !
i've loved this perfume for ever ! it's one of my favorite . i always try not to run out before i get another bottle .
very pleased with the amount of stones . my clients love them , i use them all the time . i will order more in the future
great ... didn't come broken or chalky ! nice pigments worth the money . great blush colors exactly as pictured . works well with my medium brown skin !
i'm very happy to smell like a coconut after my showers , i really like this body wash a lot . sweet scent
blackheads . steam went everywhere easy to do but not worth returning.will try for facials next.did not lose alot of money over it .
i loved the smell but definitely did not do any thing for my hair . i had to mix it with some other product .
my baby hair is hard to stay down . it needs extra extra extra holding gel to stay down and i would rather not use that . this works wonders
i got a little to frustrated with this , so it's put away for now . perhaps once my hair gets longer , it will be easier to use .
i can't tell that my hair gets cleaned at all . however , it's still a conditioner and works great for shaving .
i did receive the product but have not used it as yes as i am trying to us the set that i have now
its ok , i received it a few days after i purchased .. its kind of small for me .. but other than that its ok .
i had high hopes for this soap so i could move away from using proactiv . instead my skin got worse and was often very dry and flakey .
arrived quickly . great product for a affordable price . great for doing my eyebrows or applying eyeshadow on the crease for a smokey eyed look .
it is much better than using a nail clipper . cannot beat the price . does what it is suppose to do .
i keep this on my kitchen skin . and use it to go over my hands after handling onions . it works well .
i bought this for my husband so he would leave my clarisonic alone . it's not as heavy duty but it works for him and he's happy .
i love this polish in the sun and normal lighting , i think it's a nice neutral color and when it hits certain light , wow
the aforementioned title is selfexplanatory . this soap is absolutely phenomenal ! i have read many reviews regarding it and i concur wth the reviewers .
it is a little bit sheer , i wish the color would be more vibrant but it is not . anyway it is cool . i like it .
this apron is a must for all artist . it fits well and looks professional . holds brushes securely . made of sturdy material .
my face has been clearer since i started using the product , so it's doing something . plus my face smells nice too !
after 2-3 coats your nails are perfectly white . i haven't had much experience with white nail polishes though but i like this one .
this conditioning masque doesnt seem like it works , its very runny and i didnt really see a big difference in my hair .
nice and sturdy , durable brushes ! they make the finest lines and are so well put together .. very happy i got these ..
these are awesome ! love them for facials , massages and make up applications . they keep the hair out of the way without messing it up too badly !
i got this scent after getting the women's edt - i love both fragrances very much - very nice winter fragrance .
awesome . this definietly is going to get a work out . these can also be used in crafting and simple pleasures of scrapbooking . it is a must .
i love the lavender scent and the consistency of the lotion . it doesn't take a lot to use as a body lotion , and it absorbs pretty quickly .
i was skeptical of the new technology , but my hair really does dry faster than with my old conventional blow-drier . i highly recommend this product .
i like oil products that spray instead of getting my hands slick when applying . this smells expensive and luxurious . a little pricey compared to some other options .
its the best top coat i've ever used its the same one we use at the salon i work at and its so shiny and glossy and dries so fast
amazing scalp relief . i love it cos it makes enough foam . its a very good shampoo for my curly hair
this was a rip off , it helped huge pimples but not blackheads at all , all i was doing was stabbing at myself !
yes i loved this product . good for hair and scalp , makes hands soft . smell was alright to me . gave it five stars .
i don't see any changes but i keep using it . it must happen slowly overtime . it is within my budget .
very soft , and easy on the skin , plus much cheaper than others i have seen ; it does a great job with mineral veil ;
absolutely love this brush . have used it 4 days and already notice a difference in the softness and shine as opposed to a regular plastic bristle brush .
i was kinda effie when i ordered these but to my surprise they were really good .. heavy weight and they work very well .
i like this product , it is gentle on the skin plus it has a pleasant smell . i will continue to buy this product .
i like this foundation , it's very light coverage . you really should see the colors at a store before ordering online .
used this for the first time last night and my hair feels great . soft and smooth . i love this shampoo .
it's smaller then i thought pretty colors but not pigmented you can even see the colors on even with primer or mac fix + ugh im dissapointed
hasn't helped too much with my acne but it doesn't dry out my skin and it leaves it smooth and hydrated . love the smell .
i am very pleased with my purchase of this hair setter . it has the right sized rollers , and i like the heated clips .
this was just okay for me , i didn't really see a huge difference . i'll keep it and still use it though .
love the soft feel of the bristles . the size of the brush is great for contouring , and precise blush / highlighter placement .
i love this sculpting gel for my brow . it does not leave my brows flakey . my brows look great and natural . thank you .
tried several times , just like spritzing water on your face ! it doesn't do like it should !
love the pusher and use it as a scooper for acrylic nail work . this tool is amazing and wouldnt know what to do without it .
havent goten them yet stll wateing for them it is 11/14 / 13 and geting frustrated a bit on the delivery and all wishing it was here
my jaw and head hurts more than the target area of my chin and neck . i don't think that i will continue with this product .
after receiving this i realized i had had one of these for the problems with teenaged skin . now it does a nice job exfoliating !
i use this before a blow out , and it leaves my hair nice a shiny . plus it truly does protect me hair . i just love it !
i looked at a lot of reviews before i ordered this product . the reviews really helped sell this curing lamp . it is just what i needed !
i never tasted it , but my kiddo hated the taste and stopped the biting habit after 2 weeks ..
im new at applying eyelashes but ive tried diff ones a did ok , these are to stiff and cant get them on .
this was not my color , but i guess you can't expect the best when you order makeup off the internet .
i like these for removing gel and acrylics . but they are a little tight for my fingers . and the acetone spills out of them at times .
i wanted a little more power . the way the cream gets stuck in between the bristles bothers me . it's kind of hard to clean .
1 for everyone in the family and they work really well . i've spent more and been much less happy . a great value .
the price is right and they fit my mia sonic care great . would recommend this . will reorder this when needed .
has a wonderful smell , does the job on removing polish and really conditions your nails and cuticles at the same time . love this product .
just another one of those amazing things to make doing freelance makeup just that much easier . holds many brushes , keeping your hands and station free of clutter .
this flower's are nice and the size is perfect they look good , the colors are very pretty . my custumers are happy .
i have little puffy spots at each end of my mouth and this serum makes them appear more evened out--less puffy .
awesome , great for skin absorbs quickly ! non greasy , works good over night wake up w smooth skin . go try it
it looks great on any skin tone . i think such a wonderful neutral color for the fall and winter season .
i got this for someone for their birthday , and it was a nice , cute metallic and festive addition to their present .
so many comliments . the color is well pigmented and has a nice blue undertone . can be drying , but just moisterize before application as usual .
this product was great , it is exactly the product i was looking for for the price i was looking for
built well and has many time options , use it at home for my own gel nails . can't be happier . was a great price too !
i am happy to say these made it fairly fast for being international . a great thin brush for fine details .
i don't think this product works for me . i've used it for more than a few weeks . but i don't see results .
as a matter of fact , i feel stupid using it . the things we women will do to try and erase wrinkles short of having a face lift !
great mascara to lengthen lashes without having to wear false lashes . i wear this daily to make my eyes pop .
didnt like these pads for makeup removing . i will go back to cold cream .
i didn't care too much for this product , when i worked out it dripped on to my face and that i didn't care for .
was surprised by how thick it goes on but does not cause acne and that is a huge plus because everything i tried before made it break out .
perfect for my lip products . just a cheap plastic thing . decent price . would buy again .
i recommend this product . for you all in the humid south , try it . it's not expensive.it worked better than the expensive products .
i wish the bottles werent so small but the colors were cute it just chips really easily but i guess it's cute
as a part of the daily routine , this is a good option if you have an oily or combination skin type .
in combination with the other products , my skin is beginning to look bright . the whole line of avani is reasonably priced , as well
easy to cut the nails to the proper length and works for helping taking the gel or acrylic nails off .
finally got this and it is beautiful i would recomand it to any girl or lady out there it is very colorful and i love it thanks so much ...
i love this moisturizer . it covers my face well and it is good protection from the sun . i will definitely keep buying this product .
this product is the best . it feels really nice and dries quicker than anything . my coworkers actually asked me about the tan ! it's great !
i received this yesterday . started using it right away . use it this morning and i can tell a difference in my skin texture !
this is the color i am staying with now . i highly recommend it to those who color their hair at home .
i don't recommend this for regular use , but it works as an emergency measure when you need a shampoo but don't have access to the usual facilities .
love this brush , just wish it would extend longer , has a short nubby base , seems small even forfull size but love the softness of the brush
look really bad on me . very cheap but my friend liked it and i gave it to her . not a total waste like my other wig purchase .
the smell is great . also , the moisturizing soap is true to work . leaves the skin moisturized , in comparison to other soaps .
you don't find many pretty hair accessories in the orange color . i love orange and was very pleased with the item .
this is a great product . exactly what i wanted good price.qqq q q q q q q q q q
the colors are great and u can use these for so many different things ! they were a great addition to my nail art stuff .
best base coat i have used , hands down . it extends the life of manicures and pedicures by at least a week .
suave is great and this is no exception . highly recommend d this for anyone wanting a bit more shine for their hair .
good price good product good presentation i recommend the product you can buy it several times excellent bran and you can be confident
great for applying relaxers . it also reduces chances of snagging the hair . it's easy to use and hold in hands
these came not just in the round shape in varying sizes , but also in heart shape in varying sizes , which i love ! they're adorable !
this is the best product for curly hair . it keeps hair soft and manageable . i use it regularly with other devalporudct .
never have to worry about drying skin out , product has pleasant fragrance , mild enough for facial skin as well !
amazing , clear perfect for france nails , nice material , i love it ( las recomiendo económicas y muy buenas , ideales para uñas francesas )
i like the spongy applicator and it glides on easily . however , it isn't anything special and i didn't notice much difference .
love the smell and how soft it leave my curls . wish it didn't cost so much ! amazon has the best price !
the liquid does not blend well with the powder and is extremely difficult to apply . i had a very hard time blending .
there is lots of variety in the size . the service was excellent and the product is too . i'm hally with my purchase
my sister likes this because the colors are what she uses all the time and it make it good to use daily with the colors
very good for doing designs on your nails . i would recommend these if you like doing designs on your nails and like gemstones .
it's an ok toner . but it didn't really transform my skin . and i even feel it is a bit pricey for what it does .
like roc it is a good product and most of us like it . there are some better but it does what it needs to .
it didn't work . i didn't see any difference . my skin still the same as before even if i used it for 2 weeks .
i love this brush very much ! it's the perfect size and applies products so well . i totally love it and highly recommend it !
i saw no significant difference in my hair ... it mulled great but it didn't do the justice of its rave reviews . i personally wouldn't purchase again
has really helped my dry skin . since using this product , i don't have any trouble anymore . i also use their oatmeal and shea butter body wash .
love the bronzer in this product . will be purchasing more of this soon . i usually don't like bronzer , but this product has changed my mind .
i absolutely love this stuff . i would recommend this to any person that has frizz . it makes my hair feel so silky smoothe .
this brush is very good.doesn ' t tangle up my hair like most brushes so , and no static involved with this .
love the fragrance . it is posh , not too strong , but outstanding , people will notice when you wear it . i recommend .
love it after microdermabrasion , or after a peel ! soothing , comforting , very moisturizing . clears skin with salicylic acid , but gently . great !
i wouod give this a five star if they didnt leak i thought this was so cool until i used them i wish i never bought them now
my wife's uses with cleanser . don't worry if you have sensitive skin . twice a week is just right so will last a long time .
i was excited when i received them but then looking closer i noticed that they were not all filled with the same amount . so were pretty empty .
this has a clean relaxing sent . the scent is great . what else can really be said , it's soap . it cleans !
i've been using this product for about 4 years and its keep my hair from being too damaged while i grow it out ..
i've used this product for a year now . i have allergies to many hair products so i was happy to find one that works for me .
i've been using this product for around a month now . i see no difference in my skin . it moisturizes nicely but don't expect to see any miracles .
have not seen much improvement as to my lines around the eyes . how long should it take before you see benefits ?
i purchased this for my granddaughter and she loves it . she started using it right away and loves the colors .
though i left it on overnight under a processing cap . it has redeemed my over bleached hair and it smells amazing .
this product makes the hair soft . the scent of the mint almond is a bit much though . would rather have a less powerful scent .
have used other pricey argan oils , and this is just as good without the high cost ! highly recommend you try !
i have real bad small stray hairs around my crown and always wear my hair in a ponytail for sports.this works great and doesn't leave white flakes .
i used this for everything and it is a very good product . really helps aide in healing . just pure aloe , is great .
love the smooth feeling on your skin . can't say i have noticed any difference , but i love using this product .
good price for the amount of these ! i'm always losing mine so its nice to have a big bulk .
all i can say is , she loved those too , thank you ... when she's happy , the whole house is happy , again thanks .
got this as a christmas present for my husband . he loves it ! much cheaper then buying in the store and a large bottle !
this product is high quality and heavy for the size . fast shipping considering it's coming from i think china . super cute !
this spray smells very good and i get a lot of compliments when wearing it . absolutely recommended to any girl out there
proven cancer stimulators . why not choose another garnier product that doesn't have parabens ? it seems most of them don't have parabens .
works awesome on my severely dry skin ! moisturizes completely and stays moist for 24 hours ! very thick and the best part has no scent !
this brow pencil works wonders on your eyebrows , it makes your eyebrows look define and it looks like you got them done by someone professional .
i absoulutly love these , i use them all the time to make flowers & polka dots , by far my favourite nail tool .
brushes are soft , i like that they are small enough to carry around easily
great base coat ! it's definitely makes any nail polish last long , especially when paired with the top coat ! great buy !
absolutely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a highlighter but with sensitive skin as i do ! absolutely stunning but natural look ! ! <3 <3 <3
worthless , don't even bother buying this . does nothing for dark circles . tried it for a full month , nothing different ! really a waste !
a great buy and alot for your money smells great and package well i loved the size of the bottle
this is perfect to use for my curling iron so it does not burn my bathroom counter . no complaints at all
these colors are so beautiful and so shimmery ! ! i love that i can now do my own nails this good ! !
i used this product after getting a tca peel and it really helped soothe my skin and control the peeling and flakiness . highly recommended !
i was expecting more from this product but it didn't seem to hydrate my face the way i thought it would .
a great orange with a slight shimmer . good coverage in 1-2 coats . great for summer or halloween ( or year around for me , i love orange )
its a good palette for the price ! great for a gift and traveling ! eyeshadows are pigmented which is a plus !
this is too light ... didn't do anything for my hair . i also found the shampoo terrible ... left my hair dry . i wouldn't recommend it .
i love this only thing is it made my hair soft but not smooth and straight like it leads you to believe cant afford it but worth the amazon price
very nice quality on this product , but somehow the appearance of the lashes disappointed me . they are , however , very comfortable to wear and durable too .
i like product because my hair needs moisture but not enough for my needs , small bottle not large enough for my needs.would like to find a larger bottle
perfect and about 1/2 the price of a salon purchase . i love this product . just took acrylics off and needed to strengthen my nails .
should have more glitter in it . i expected really glittery gold but is more transparent and after 2 coats that golden shine is gently visible .
helpful with the nail art plates , once get some practice you may not need to use it to achieve the steadiness needed
only problem with this item is that its messy ... thought the hexagon were bigger too but its the small size looks like circles .
i like this bath product . although not a bargain it was about 20 % less than other sources . smell is pleasant , clean .
these are a great addition to your nail art supplies , they give you lots of colors and the price is great .
great set . all the shades are very nice , especially the impossible . a nice cheap way to try the liquid sands .
i like this because it is light and gives good coverage ... all went well i have kind of reddish skin sometimes so it tones it down some
i am very satisfied with this product , it gave me the clean i was looking for and has a very pleasant smell .
some stores charge quite a bit for these blenders and this was a great for me . blends my make up really well . thanks :)
the nails on the mannequin arent very big . only one size nail fits on it so i didnt really help me practice
this product works great ! my skin is sooo soft . it's gentle , but gets the job done . worth the money , would buy again .
this lotion prevents my face from drying out while tanning and keeps it from getting greasy . however , i think it would be better with stronger bronzers
wen is an excellent product . it does a great job of moisturizing , conditioning , and hydrating my hair during those hot and humid summer months .
i think its an okay color , however it is light and is more of a top coat . can't beat the price
better than most on the store shelves but without the toxins which we all need to cut down on these days !
this is good flat iron spray ; smells great and works well with the flat iron ; purchased for my daughter and she love it
product was very wonderful i am i will recommend my friends and was quickly aluswol thank you very much thanks
well i love wearing eyelashes throughout the day but these are more for going out . i have not tried them yet , waiting for the right time !
my hair is still breaking so im not sure if this was really worth it - guess it was ok
i like the item the handle felt kinda cheap but it hasn't broke n that's wat i like about it will be buying other items from this seller
this stuff is just okay . it does help smooth out wrinkles a very tiny but , but it feels very sticky and crusty .
this is a cheap liner that even with endless amounts of primer and setting powder still bleeds . will not reorder very disapointed .
great quality . this is really a good purchase . the price and quality ... both great . they are tiny so it is perfect for traveling .
this is a nice moisturizer .. not heavy , smells nice . i use it daily , with or without my makeup .. i will buy this product again !
very natural and you will feel clean ... makes your face feel the way it should .. slowly fades dark spots and pimples i like it alot
this is a nice addition to my collection of shellac colors . this is nice alone or over a color to add a bit of sparkle .
i like this primer very much . it has a nice subtle scent and makes eyeshadow last far longer without it .
nice and stiff , makes your skin feel great ! the handle is just long enough and you can remove the brush for ease of use .
they're definitely stainless steel . they're coming from china , but the product i received was german . anyway , they work perfectly !
i bought these little scissors snd happy with them . great price and they work great , sturdy and just as described .
these are a must if you are using gelish products . just know you also need several other things to make it all work .
first time ever using shea butter and conditioner definitely works treats and helps my hair very very well glad i got this shea butter for a great price
the picture is so different than what i got . it's more of a royal blue . the bright teal is not realistic .
as i am this is my first time of using it , and my hair like it a lot . is so soft
i am in love with this shampoo and conditioner . i use it on my one year old too . it's tingly greatness and smells amazing .
made my skin feel soft and clean . has a soft plastic face scrubber attached to bottle . nice apricot scent and is a mild exfoliating scrub .
smells great ! very pure . it's the right color . a little goes along way . just not sure if really gives any pain relief . can't hurt .
this perfume is exactly like the musk oil from years ago . oil stays on your skin for a long time without losing its scent .
fun designs , stamp well . no problems with what i have tried so far . having a good time playing with these plates .
love love love it ! was recommended to me by a friend and i'm so glad i listened , my skin feels great !
all great , i was happy with the item and what i paid for it . no regrets . i would recommend to others . 6
not sure if this product was effective , but it made me feel better using it anyway . i wouldn't purchase again . :-)
broke first use the brushes fall off at the handle , but they were soft brushes so i give a star for that
i love wen already . this is one of my favorite scents which is not currently available through wen . glad to find it .
i hope your business goes well . very much proud of what you do . keep it going i am very proud !
works great . i have not had any problems out of these . like most the designs i got . love doing my own nails .
very cute headband that will work well for a small girl and will be great to have on hand for gifts
if you have dry skin for whatever reason , this stuff is good and worth the price . i order it every month .
didnt know the product , smell is not the best but results are great . dont judge by the poor design of the product .. it works
i've been using it with foundation , and a couple of drops will do ! it blends it in much better than my usual foundation brushes .
i've paid for more expensive dry shampoos , and this one does just as good of a job , if not better and for a much more favorable price .
great size and price . i love the scent , i have sjogren's syndrome disorder so this product helps to keep my skin moist when i shower .
this is perfect for days when you just want a hint of color ... plus it stays on for the whole day !
so perfect ! this mascara makes my eyelashes look so much more full and voluminous . i did have to curl my lashes before applying for the best result .
if you need a cheap eye cream , this one does a decent job of providing moisture . i experienced no breakouts or irritation .
this brush set is soft and easy to handle . i decided to share a couple with my sixteen year old granddaughter and she is loving them .
really good , the first dry shampoo that leaves my hair soft and don't leave my hair with the white dust powder .
was hoping for a clearer mauve color ... this is to brown for my taste , however , very pretty sparkle shimmer to it
i use this every day . i get compliments on my skin all the time , and i love how it smells ( lavender ) .
i got this to try my hand at nail stamping . this product is easy to use and simple to clean .
i feel this cleanser works pretty good , it does lather just enough , it seems to take off my makeup pretty well also .
i started buying this when it first came out and have been using it ever since . it goes on smooth and makes my face look so fresh .
don't get the hype , really did nothing for me . i'll keep using till gone , but will not buy again . still looking
i have combination skin and the oil is too greasy for me , but i can see how it would help someone with dry or very dry skin .
i really love the way it makes my face feel , i will buy this product again in the near future
this really has a nice smell and it really helps me get going in the morning . four more words needed .
i love suki products . i have very oily and blemish prone skin and these are the only products that have helped me get my skin under control .
i need this all the time to prevent my face from getting dry and cracked . i always use it many times a day and get good results .
exactly as described and expected . it doesn't rip at hair or break hair even thin hair on sick people its great !
el producto no me parecio muy bueno , esperaba una fragancia mas agradable y seductora acorde al nombre del perfume y relacionado con la serie de tv .
this works pretty well but i am still not used to the stickiness of honey but i gave the other two away and they love it
i love shellac so trying out the different colors is fun for me . this is a good going out on the town color .
it is a pretty color , but the blue wasn't as light or bright as i was hoping it would be .
amazing product , in my 50 ' s and my eye lashes have thinned this product makes my lashes look like they are full and long ! ! !
works very nicely for using on your bottom waterline to make your eyes appear bigger and brighter ! stays on for a decent amount of time as well .
great product but i am not sure if it work . my hair was left frizzy . but will keep trying it .
excellent makeup ... really had wanted to buy more but when i try and did not have any hope to get another chance !
great service . arrived early . looks great . hearts come in gold and silver and in small ziplock bags ? overall great , for the price .
very gentle on the skin , didn't dry my face but but did help control the oil . smells nice and fresh also .
try to apply the colors nothing stays , don't order i have never ordered cosmetic so bad as this waste of money
this shampoo did a great job on henna treated hair . does not strip the color and leave it feeling very clean and silky .
great skin serum and for using the electrostatic wands to tighten . use it in the morning and at night . it really softens my skin .
this is a summer staple for me ! it has a good brush and doesn't irritate so that is really all i can ask for !
great nailpolish , received it right away , i would recommend it to anyone that wants glittery nails ! there is lots of glitter
my wife has used covergirl and olay simply ageless serum primer for quite some time now and says it is a great product for her
completely absorbs water so your hair dries quickly.they ' re not heavy towels , so i was surprised they worked so well .
this will be my main soap along with ivory . this soap moisturizes my skin and hair . no breakout , and the soap last long .
these brushes are so worth buying ... if you are a makeup guru you must have these brushes in your collection ... they are excellent to work with
this is so cute ! awww ! i love it ! no dudes ! the best things come in small containers ... totally agreed ! i'm very happy !
these are dirt cheap and i use them a couple times a week at least . if you're thinking about getting into nail art , you need these !
i really like this rose water smells really good i use it with my oils for my hair and skin i wish the smell would last longer though .
great smelling lotion and it works like no other . the bronzer is spot on and gets you a deep tan in no time . truely a superior product .
this is a dark red with a brownish tinge in some lights and purplish in others . either way it's an awesome color .
i am an esthetician and i loove this stuff . it's not irritating , doesnt smell , isnt sticky or greasy . plus it acts like a tinted moisturizer .
just like several ladies in my book club suggested this leave-in works great . it leaves my hair feels soft not all dried out after cowashing and air drying .
with all the expensive creams with retinol in them this one i can use as it does not have retinol .
it's a lovely color but i fear that the frost if off putting . i will add it to my unused beauty products collection .
it made my eyelashes that i lost grow back but not too long or thick :/ the only thing it did is make them grow back
i have very course hair that has been damaged . this product really makes my hair softer and more manageable . love it
this stuff is really good . the price is right . it gives a natural color . i doesn't make my hands orange .
the sponges are holding up without getting shabby or leaving tiny little fuzzies all over . cheap , good quality , large quantity . what's not to love ?
i use the dotting tool for cleaning around the cuticle when using gel . it gets everything off nicely . use to clean away under the nail as well .
i love this stuff ! ! i have been doing my own manicures for years , and the regular use of this has greatly strengthened my nails !
very comfortable and easy to wear . i love that they are wide so i can either scrunch them up or let them lay flat .
i am using it for some weks and i really feel my face sking great , hydratation is what i was looking for and i got that with this cream
i use the clarisonic twice daily . i need a delicate brush head . this delicate brush head meet all my expectations .
the brush sheds like crazy , not usable . the dotting tool works good . this brush is alot smaller than i thought it was going to be .
love mrs . meyers products . good for the earth and us . the apple smells delicious . i'll get it again and again .
omg , smells so awful . leaked through package when i got it . sorry but will not order this again .
great and loyalthe most best curling wand there is , highly recommended ! ! ! a must item ! for every girl who likes soft cute curly hair .
not completely full but theyre great . i love them . theyre pretty and stick to any wet polish thanks alot seller
makes your skin soft and not greasy or oily . no perfume and works great on husbands dry skin and elbows .
i am so glad they have lots of organic options online . i love the product , and use it often . came rather quickly , too .
loved it , great color . works perfectly . i give it more than 5 stars . color is wonderful . cover grey really well .
this body lotion smooths into the skin really nice and does not feel greasy . it has a slight fragrance that is nice . great buy for the price .
shipping was fast .. this is my go to stamping plate .. the images fit my nail really nice .. great for making decal also .. great buy ..
i have not used them yet but they did come when they were supposed to and all the pieces were in the box !
these nail sticker work great to make straight lines . use these every time i want to create a french tip
i save my boar bristle hair brushes for when my hair is dry and use this out of the shower . works great and fits nicely in the hand .
this product is great notice the difference in the feel of my skin after first use healthy n youthful .. look forward to on goin results
love this product and keep re-ordering because i do ! decided to get the larger one this time . hair is so healthy and no more loss of hair
i thought this would smell similar to amazing grace but it does not . however it does have its own unique scent , i like it .
this is cheap , and awesome when it comes to contour and highlight but nothing breaks my face out , this product does !
use it to deep condition and detangle my hair without major breakage . the tooth's on the comb are wide and smooth .
great , i purchased this for my husband who had tiny pimples on his back . using this has made a huge difference . his skin glows again .
very cool shimmery , glittery color for over other colors of polish . a little purple kinda color . really a nice addition to my gelish collection
its ok for the price . its not super soft like the beauty blender but for the price it does a fair job
i absolutely love cnd shellac . it lasts as long as they say it does if you apply it correctly . i really like this color as well .
great product for dry hands espec during the winter months . dermatologist recommended . eucerin has a all over body creme w / oatmeal that hydrates your skin .
egronomically sounds . i love that it is stainless steel . it is sharp , and cuts nails cleanly . it will last for a long time ! !
i am pleased with the brushes and the case . the delivery was speedy too .
this cologne is very light and " summery " . it smells a bit of sweet citrus , but remains sophisticated . very clean and fresh .
just as expected - works fine in the simple human motion sensing soap pumps . not too strong of a smell .
glides on like a charm and makes my eyeshadow last hours i defiantly would recommend this product to my friends ! .
i love this product . have used this for years . thank you maybelline . and yes , i have used maybelline for years .
love these ! ! great value and love the tiny bottles ! ! so cute . i will be ordering more when i see they have more designs .
really helps my stomach after years of searching and trying walmart brand pro-biotics . just taking one pill a day makes the difference !
nessary.who could resist and at this price . planning to go for a present for all those who need to be special .
this blow dryer is the best i've ever had or tried . it dries my hair quickly and with a smooth finish . highly recommended
i like it a lot . no clumps , no mess , and my lashes look like i got falsies on . would buy more .
i just received this color and i love it ! i can't wait to paint my nails ! it is a awesome color !
i have been using this for years and this is my first time getting it from amazon . the price was hard to beat and i order again .
the trays on the top are very flimsy . one was broke when i received it and the other broke within the first time of use .
love this lip pencil . i use it on a regular basis and would recommend it for a good nude color .
will order more of this miracle oil love it moisturizes and feel great on the skin every one should have this in their home love it
clumps a lot , and smells terrible ! it's got this awful smell that reminds me of melted plastic . never buying this brand of mascara again .
nice headband for my daughter . the turquoise is reallypretty and is like satin . it also holds her hair in place quite nicely !
this stuff really works . i have baby fine hair and it makes me look like i actually have hair . it also has slowed down my hair loss .
i find that this softens my cuticles and makes it easier to trim them--i usually use it just before hopping in the shower--but it's not a dramatic cure-all .
ordered it as a gift for my husband who is in early 30 ' s.he liked it and i love it on himgo for it ...
i find i have to keep spraying throughout the day because it just disappears which is too bad because it's super pretty and light for spring / summer
i was looking for a good tinted moisturizer and unfortunately this one was too sheer for me and the color did not match my skin tone .
excellent product , to strengthen hair , i use it before undergo any chemical process and my hair is always shiny and very bright and strength .
im very pleased with this product.works very well for my my thick and long hair.gets out tangles which i like .
just what i was looking for to organize and protect my jewelry for travelling . the design and material are of high quality , and easy to pack .
nice low cost , no funny stuff , classic productsometimes you don't want stuff that is too goopy and perfumedthis is just right - nothing overboard .
love , , perfect packaging and price , its works so good , i recomended . i get it to my friend and she loove it
my go-to concealer . i'm a little italian . light-medium in the winter and closer to medium in the summer . so yay
it did not come in the case as shown in the picture . but the tools are okay and works as intended . no wow feature .
its like a lot of my other eyeliners , i wouldn't buy it for full price but it was packaged very nice .
good quality polish , not old and gooey . goes on smooth and looks nice , could have been a bigger bottle for the price but oh well
love this product - second time i've purchased it . leaves my skin feeling smooth and hydrated.great feeling - great results !
i really wanted the mommy 2 wig but thats ok and i will restyle it and enjoyed it as well . but it is beautiful too
this smells great , and i love the lotion that goes with it , but it doesn't leave my hair feeling very soft or clean .
great item , need more of certain sizes and lessof other uncommon sizes , i found out i used more size 4 and 5 than any others ..
works great and perfect tone for my skin . covers smoothly and evenly and hides my rosacea . best of all it lasts all day long and does not smear
white lash glue dries clear . easily picked off removed lashes enabling reuse of the strip lash . reminds me of rubber cement when dried .
love this beautiful fragrance ! one of my favorites ! ! it's subtle yet noticeable ! it's a very clean and fresh scent ! would recommend to anyone !
fabulous ! ! works for even the driest , troublesome skin conditions . a little goes a long way . highly recommended .
i have no clue why this was discontinued because it makes the perfect nude lip . i'll most likely buy a few more tubes before they're all gone .
this is definitely a useful organizer for those who buy multiple round plates with no cases . it holds them in place and easy to find
just what i wanted . right size for purse and travel . like the ability to see where each item is . may buy more .
keeps my hair really soft , great product , works well , will definalty purchase another one in the future for myself and family
extremely pleased with my purchase of this product . the variety of colors are great and the rolls will last for a long while .
i like the size and the containerit is not too much grit so my face does not feel raw after using it
this soap smells good and hasn't dried out my hands with frequent use . suds well and rinses off easily . will buy again .
draws very accurate , bristles are soft but firm enough to make great winged eyes.you can go wrong with this brush
this serum is a great moisturizer and it disappears into your skin leaving no greasy film . i use it every day . it does not cause any blemishes .
pretty good for the price . it gets the job done and i will be purchasing another set to have as backup .
i have combo acne prone skin and i love this stuff ! ! it's very gentle . and the smell is soft but wonderful .
this soap is excellent . it is very creamy and i am very happy with it - my skin is post-menopausal dry and this helps a lot ..
jojobo oil is good , but it doesn't combat dry skin as good as sweet almond oil . i mix it with macadamian oil .
the product itself is very nice but the scent was not something i could tolerate .
this doesn't clean well . save your money for something that works . it's not worth it even at half the price
good smell ... control oil , hydrate , and provide broad-spectrum , with matte effect in the skin . perfect !
this finger is small and only has a stud no nail . im trying to figure out how to add a fake nail and make it look better.fast shipping +
the serum is excellent . i recommend using it with the exfoliator , eye cream and night cream . i saw great results !
this is a great substitute for washing your hair when you don't have the time . one can lasts longer than i expected .
i love all of opi's products and this is no different . it's the perfect base coat to your opi color . i highly recommend it .
it was a total ripoff . i paid for all those bows and only got ten . my daughter was so mad !
i brought l'oreal youth code for my hubby and i have being using it for myself also ... i just love it
have used this product for a number of years and will not use any other topcoat product . it is the best ..
my stylist recommended this terrific moisturizing conditioner . it leaves your hair soft and shiny , helps remove tangles , and smells good too .
without a primer and base colors do not show up well enough . definitely awesome assortment of colors and packaged great .
love these they are nice and small and only got 3 duplicates ! love the assortment of flowers , butterflies , and fruit ! !
they are what is advertised . its great for my 3yr olds hair and nice to have so many and so many different colors .
this is a nice set of rhinestones for use with nail art . there is a wide variety of colors but not sizes .
i have very sensitive skin and this does well with moisturizing without being greasy . it feels light and fresh on my skin .
beautiful and cheaper than going to the store even with shipping . makes me look 5 years younger and looks smooth and natural . love it !
love the protection cnd gives my nails . i have soft nails that crack and split , this product really protects my nails and does not damage them ...
this came in proper time and works well with my layered long hair . i would suggest this product to anyone of my friends and family .
this does not do a great job of detangling . it is hard to hold . bristles are stiff and rip wet tangled hair .
it ok i dont use as much it ok if like something diffrent . it last on nails shine to it
i love these concealers . i use them for my under eyes , as i have dark circles and it does a wonderful job hiding and blending !
it feels so good in the skin , so many options and so refreshing for the sking , plus the price is awesome .
love this moisturizer . i've been using it now for about 5 years . love all of his products .
using this was a little weird the first couple of times you use it but smooth and fast sailing after that .
this has great colors and is at a wonderful price . i love it and i use it everyday . it comes with and applicator but i use brushes .
i did not like the smell of it or how my hair felt afterwards . it was not a good product to buy .
the combination of this serum and moisturizer is a great value . keeps your face looking dewy and healthy . i will buy again .
these work great and i love them . one of these with a nice body wash will do the trick right . good quality
i like the brush set , but i'm constantly gluing the brush part back onto the wood , it's pretty irritating .
this white color is a little too watery but it works fairly well for french manicures . a thick coat bubbles up when curing in the uv lamp .
have worn this for 20 years , it is my romantic fragrance . get lots of , " what are you wearing ? " highly recommend !
i really have nothing negative to say . it doesn't clump , and for a mascara addict , i think it works perfectly :)
this belt has good sized pockets for most brushes and the little pockets are excellent for storing products ! ! again , an ideal gift
this product came on time and was in perfect condition . this color is great and can be worn any time of the year !
love oil of olay product line . they have been around forever and their line just keeps improving . will buy again
perfect for the nail designs or anything amall . i bought two packs of them . everything is so much easier now that i have these smaller brushes
i love this wig . it is almost completely like the picture . i am definitely going to recommend it to all of my girlfriends .
after 2 months = no result , at all grape seed oil works better and cost 100 times less
for that many shadows , at this price ... how can it get any better ? i think the little kit itself is adorable , too .
i have a lazy eye and this make it so much better so my eyebrows are the same thank you so much
i only use garden of life products and they are amazing . raw , vegan , and no additives / artificial anything in it . great product .
i was having some difficulties picking up color on the brushes but they are very soft on skin and i love it for light hand application .
item came on time . it's the same like on the picture and i really like it . all of them are the same size
idk why laitly thing show up here that i did not even buy but i write something so it will erase but it's werid
i like this base coat more than any other i've tried . it doesn't peel off easily like other ones do and my polish stays on longer .
this is a great starter kit - it has a little bit of everything . great quality and all was shipped in tact . another great shany buy !
these are perfect for many styles and easy to use . i have only used them a few times , but the end results were cute .
this offers nice coverage - clean & smooth looking . it doesn't look like you have makeup on with the lightest full coverage .
i love love love . it's made excellent and greatly priced . takes awhile to get to you but absolutely worth it .
need to make a dark blonde that is an ashen color , can't find a good color to use for a blonde .
this oil smells smooth and it has a soothing affect for me ' a little bit goes a long way as well ' great oil , i love it '
doesn't feel heavy or greasy . i'm a few weeks away from 50 and it feels good on my skin . give it a try .
this serum is well suited to my sensitive skin . i can still use it when i'm having breakouts on the face and it actually helps breakouts disappear .
i am happy with the product . i can count on it to cover areas i needed covered without a doubt
this product came in a timely matter . it's a nice product seems just like one used at the nail salon .
cannot really say yet whether or not this product is helpful . this is the first time i bought it and the jury is still out .
makes nails nice and shiny and healthy looking . even my fiance is using this stuff for this nails . good product
these filers work great , they are what i expected . they work on multiple tools i have . i would recommend them and i would purchase them again
very pretty color goes on smooth and nice . it also dries pretty fast.if younput lighter layers on it looks better and dries faster inbetween layers .
great bobby pins , in a good little tub . i liked that because i lose bobby pins all the time . awesome product .
it does what it says it will do . coat the lashes first then put on mascara.it helps to make lashes look fuller . i like it .
product came on time and was packaged nicely =) they are very soft they do not irritate my eyes what so ever . happy with this purchase .
bought this wing cap for a school play in which my daughter had to wear a wig . useful . it did the job .
i love this bronzer ! ! it is so pigmented you only have to use very little ! ! such a great buy , it's definitely worth the money !
it hurts way more than the 1.0 mm one i purchased . not sure why , i still will use this but not as often .
this product is excellent for natural hair ; i am loving it . however , it is above the price as compared to other product i tried
foaming wrap lotion works like a charm . not too costly but high quality product . doesn't leave your hair sticky or crunchy . recommended
these are great nail polish . i gave them as a christmas gift , and they were a hit . i recommend these .
this bottle is alright , but the mist is not that fine . i like my cheap $ 1 spray bottle from walmart better .
i love the rubber grip on this tool . it makes it easier to grip when pushing back cuticles . very sturdy as well and reasonable cost .
it really creates good texture for my hair according to those ingredients listed and it smells perfume as a bonus touch to my body .
my dermatologist recommended this product to me . i actually use it to shave my legs and it really helps to reduce ingrown hairs ! works really well .
this product is great and i use it almost weekly . my only suggestion is that it needs more big rollers .
love these little guys . haven't really tried super expensive brushes - mainly have mac or laura mercier brushes and these are just as good .
this is a must have product if you are a nail stamper in enthusiast like me ... it holds all my plates
but this is another one that is not good for me but good for my friend.another gift for my friend a remember you gift ...
this tool works just fine . just like the salon tools . tools for chicks . it is great . i would buy again .
i use 3 of the 4 brushes on a daily basis . they're very good quality and holds up pretty good through washings .
i dont get they hype over this setting spray stuff . there is not dewy finish and my make up does not stay in place any better or longer
doesn't smell awful but still smells and performs like emu oil . i'm sold . the texture is really nice compared to some others i've used .
a little chalky and dry feeling but a nice color ( sierra ) . it is pretty long lasting .
i did receive this product for free but that does not mean that my review is biased . i love this product ! definitely would recommend .
if i use this straight up it's far too dark on my fair skin , so i cut it with jergen's tinted moisturizer and i get the perfect color .
i don't recommned this product . yes it's cheap but the more expensive lash growth serums work way better do not waist your money
i tried mixing it with beige concealer but its too orange and doesn't work for me . i will stick with mac pro long wear concealer
this blush brush blends amazingly well and is soooo soft . i can't believe it's so cheap ! it's my favorite go-to blush brush !
i bought same product from avon lady at twic the price . this cream has two weights , for upper vs lower under eye . takes eyeshadow nicely .
i got the tip for these from michelle phan and just as she said these help you to keep your brushes in great shape while drying or travelling .
i have used this lotion for two years , it is comfortable lightweight and helps protect against sun damage . i trust the olay brand .
not only does it help set polish well , it is very shiny and stays that way for about 6 days . recommend .
my dermatologist recommended this product line . i heartily agree with her endorsement ! i can tell a difference in the smoothness of skin under my eyes .
it was worth the buy :) ) i got this as a face massager cause i have tmj an it works for me lol
this is such a cute image plate . the designs come out crisp and they look great . this is my favorite plate so far .
nice slightly deeper red with matte finish , no glitter . i like it and can't wait to use it with all the top coat shine !
this color is gorgeous ! perfect mint / neon green , i will be purchasing this again and again in the future as it is so lovely .
i really like this eye creme . i have very sensitive skin and have no issues with this product irritating my skin.love it !
these pencils are not long lasting at all . however , i still like the quality and the colors . they are very natural .
this pallette is great ! it is very reasonable in price and it includes a great color variety ! love this ! great for highlighting and contouring
this is an absolute must to get great coverage with mineral makeup . i love it and use it from concealer coverage of redness .
i was expecting a fresh and sweet scent and was greatly disappointed . i think the scent is too .. mature and a tad too musky .
beautiful colors , just wish they went on darker . a couple are very light and hard to see . love the orange which is my favorite .
i love this neutrogena skin entrancer . it goes on smoothly and fits well with my skin tone . i also love that it has spf .
each brush delivers what it promises ! it does not cake - on the makeup but gives a nice natural finish . love this set !
awesome , i love these marker type liquids i cannot live without them . great for when i need to apply quickly .
these work great , i like them because they're shaped , but for the price , i think tape works just as well .
love the color .. it is very comparable to the " tiffany blue " ... i always get alot of compliments when i wear this color .
i got these for my niece and she is loving them . she doesnt know which colors to use first . awesome
smells great , moisturizing eye area sufficiently but not greasy , i also like the pump design--it is convenient and avoid contaminating the cream . great product !
sorry , but this cream does not self tan at all . i looked at the jar several times to make sure i did not buy just regular lotion .
this is a great conditioner for anyone what has any type of damaged hair . within a couple of treatments hair is stronger and less frizzy .
magenta color with subtle purple hue shimmer . applies very nice and smooth . two coats needed to achieve true bottle color .
smells good and soaks in nicely , no greasy feeling . only complaint is doesn't seem have a long lasting moisturizer . smell is pleasant .
this product applies my makeup really good and also removes it . i order the large bag since i use it for both purposes . i recommend this product .
it is so easy to use ! ! ! i got the most beautiful curls and it only took me about 20 minutes . buy it !
this brush cleaner is a must . it really comes in handy and easily removes hair from the bristles of my denman brush .
i love these , they are easy to use , and easy to paint in . if you need perfect eyes this adds the perfect eyebrow
great conditioner and cheap ! i had damaged hair due to highlighs and this made a huge difference .
can someone tell me . i have dry hair . the more i put in when flat iron , the more it feels like straw.am i doing something wrong ?
i like this a lot , but it burns through batteries so quickly ! other than that , it's a great tool to give lashes long-lasting curl .
i ordered this thinking i was getting bows . what i got was birds , cats & fish . they were cute but not what i wanted .
covers up every inferfection on your face and makes your skin look 10 times better goes on smooth comes off clean
i have been using proactiv for a month and a half once a day and it works . it works good .
i like opi nail polish but this tint is very thick and hard to apply . won't be repurchasing !
i can't really say much about this product as i have not tried it on its own . i have used it with other oils as recommended by others .
i love this hair brush . it gets out tangles and keeps hair smooth and silky . it is very versatile and does not in any way damage hair .
i love the coverage of this , goes on nicely & has a great matte finish . i will definitely buy this again !
my daughter tool me that i would be amazed with this mask and she was right . it will last me forever .
a thick lather lotion that deeply conditions the skin that it encounters . so far , it has its own feel with a cocoa butter scent .
this eyeliner is so smooth , and the fact that it came with a sharpener is great ! what a great product .
this is the only conditioner that detangles my hair . i leave it on sometimes overnight and my hair is silky smooth the next day after rinsing .
great product and perfect scent for the season . great smelling and adds a nice easy to style softness to your hair . love it ! ! !
leaves hair feeling stronger and cleaner . i see less hair in the drain after using this shampoo and conditioner combo .
smells a little funny and made my eyes sting a bit . just not fore me , so i gave it 2 my sister .
did not irritate my eyes , but did not really reduce puffiness or wrinkles . it is a decent product for its price .
i bought 1 jar of tree hut shea sugar body scrub & plan on buying more . it has made my skin feel so soft .
arrived on time , has great smeell and lathers well . you only need a small amount and it makes your skin soft and smooth feeling .
this out works the more inexpensive types . i will repurchase this item again . blends my make up so fast and even .
definitley recommend ! good price and theyre dramatic looking but they dont look fake like your typical 99 cent lash , no shine on them
soft brushes but i really wish they were labeled . i get them mixed up a lot . case is nice addition .
can't say enough about this facial peel . i use it 3 times a week and the results are wonderful.dead skin just rolls off my face .
this eyeliner is the bomb dot com ! i love anything mac and this eyeliner is no different . i recommend this product .
i've gotten tons of compliments on this nail polish from friends and strangers . it was reasonably priced and arrived on time .
i like using these , they don't feel harsh and didn't irritate my eyes at all . they are not too wet , or too dry .
this serum works great ! it makes my skin look great ! i highly recommend this item ! you will love it too !
love this masque.it really makes the skin look healthy and fresh.feels nice and smell amazing . i'd say give it a go .
i use this all the time when i have to cut nails i havent had any problems with this i like it
although it is cheap , it is pink good coloring and beautiful ! the natural color that a cheek becomes red at time after a bath will be made !
fantastic nails . quick shipping . would purchase again . this is a great bargain for how many nails you get vs the price per nail .
good on hair on its own or with coconut oil mixed.it is thick so requires some effort but worth it .
tightly meshed ; should last for a good while . you get good lather with it . hung by ribbon not rope . happy .
i thought these were rice paper sheets but turns out they aren't . they work ok , but not as good as the rice paper sheets .
i love this product its perfect for what i want to do with it . i would totally get this again if i need another one .
it is glycerin usp . a bit pricey here , but i shop by mail so it worked out okay . it is very thick and clear .
i rated this a three because i needed to click a star . since i am sending the other back i rather not even try this .
i love the long lasting polish and this stuff makes it last and shine great product easy to use will buy again
i use this cleaner everyday on my brushes . it is perfect ! leave my brushes feeling soft and smelling fresh . :-)
i followed the instructions and the dye washed off too quickly :( one or two washes and that was it . i moved to another brand
this is a very good detangler for my thick , curly hair . i am so glad i found this product on here !
gift for my wife .. its something different . she likes it but its not her favorite .. i would try the others maybe she might like them .. lol
the fabric did not feel like real satin but something like it . but i miss the feel of real satin to protect hairdo .
i haven't had the chance to use these yet but i love the look of them . the brush tips look like they will be just fine .
great , but i find the 50:50 shampoo leaves my hair cleaner and bouncier . this shampoo although good , leaves my hair slightly greasy feeling very soon .
alpine snow ... wow perfect alone or under other specialif you like to use stamp plates , i let a picture here to showhow it look
eye shadow color is very beautifu l , very color . eye makeup is very persistent . so i love it very much .
great set for pro and beginner set.perfect for mineral powders , loose powders.beautiful red and love how soft the brushes are and very easy to use .
cnd is the brand that i like the best . the under coat works well and again i like the larger bottle .
i am impressed with this cream , it is thick but goes on well and soaks into the skin nicely , i would recommend
these are great at removing makeup , but don't use on sensitive skin . i have rosacea and this caused some major breakouts .
these stocking caps slip . in order for them to stay put-hello ! dbl sided tape ! i wouldn't buy again nor would i recommend for the daily wearer .
i love love love this polish ! it's a beautiful nice dark color for the winter time or anytime . it's great
i use it with a mavala and everyone think i go to a professional salon best i have ever used !
i gave this to my mother as a gift because she has wanted one for a while and she really does love it ! thank you ! !
good mascara ... happy with this purchase i would buy this again . i shop on amazon for everything and think they are great !
i love my new brushes , there are so many that some of them i don't know for what to use it ... still love it
i like this , but , it's not worth the price . this is only a sample , not the full size . i wont be buying this again .
we've been working with chemical peels for years and we have really liked how this product works . the consistancy is good and the strenght is perfect .
this works and i am glad that i brought it ! i recommend it . it does calm and cool the skin .
it's hard to get solid lines . i'll work with it more but it really takes practice . you take more on off than you put on .
nice large size kitchen sink soap , with a pleasant scent ; especially useful when handling shellfish ... makes short order of odor .
really good , but smells weird . i wish it had a brush because the squeeze tube can be messy at times
i'm not convinced this dehydrates my nails any better than rubbing alcohol to prep for coats of gel , but it is easy to apply and it dries instantly .
good brush guards and easy to use . i use them for my brushes that i recently bought and they seemed did good job .
i rub it in and it does not stain my pillow cases . skin is smooth in the morning . love it ! good price too !
love this - it will be perfect over my blah creme colors like white and light pink , or even for the holidays !
i like it but would like it better if it lasted for more than a few shampoos on my very gray hair . it is good overall .
i have seborrhea dermatitis , this soap healed it immediately . it's a little pricey though , dermazinc works well too and it's cheaper .
this polish did not disappoint ! i love the color ! essie is aquality product and they have great colors to choose from .
love this stuff . works so well at holding my brows . an essential step every women needs in their beauty routine .
this product is wonderful , it brought life back to my hair and it also smells amazing . i would definitely , recommend this to anyone .
the only thing that grew for me with this was my anger ... at how much i spent for junk that does absolutely nothing but empty your wallet .
useful product . just need to use it sparingly , as it can be too much . good coverage and texture , for the price .
love this top coat for polish . it really helps to make your polished nails last longer . best i've ever used .
want shiny movable healthy hair ? ? ? this is your hair spray smooth and shiny hair , touchable and healthy try it you will not be disappointed
i got this for my mom since she wanted one :d she loves it ! it's great for creating supercute hairdos . :d
the product is good maybe im not steaming my face long enough . its still hard but not blemish when using it so far
this set is great if you are just starting out with your own nail art ... for the price , you can't beat it !
they did what they are supposed to do for my makeup party . no issues with this product at all . :)
avoiding the sun to avoid cancer and skin damage ? thumbs up . using a product with known carcinogens just seems counterintuitive to me . propylparaben . methylparaben .
beautiful colors ! this palette range from neutrals to brights . i love how pigmented all the shadows are and how little fall out there is .
love this lotion . i use it daily after the shower . my skin soaks it up . smells good , light weight . love .
i purchased this for my husband for christmas . although it's not my favorite scent on him , he really likes it and was happy to get it .
i've worn this foundation for years , so i was excited to see i could save a few dollars by purchasing it through amazon .
lots of different colors to choose from ! some are shimmery . works well for eyeliner too . i use this palette almost every day . i love it .
great ... love this product leaves skin soft evens it out . i bough the small one and had to get bigger bottle i loved it sooooo much :)
i mean .. what's there to say about hair ties ? i just bought them on amazon cuz i was too lazy to hop over to cvs ...
it seemes a little weak but actually it does a good job at teasing awat dead skin and ingrained dirt . suprised me so would ecommend it .
i like them , these are very good gems and nice size and i love the packagind and easy to use
really great for storing brushes and especially when i clean them . very attractive on my vanity but a little hard to find brushes the exact size .
i haven't had a chance to use this product yet as i am still waiting on the eye lashes i ordered .
however i have a lot spray and i donated to the victims of the storm of sandy to the people living in nyc
love l'oreal products . this is fantastic just as face powder with own brush . not looking for applicator . great for travel and of course home
i keep all my gel nail polishes in this . i like it because i can see through it and it holds enough .
very wonderful and beautiful blush . makes your cheek orgasmic glowing pink . this is the only blush i have found to look good on me .
saw this on tv cant wate for it to get here it hasent goten here and im geting angshious for it its 11/14 / 13 and cant wate
son is using it and it does dry up the back acne very well for now . will have to wait to see if it continues .
i wanted this because i love the smell of roses , it doesn't smell bad but should smell like roses . it's just ok
love the fragrance . its fresh and very feminine . it's my goto perfume ! it's on the expensive side but worth every penny !
i love all the agadir hair products . they smell so good and make my hair look & feel great . awesome !
i probably won't buy again . first ingredient is laurel sulfate . i don't find any volume at all . laurel sulfate can cause hair falling .
pros : it smells greatdetangleshas loads of sliphelps straighter styles holdcons : can make the hair a little brittle feeling if not coated with castor oil or shea butter
this is my second anastasia brow pen and it is very long lasting.it provides a natural look and it is quick to apply .
i really like this product . i can't wait to try other products from this hair care line . the smell is amazing
this are very big but pretty ! good for making your nails look fancy and fun !
the tips ( the silver part ) will fall off if not very careful , but easy to glue back on . works well for nail art .
i've been using it for a couple of weeks already and i can tell that my cellulite is definitely faded . derma restore looks like it's working for me .
wow these really make you go poo after hours of taking them ... i guess those are the side affect :/ good to get you hyper tho
this case is wounderful to store makeup and great to use for travel . good price and enough room for all of you favorite makeup .
it doesn't seem to do anything at all to the look of the lashes . not worth putting on at all .
this is a good color polish if u like dark coffee brown color . i didn't think it would have been this dark but ...
this is actually working and i could not be happier ( or more surprised ) by the results .
this is the best buckthorn seed oil on the market - i love how it makes my skin feel - don't need much - little goes along way
my son really like the smell of this cologne it is not too strong and the price was right ...
great product , tingles on your face when you use it and it doesn't take much to cover your face so it is a great deal as well .
this keeps my unruly brows in place when i av new growthsvery nice makeup purse must have . nyx muah ! ! !
i love this uv light / dryer . it is powerful and easy to figure out . i love doing my own gel manicures at home !
good , nice smell , seems like it works , i use it every few washes and after i get my hair relaxed .
it smells horrible and is a little messy , but it does massage pretty good . i would love this if they made better colors and scents .
my husband is diabetic . i ask a medical staff member often what is the best lotion a diabetic patient can use . they have always recommended this product .
i thought it would be amazing with all these reviews but it was just ok . it cleans really well but nothing amazing
this lotion is so good . it's perfect for ethnic women like me . this lotion kept my skin moisturizes until all day and all night .
i've used this soap for years and i love how my skin feels . i like the unscented cause i prefer less fragrance in my life.highly recommend this !
it doesn't disappear during the night like the aquaphor , and the medicated scent helps with breathing ( mouth breather ) during the night ..
it's ice to know that i wouldn't run out of my favorite cream . price is good and . good service too
after applying foundation , use concealer on dark circles under eyes then place setting powder in a v-shape . this will brighten area under eyes and around upper cheeks .
i love this conditioner , it makes my hair very soft and manageable . i will purchase the smooth as silk shampoo as well .
i love earth science it is all natural without any parabens , and this moisturizer moisturizes very well . i use it in rotation of other products .
i love the way this product feels on my skin . i apply it right after washing and rinsing my face each morning and night .
they look poorly made but they are pretty they also took a long time to get here too hope this helps
very face friendly . it has really soft brush ends and products rarely seeps in the brush . that's why it's easier to clean !
i love this color ... its the perfect spring color with its lavender pinkish hue . the formula for it is great as well .
glides on nicely , nice color , stays put , etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc
very useful , definitely recommend , awesome items . just ask the contruction of it get more attention . my tips keep falling of their post .
best purches ever gives me very nice work and totally worth it ! ! ! i would totally recommend it to whom will buy it
there are many cute images in this bundle . i was very excited to use them . they transfer nicely . very pleased with this purchase
looks nice on my bathroom sink , perfect size , sturdy good quality . i would recommend it , not very much more to say
kenra by kenra platinum is a true silkening gloss . it makes my long black hair glisten night and day ! i recommend this product and its seller .
amazing stuff ! great for extentions , human hair wigs and weaves this intense conditioner restores and bring luster back to hair
if you have allergies to fragrance and sensitive skin and eyes , this moisturizer is the go to product . great for mature very dry skin !
good for every day wear . good neutral color . what i was looking for . easy to apply on your own . no need for salon
it is wounderful producti think it is more beutiful than the keroan bb creamthe shade is sutible to meand texture is so finethank u
these do what bobby pins are supposed to do which is hold your hair back . the product is not exceptional but it does the trick .
i bought this product to use when making my own perfume using oils . this blends well without changing the scent of your oils and is an extender .
i love this item use all the time with my customers and they are very happy and satisfied with the way it looks love it
love the color , like the smell , love the brand ! great matte finish . i've bought several shades from this line already .
it is totally now what's shown in the pic , so i returned it . never used it so cannot comment on the product
great set for price . brushes are hard to get out of the case but besides that i really like them . case is not great !
most of the 5 bottles i received had little to no glue in them . they were dried up and had crusty pieces under the cap .
bare minerals bisque provides great coverage . it last all day and doesn't irritate my skin . i love this product and use it every day .
this is the only product i use for aftercare of my piercings ! it's so much easier than making it yourself ! well worth the price !
great product and price . shimmer is beautiful and easy to do . saves money on going to salons . :-) :-) :-)
does an excellent job and i'm so glad i have it . i use it on acrylic and gel and it does the job fine !
this was a good buy for the size . i will purchase again . smells good and refreshing not heavy and sweet .
i love the way it goes on . colors are beautiful . i will buy more when needed . thank you very much !
this helps reduce the appearance of wrinkles and fine lines while reviving my dry skin leaving it feeling smooth and rehydrated .
it does exactly what it is supposed to . works very well . it also cleans well . love sigma brushes so far .
this is my second bottle and i like it . it does not leave any grease after washing . the oil is very light too .
go to the actual website where it's only about $ 3eyeslipsface.com you won't regret it ! this stuff works so great !
fake perfume 1st i received it late also the box was wet so te perfume was liked used or filtered and then just alcohol and water .
pretty colors . good quality . using them for my fairy dolls decoration . very tinyand may be a little hard to pick up from plastic box .
left my hair flat and limp , although it was clean . this would be very nice for curly hair , i think .
i have an unearthly oily nose and this doesn't really seem to help much at all with that , however it's very helpful with other parts of my skin .
it does what its meant to do . finishing powder after all the makeup is already applied . just the right thing for my use .
this primer keeps most of my eyeliner in place all day . it is invisible and does not irritate my lids . a little bit goes a long way .
i loved the palette . it was just what i was looking for . thanks so much again shany for such amazing products !
i was very disappointed with this product . the smell is wonderful . but i really think its a good product but not for black hair .
this ultra-lift deep wrinkle treament delivers exactly as it states . any wrinkles around the eyes ( crowsfeet ) disappear . i would highly recommend this item .
the smell is ok , but it's very strong . i found the cream to be very greasy , even after wearing over night .
i love this uv lamp ! it works like it is supposed to . no complaints from this girl . i have used it a hundred times or more !
i am very satisfied with this product and i would recommend it . i shouldnt have to keep writing when i have already stated my feelings of the product
this product made my hair detangle easy and hair felt clean and had moisture . i have very curly hair so i can easily detangle hair with fingers
this nail file is just so , so . would not buy again . wish it had been a little wider and longer .
so fresh , clean and natural smelling . absolutely perfect for the kitchen . love this hand soap , and the price is resaonable as well .
this is my favorite mascara . i like how it feels on my lashes . i like color . lashes never stick together . eyes look like doll eyes .
perfect brush for everything . no hair fallout and maintain it's shape very well ! love this and will buy again in the future !
nice glass and very easy to use . it may have been used before because it smelt a bit like acrylic liquid but still very nice .
product came just as described and although i have not used them yet , i sure they will work just fine .
haven't used this much , but i can tell i'm going to like it .
waste of money . i have been using it religiously twice a day for a month . no changes in my skin , no reduction in wrinkles at all .
i love this lotion and have used it for some time after shower or baths . it has such a light scent and feels sooo good on my skin .
what a disappointment ! hardly any product in the tube and it didn't do squat for my eyelashes . would not recommend .
the neutrogena cleared up my acne tremendously and my acne never came backafter i used the pads . i would recommend this product to anyone suffering fromacne .
i did get a set with a tool to help me use it . but this is the same order with out the tool .
i have been using it and i just don't see a difference at all , my skin looks and feels the same
so beautiful ! i bought this for a gift and not only does it look like the picture but she also loved it !
while my hair did feel amazing after using this product i didn't enjoy the small at all . i don't think i would use it again .
helps retain my color longer , less drying , delicious smell , creamy texture , gets my hair clean and i enjoy using it
i have been looking for these everywhere and then i found them here an was so excited . they work so well and are definetly worth buying .
this is the only shampoo my husband will use . he likes how clean it makes his hair feel and , the great scent .
the images on these plates are a good size . they are perfect for the average nails . the designs show through well when stamping .
i wanted this one but received the 10 years younger the sku sticker said bridal but the bottle said 10 years younger
i love the ceramic styling tools . i have one in each size . these irons work well and heat evenly . they work great on my fine hair .
i got the flaxen and it looks like the picture . the bangs are a little long so i'm going to have to trim them .
its not really the best to use since it makes your hair glossy , rough and smells quite a bit . i'd say 3.5 out of 5 .
i have been using this product over one year . i love it . i hope the manufacturer never stops making this stuff .
i love this product . i have used several different polish removers over the years to remove nail art , and this is by far the best .
if you need to get your hair wet to refresh the look after waking up , this is amazing ! it moisturizes and smells great .
the glitters i received weren't the same ones in the picture , but i still love them . you'll be happy with them .
was not sure at first , but now i can't leave home without it . i great product with the perfect amount of shine for a natural look .
not original packaging , missing one plate , but the ones i got are quality . . . . . . . .
have to apply this frequently which is the only negative . works well - thick zinc oxide base that protects against the sun .
i barely have time to do my nails by myself anymore but these are with it . i used it once and it was nice .
this is a great powder . my only problem with the product is that it crumbles when the container gets nearly empty .
these bows are perfect for manicures . they look adorable and are curved , so they stay on nails when ample topcoat is applied .
benefit they're real mascara is very good . and the color is fantastic . loved it ! is my favorite . i recommend to everyone .
this is a good product very absorbant . i found this one at bbb for much more money so its a good value also on amazon .
my boyfriend took a shower and used this . he said it worked well and it has a very nice scent that lingers without being too strong .
this is pretty light weight and is excellent , especially for the price . i love the smell too . you can't go wrong buying this .
great curling iron that leaves you with beautiful curls . heats up fast . would give this 5 stars if you could adjust the heat settings .
i use this every day and i like it . very light on your face would definitely recommend this product ! ! .
i was lucky enough to get the right shade . it blends perfectly with skin tone . it is buidable but i like how light the coverage is .
this palette has everything you would need to get ready for the day . it is great for travel and touchups . :-) :-) :-)
i like products by method . they have gentle smell and are not harsh for my skin . i will continue using them in my house .
great toner and skin refresher , just remember it's 100 % natural with no preservatives ... started to show signs of mold after a few months
i just used it ， it is really good . but i think it may be so hard for my skin ...
this stuff works even on oily skin ! i gave it just 4 stars only because i felt there was hardly enough product inside .
i tried this and found it extremely irritating to my eyes . i had to stop using it.it was a big disappointement !
i had a hard time finding an eyeliner that i like . this one is perfect . it has lasted a good while and applies smoothly .
this goes on really smooth & silky ... buttttttttt it leaves my face realllyyyyyyyyyy really oily & shiny after a while .
i love it . the very first time i used it , my face is softer and more clearer that it was .
this is my first dotting painting marbleising pen tool they work very good and i love them the color are not the same but its blue
my daughter uses them on her nails and they work really well . lots of different color choices . and there not that hard to put on .
this is a mediocre top and base coat . it does a decent job at protecting from staining . dries pretty slow for a top coat .
i call it batman . fast delivery and smells great . received a lot of compliments . i'll order again .
these are so fun to play with ! i really love them ! thank you for the great customer service and everything that you do ! ! !
this shampoo , conditioner , and leave in treatment set is huge ! it smells really great , and makes my hair feel extremely soft !
this hair clip is smaller than a lot of the clips but still has a lot of impact on your hair .
takes me back to my babyhood . not the original by helena rubinstein , but i like it better .
most head bands tend to hurt my head behind my ears but this one is different . its soft enough to mold to my head without pain and looks amazing
the colors go on well and case is sturdyno real complaints except i would like one more color that is a more natural peach instead of the orange peach
what can i say - - this product removes everything quickly , comfortably , and leaves skin unbelievably comfortable . very happy i tried it . highly recommend .
didn't keep hands moist . kind of sticky . wash hands a lot for nursing . not what i'm looking for
you can use this to remove makeup , shower and wash your hands . it's very gentle and does not strip oils from your skin
i have loved and used this scent for almost 4 years.it is so great ! and many compliments ! i will continue to purchase and definatly recommend ! ! !
i usually use 7 or more mascaras to achieve my look but i only have to use this now ! so happy
i bought this product for my daughter last year and she is still using it . she loves it and will probably use for a long time to come .
doesn't seem like 180 to me , file doesn't last very long . seems like you can only use them for a few minutes and then you need another .
the sea salt makes my hairs natural curl / wave come out and it leaves my hair looking amazing and beautiful .
it just takes a little to get your hair smelling great and looking just washed . it smells clean , with a slight floral scent .
price is perfect and a genuine mac liner its the best ive used .. doesnt make my eyes water like every other liner ive tried
does the job in 5 minutes , cannot say anything more about it than that ! one kit will probably last you for at least a month .
loved ! ! the way it made my extensions feel and it smells amazing , however i didnt notice a difference on my hair
i love konad plates they are worth the price ! they are the most easiest to stamp . for some reason better than any other brand i have .
i have been searching high and low for something that will make all my shadows stand out and i finally found it ! love this thing .
best present i ever bought for my husband ! ! ! it was a gift for me too ! love the scent and the man .
best brush for cleanup that i've ever owned , the bristles stay nice for the most part unless you abuse the brush
i like the bright white option for french manicures and this one certainly is a bold white and fits the bill .
leaves my hair feeling gummy and looking dull . probably will not buy again . nioxin has to many other products that work better .
i realy love my foundation by shany i have bought from them before so i knew what i was getting .
gave to my grand daughter as a stocking stuffer . she couldn't wait to use it . didn't even have to reminder her . neutrogena makes the best products .
this product really do what promisse and i'm in love with that . i using every week and stay surprised every time .
the price is amazing , and so is the product . i wasn't going to gt it but i am glad i did .
this powder is soo good ! ! ! i apply it after i put my foundation on and it matches my skin . i would recommend this to anyone !
this oil didnt do much for my thining hair line , but left my scalp dry.perhaps it works better as a dip conditioning treatment .
love it ! works like a pro . not buying cheapo ones from the drugs store anymore . heats up quickly and works great .
it smooths your skin a great deal . i have seen no difference in its affects for fine lines or wrinkles .
minted is a nice mint color that took me about 2 coats . delivery time was good . nice if you are looking for a mint nail polish .
i got a shock when i saw the quality of these studs and i fell inlove with doing nails all over again
this is a good selection of product . there are enough choices here that i hardly ever use my brush anymore .
soft brisels , don't shed , best brushes you can find , founds this brshes on a makeup tutorial by camila cohelo . love them
this plates are great , they are unique and the price is right and images get picked up well with any nail polish
the brushes seem a bit rough , so i don't use the eyeshadow applicator , i only use the eyebrow brush and the blush brushes .
if you have mature very dry skin or dry skin this is not a good lotion for you . will make your skin even drier !
since this product is a mat lip cream , it is damp uniformly from a mat lipstick ! it is a color like very creamy and lovely thin pink !
i love this . a must have for anyone who likes to design their nails with ease . i'll recommend this anyone .
easy to use and you can target the areas you need . i like this more then any other product i have tried .
a mi esposa le gusto mucho sobre todo la calidad y la textura , dice que dura bastante y aguanta hasta cierto punto la humedad
i added this bottle to the paris hilton fragrance that i provided to him for his mom , no complaints just perfection .
this monomer works great with nail acrylic . it has a strong adhesion which makes the nails stay on a lot longer .
basically , a good product that delivers all it says . i love all of the alpha hydrox products because they work and they are inexpensive .
works well and keeps my pores clean . doesn't seem to be real gritty and works best with olay's prox power scrubber .
good lashes for the price if you love thick lashes it perfect for you because they are very full if you want the drama look great get it
be aware that this kit is all travel sized stuff . not sure if i just over looked that info or what but just so everyone knows .
i love them all was worth the money spent ! i would recommend them to anyone.vibrant colors and glides on smooth.excellent choice .
i love the smell of this shampoo , but it leaves my hair very dull and dingy looking . i won't buy it again .
doesn't hold lashes in nice tight straight line . very hard to position lashes with this thing . don't waste your money
i love these little containers of glitter . they shine beautifully and the colors are vibrant . the variety is nice but it needs a few more hues .
i bought this product to add to my homemade hair products . i've used it as stand alone product as well . it works wonders for me .
do not like this stuff . it leaves you with an organgy color . i would not recommend this one , not worth it .
very cheap mascara and for this price is ok . i love makeup and i am always trying different things and brands.being waterproof it is a great feature .
i buy this over and over and over again . i want to subscribe to it ! it is absolutely essential and totally works !
. the dispenser is wonderful and so is the price , but the scent me from wanting to repurchase it , and from recommending it .
these are really soft and apply the makeup pretty evenly too , i use the flat for foundation , the tilted for blush and the others for finishing touches
this lotion has a bad smell but gives you a great dark color.fast service . i will order more at this price
i'm not impressed with this product at all and won't be buying again . a much cheaper pencil by revlon does a better job .
purchased as filler item for free shipping . not bad for price , but would pick up from local stores for the same price .
... after using it i felt . a difference in my skin . after 2 weeks the smoothness is noticible . will continue using .
okay product , i seldom use it . though sometimes it does help me to apply the false eyelashes on though , but sometimes use my fingers
can be worn under your nail polish or alone . really strengthens my nails . can't be without it . goes on so easy and drys quick
these clips are nice and strong and stay in your hair without slipping . will order again in the future . thanks
this seems like a pretty good creamy face wash . nothing really special about it . it seems like a good value for the quality . feels really nice .
i have such sensitive skin so i always wear sunscreen and this one really prevents burns . i wear it every day outside etc . it is downright amazing .
this brush is super soft and very dense . it is great for blushes or other face powders . definitely comparable to high end brushes .
i use these for when i put my hair in high buns and they really work well . they keep my hair in place !
this is a very large clip . holds hair fine - but smaller ones also work well . i have long , thick hair .
what is this product supposed to do ? i use it and see no difference in my hair than if i forget to use it .
the nozzle works ! some from a store don't . it says flexible hold , but it isn't . but , that's ok - my hair doesn't move !
i didn't care for this product . the scent was weak and what little of it there was didn't last very long at all . i wouldn't recommend it .
product really is great for chapped lips - chapstick just didnt work for me anymore but this lanolin oil is great !
it was big enough to fit all my makeup . i travel a lot and ive had many makeup cases . this one is the best . thanks ,
absolutely ... totally worth it . the brushes are so much bigger than i thought and so many of them . i love it so thank you !
i love my purchase . hair doesn't shed . 100 % human hair ! ! perfect for any styles ! highly recommended for cosmetology students ! love it !
i got it on april 2014.the product i received was expiring in june 2014 . i don't think it's nice to sell that old products .
i have the onyx color and it stays put all day . glided on easily and is both smudge and waterproof . i love this eyeliner !
works very well for me along with the lbm uv coat for a super shine . 2 minutes with the uv light and done
i love the natural bristles and the brush roll . you have enough brushes for everything you could possibly need . great quality ! !
speedy delivery . cute and colorful . vibrant colors . tiny bottles ( which is why they're mini ) . purchased as a gift so cannot rate products performance .
i bought this not for my face , but for some problems i have with my skin . it works pretty well .
it leaves my skin very soft , feels good , the exfoliating is actually so smooth i don't think it works , but it's ok ! ..
opi nail polish is my absolute favorite ! the color for this nail polish was more in the pink family than purple . nevertheless , it comes out beautifully .
i cannot be without this product . it truly dried fast and to a fantastic shell . so essential for adding nail art or embellishments .
great item ! i love it and used to use them before when i was younger and i love to use themnow !
this pen srt is all that i hoped it would be . easy to use and provides various size dots for nail art .
i love this cream . i use it in the morning and evening . as a result of using this product , my skin feels smooth and soft .
beautiful , top quality , threaded for a more natural appearance ! ! ! i am a pro makeup artist and will order these again and again
this pomade is not for me . it is greasey and did not give me the lift i was looking for .
these are quality cotton rounds and my second order of them . will order them again and again . the price is right .
i keep coming back to this .. it's just an all around better lotion for me . wish the scent was coconut though , instead of the cinnamon .
this stuff barely comes out of the jar and when i applied it , my throat immediately started to swell up . highly allergic to it and returned it .
nail art is so fun ! cute designs and easy to use and the shipping was fast ! good thing because i was excited to use !
you sent me the wrong shampoo . you sent the naturals shampoo come on amazon , get with it . all my orders lately have problems .
thank you for your nice nail art gems colours shapes . i really really love it . have a nice day ! ! ! god bless
its cute and good price for what it is :) would also work well for little girls ! i got red and black
i take it and it works really well . it's great that it has 3 in one because that's what i was looking for .
smells like tropical hazelnut coffee and just like it says stays on . a small amount goes a long way . word
if you have silver hair this will make it appear a dark drab gray . go with ghirmack , ghirmack makes your hair look white !
brushes are really thin . metal part seems a bit flimsy but is should hold up to gentle use with the nail art .
i love it . it puts my makeup on very nice and smooth . i use it for my concelear and foundation .
i use regular nail polish to do nail stamping but the black and white is a must for nail stamping , it gives a sharper image .
i am very fair . i think black mascara is too harsh a color for me . i really like covergirl's brown mascara . it is more flattering .
good for the price . element needs more time than allotted to produce results . delivery was super . wish the quality was a bit higher .
love the way it smells and comes in great glass bottle . i have all her scents and love them all . will continue to purchase
i like the mascara itself , but really hate the flimsy brush . i actually took the brush from another tube from another brand and it fits .
it's doen't dry as fast and the crylic come off when i used my professional nail filer
i like this cleanser for its gentleness and creamy texture . it only takes a very small amount for each use
even trimming them they don't go onto my lid . maybe it is because they are too firm ? i have never had trouble with getting lashes on before
used this to help with my bags under my eyes and noticed a difference right away . this is really great stuff if you want instant results .
this files my nails perfectly . i am very pleased with the outcome when using this and it has a warranty .
does what it is suppose to do . i have thick hair and it holds my hair in place nice enough . no complaints ! ! !
this brush does great for dry scrubbing and in the shower . i rinse and let it air dry after each use though .
i put original crazy glue to make it stay and it stays so good . i do hair and it doesnt even come off
purchased this set for my daughters and me . very nice variety of designs and they worked perfectly . i would def . order again . super fast shipping !
these are some of the plates i have used more often considering i own several sets and this are just lovely to add to your collection .
this product really helps to detangle my hair fast . i call it my amazing curl detangle.its a must have for girls with ethnic hair .
this work real good i love that the brush is super thin and it just glides on the eyes ! ! its a must have
love it . it made my nose smaller and i can clearly see the difference . i recommend this product for people who have wide noses
this color is super dark , but if you're rocking a nice tan , it doesn't look so severe . deffinantly a rich classy color .
softens cuticles and delivers moisture to the area around the nails . i like to use it after having the manicure done .
i live in florida and humidity is high so frizz control is a must-have here . this product works well and is priced ok .
this didn't take long to ship , and was packaged well . the smell is amazing , and works very well . awesome stuff for the price .
i love it i put over make up and it sets it all day , it feels soft and baby fresh .. but keeps make up on and professional .
the first day that i used these sponges i started getting pimples . i will definitely not used them anymore that's for sure .
super nice color . love how it has a tiny bit of sparkle . i like the darker brown also and use it as an eyeliner . love it .
i tried to find mascara that has more natural ingredients but still works well . i love this mascara and it looks great !
its a nice color but definitely not as pictured . i'm disappointed . it is more on the brown than on the purple side .
it came and the colors are a beautiful option of neutral colors ! i love the color variations in the shades !
i really love this mascara and it is such a reasonable price i will defiantly keep buying it for sure
the smell of this soap is too strong . i will not purchase again . i could smell the soap through the packaging .
my dermatologist recommended this and it's great for people with eczema or sensitive skin . it's also much cheaper on amazon than in the box stores .
does what is advertised and fairly comfotable , but was a bit tricky to learn how to apply correctly when all alone .
i love this blush , it stays on al l day and the color blends well . i use it everyday and it goes with whatever i wear .
great summer color ! . love opi gelcolors . i use them exclusively since they seem stronger than other brands of gel nailpolish .
i like them , they work nice . but the silver tip quickly comes off , easily slips back on but still not a great quality .
strong purple , 3 coats is good but 4 coats is better if you want it to pop like in the picture .
it was okay , i mean there was nothing wrong with it but it just looked weird on me . great price , though .
i loved it was perfect.it actually lasted all day . i think you should purchase this item . you won't regret it . promise
this product does what it promises ! i will use it for now on.great tech bottle and easy to store in the shower .
i have known alot of older ladies from their 40s - 50s who have used oil of olay for over 30 years and their skin looks beautiful .
tried and tried but could not get it to work . my daughter spent and hour trying to get the darn thing to work . not worth the money .
nice updated version of the original hot air brush . john frieda can usually be counted on for quality products and so far i haven't been disappointed . highly recommend
i purchased this for my hair that is really dry . it seems to be working in keeping it from being so dry . for now i'm please .
ive seen a big improvement on my face since i've used this . my pores are smaller and feels so fresh and smooth .
this was a gret organizer make up set ! you had almost everything already in this ! some eye shaddows , lip gloss , brushes , a mirrorit was great
it didn't do any wonders to my super frizzy hair ... it's like just any heat tamer spray .. nothing special ... i am not gonna order again ...
this did not wok as expected . i followed the directions and it didn't work . it was not worth it :(
previously used the non-lite version of this product and loved it . found this worked just as well and probably better for fine hair .
i don't really know what to say about this , never got to use it . i was very very very disappointed .
i tried using this soap and broke out all along the perimeter of my face . i ended up throwing it away .
the tool is so easy to use and the templates are so adorable and they look great on your nails . i am really glad i bought this !
i bought them in almost all colors to wear them for the gym and they are great ... i absolutely love them !
i will be using keratin products from this point on ... my kinky curl hair feels good smells good too :d ! nice
this leave my hair shiny and lasts forever . i am very happy with the results and have used pureology for a long time .
it wook some time to come but they work and that all i really care about . i use it for self pedicures and they help a lot .
i have medium golden blonde hair and it's hard to find a eyebrow pencil that isn't so dark . this is perfect .
this product is primarily acetone . so you may as well use just acetone . but , do not use with cotton or around pets that shed !
too much vitamin b cause my skin to break out :( . i had to discontinuous after one week of use
fantastic product . i use it on my hair and my daughters hair ! the only thing that works to get tangles out without tears .
love this blush . the perfect pop of color without being too much . price is not too bad compared to others
this cologne smells very good i love it i will buy it again before the other bottle finishes smells that good
the nails don't have any jagged edges . they are clean cut , and they don't crack when cut . this is a great buy
hey , these clips do what they are supposed to do and are very sturdy . no bells and whistles , just good quality and functionality .
i have finished the entire bottle and have seen no reduction in hyperpigmentation / brown spots . will not purchase again . instead i am trying caudalie vinoperfecting serum .
the brush was ok . it wasn't as firm as i thought it would be . i really wanted something to really buff my foundation in .
this is the perfect red shade of nail polish ... not too red and not too pink . just that right mix !
although i received this product for free that does not mean that my review is biased . i love this product ! it is doing wonders for my eyes !
it defines the curls and eliminate the frizz but the smell is so horrible i will not purchase again . i nearly had an asthma attack !
smells clean and very good like lavender . there are some lavender hand soaps that are more fragrant but this smells good and a good buy .
the best iron i have ever had it is worth every penny does a great job and creates a perfect hair it is wonderful
this color eyeshadow looks great when it is applied wet . nice color and i like the fact that there are no irritants like talc .
this is the perfect color pink-coral i was looking for . it is very creamy so i don't need much ... and the case is lovely .
don't buy these . they are stupid . i use cotton and wrap foil around your finger to take off gel or acrylics
beautiful pink color with shimmer , great girly color . opaque , only 2 coats needed to achieve bottle color . all season color .
these could be a little cheaper ! why ? becausethere not worth what you pay ! but they are some what cute !
these lashes are not the perfect to use if you are a make-up lover .. bad quality and looks fake anyway
not well made and very hard to change the attachments . i am not sure i am going to keep it .
this is one of the most amazing products ever , you will not be disappointed ! best money i ever spent , i love philosophy ... :-)
hope this one is great ! i read all rewiews.item arrived fast and as shown . i am going to try it tonight . :)
i like this plate holder it works well when scraping the extra polish from the image plate . very nice.thank you
the product is very expensive , and it works ok . you have to be very careful , that you close the container tightly or it will dry up .
i love this product . i bought three different sized packages to use for all my brushes . helps keep your brushes perfect .
this color is so soft and subtle , makes us feel all innocent inside . the most pale pink on the market i believe .
just like the garnier shampoo and conditioner i love this . the color doesn't seem to fade and leave me with a brassy look . my hair remains soft .
good product ! i like the color , and is beautiful , i think i will buy it next time.you deserve to have this product .
didn't make any difference with my shedding or growth . i think it's fine but i'm already taking so much . i think biotin and biosil are better .
this fragrance is ok just not for my body chemistry . it reminds me of another fragrance but i wasn't able to pinpoint the familiar smell .
nothing special here just another lotion . for the price this lotion is ok it does what it's supposed to helping with dry skin .
i really like the variety of shapes in this assortment . who doesn't love nail bling ? the price is nice too .
love this brush ! super soft ... perfect size for contour ... sturdy handle will continue to purchase these brushes . amazing quality for a great price .
great mascara . covers your eyelashes beautifully with just a couple of coats . will order again in the future . thank you
it really lathers up well , you only need a little bit on a poof . love the scent . i have not used this on my hair yet .
i would totally recommend this eyelashes they look pretty and exactly as they look in the picture . and they are afortable .
i have been using this for months . it feels good to use especially for drier skin types but i don't think it improves skin quality .
a friend that a believer recommended this great product was really impressed with the quality of ingredients.look forward to the long term results
don't get me wrong , i love the wedding white bronzer , but this just seems to have a better fragrance and post tanning scent . recommend .
i love love love these eyelashes ! ! ! full and light weight ! reusable i would recommend to anyone for professional use
good natural looking bronzer that blends well . doesn't really have much shimmer to it but can really be spiced up with some good highlighter on top of it .
the eye shadows are very pigmented and easy to apply on the eyes . the colors look beautiful and i love the package of it .
i couldn't get this to work for stamping nail art images . it is just too light in color for it to show up on nails .
the color is not easily matched . i have dark brown hair but the the dark brown came as dark grey
i use this gentle peel for clients suffering with rough skin and acne . dries up acne lesions and jump-starts new collagen growth
i absolutely love all of the little gold metal charms i can put on my finger nails . they are so cute !
didn't use product myself , shipped really fast though , heard good reviews about this product , purchased it for a elderly person
these were amazing for the price , but not exactly quality . i wore them for my wedding day and they looked nice .
this has a great smell , and makes the skin feel great.its a great and amazing five star product . i reccommend it to everyone who loves beauty .
i have been using this a few times a week for over a month now , and i have seen little to no improvement in my nails .
beautiful color with the right amount of shine . i am very happy with the purchase ! will buy more colors again .
i battle acne and let me tell you , these pads are the best . that really help to clear up the skin , leaving it fresh and clean .
very nice and heavy ... didn't expect this much for such low price ... lovely color and construction . goes well with any outfit .
finally found one that works with my ra hands--others have been very hard to work or hold--and a lot more money--i use them on my own nails--love it
this is good lotion . for natural lotion , it it a great deal and smells great ! i would buy it again and recommend it .
great price for the perfect working lotion.gives my body the perfect moisture and smells great . i use it all over and everyday .
i'm enjoying the toning results of the product . it gives the skin a a rather soft glowing affect . one of the best toners i've ever used .
i have used better mud mask treatments . this one is fine but no better than the cheap stuff you can find at the drugstores .
good coverage ... great to shape up your brows and to tint them ... helped cover some spots that were not full ... will buy more
this is what musk should smell like . natural smelling , not that cheap nasty stuff loaded with alcohol . i love it , to me it smells pure .
gentle on my hair and tones down the brassy look my well water tends to give my dyed hair . love it !
nice according to my niece . do not fall off easily . good as the expensive ones ! this is their second order actually
the pink grapefruit is my favorite scent . i love how clean it makes my face feel . i will not buy any other product .
i bought this as a gift for my daughter-in-law who have very dry skin . she says she feels her skin looks a lot better since using this .
besides this being a good natural lotion , i absolutely love the fresh flowery scent . rubs in very easily yet is not greasy . its my favorite .
this shampoo is very good . a nice fragrance and it really gets your hair clean . and the price was right . no problems with this item .
product was packaged nicely and came on time =) i highlight my face with this and it gives a pretty glow . i love it =)
verdict is still out , but i'm rolling diligently . 1.5 on saturday night ; . 5 during the week followed by a good collagen cream .
the product has begun showing its effects , and is tending to work as expected . not bad for the price of 20 bucks at all .
i can now blend all mediums of art and makeup with ease . it is high quality , and good for the smaller hand .
this is a product i have used for a long time . i use it on wet and dry hair . leaves a beautiful shine . love it !
love this oil ! it's an essential part of my daily skin care regime . " now " brand oils are some of the best !
smells wonderful , absolutely delicious . it also moisturizes very well and has improved the condition of my skin and my son's who has really dry skin .
of course this is a great product . for me the biggest deal is the big size and low cost .
they are ok ... even tho they are a lil harder than i think they are supposed to be , but they can still being used ...
this one surprised me . very hydrating . not sticky . nice hint of pearly pink shine that does not look childish . :)
this face mask is incredible ! perfect for all skin types , left my face silky smooth , plumped it up and was hydrated .
this glitter makes my daughters nails look amazing , great for doing art on nails . truly recommend this great product to nail enthusiasts .
the reduction in redness is pretty minimal . sometimes i think i noticed it , others i'm not so sure . it does feel relieving , though .
i bleached my hair myself 3 times this weekend and its still acceptable ! it obviously has some damage but without this stuff i'd probably have no hair .
i gave this to my sister-in-law , because she loves zebra anything and she lovessss this so much . she said there wonderful and the best gift ever !
this this product sucks ! the pink turned out clear the white turned out clear . it did not go on my nail the way expected .
helped to make my hair less ' fro ' and more fabulous ! it made my curls into voluptuous , barrel curls . love it !
i use this as a stamping polish works great the polish is not hard on my nails either . love it
i really like this product , it makes my hair shiny and healthy , and protect it from the heat , i recommend it .
oh these roses are sooo pretty ! i got them cause my mom loves roses and i'm always doing her nails for her . they are perfect !
i love china glaze product they are so great they look so beautiful on my nails they're super shiny and go on with one coat
i love all things perfume ! i have quite the collection from high-end $ 500 + to lower-end perfumes . this is my favorite !
i like this eyebrow color . it ' right for my red hair . not too harsh like some other brow colorings are .
excellent product , my favorite of all products i have used . volume , shine , fragrance , texture ! i highly recommend to all who have fine hair .
just as you would expect from opi ... a vibrant pink / orange color ! with a little shimmer ! one of my favorite colors from opi so far .
i was so glad i purchased this product . i always wanted this product it makes my skin feel so nice .
i felt it worked well but compared to other brands it burned much more . it did have a pleasant smell though .
this cream is light enough to use everyday , i added some essential oils to this and i love it will buy again .
i love them on my nailt and my phone cases great complements love them will be orderiing again soon l
i have a medium-dark skin so the color not be what i was expect but it's still one ofvery beautiful colors blushes that i have ...
the product is good , but very very small . very small.xxxx x x x x x x x x x x
it smells like mint . the effect is ok but i don't like the fluid feature . it's too watery for me .
this is an excellent hair dryer . it's not heavy and perfect temperature settings . my favorite hair dryer in 30 years ! !
made my skin feel really good , but just remember the mia collection is only for travel so it is not for everyday use and will eventually go out .
i did not see a difference in my face , it actually made my brown spots get darker . not for me .
arrived a day late but its arright heats up in 20-30 seconds curls dont last very long but its not any different then the curling wand .
i have been using this for about 6 years now . i tried others , but always come back to this . it works great .
this color is very frosty . after my nails were all done i couldn't help feeling like i was looking at my grandmothers hands !
the only eyelid primer i use i have tried others and nothing keeps my eyeshadow on like this does i'm in love !
pigmented , doesn't smear or smudgegood for people with dark brown hair color , easily blendable , easy to work with , the brush and spoolie are handy for travel
the bottles fit a little tight but it holds them at a nice angle making it easier to paint . i use them everyday at work .
these look and work as described . they are great products for a great price . really makes it easier to do nails .
received the same amount as in the picture but the colors shown in the picture were not the same as the colors i received
this spf 100 did not have a greasy feeling at all and did prevent me from having any sunburns . i would recommend this .
the smaller prints do not show and it is really frustrating to have to keep having to redo the same print .
when doing an eye shadow look it is always important to blend it out , this brush is perfect for that purpose .
i like the consistency ... . the smell ... the results seem good . no irritation . i mix with argon oil . its great .
my kids like using this delicious smelling , foamy handwash - - and so do i . the pump is a nice shape for little hands , too .
great color . this is a good neutral color with a bit of shimmer and pop . it can be wore to work or for socializing . good quality .
haven't been using it long enough to see new growth but it does seem to thicken up & give body to thinning areas . i will keep using .
i really found this product to fit my needs and expectations . it smells great and gives me that clean feeling i was searching for .
i have ordered this many times and just love it . i woul . d also highly recommend it to others , great product
i use this dappen dish everytime i do my acrylic nails . it holds just enough monomer without the wasting it .
sharp , small and good for the fine work . i also like using this to trim the tops of my eyebrows .
advertising is a gimmick when it comes to face care . cindy is what sells this and it does not work . who knows what she has had done .
normally , i love their products . my skin tone did get better but it did make me break out - i will try to return it :(
really small in size .. even with the % off from amazon i think i overpaid for a ok product !
this is a very unique green nail polish & so pretty ! opi always comes out with great colors . love this one !
best make up ever ! ! ! i love this make up , this is all i wear now . plan to buy more ! :)
these worked perfectly . when i use my stencils , it makes my eyebrows each perfect by making them look alike more than i could do it without them .
this mousse did not live up to its billing . very mediocre . a disappointment from a usually reliable brand . little body or volume here .
my husband loves this stuff , applies it everyday . much cheaper locally though - $ 9.99 minus coupon . great sunblock !
this is my favorite summer color for my shellac manicures ! great on toes for pedis for those who wear flip flops ! great color !
the lipstick has a shade more purple to the color then the soft pink / coral in the picture , but still looks great !
its really good , and it doesn't irritate my skin , feels good too but i wish it was a bit more matyfing and not so greasy .
i love this conditioner - the shampoo is good too - but the conditioner is really the winner here . smells good and really softens brittle hair .
these things do not work at all , and they leak fingernail polish remover everywhere ! ! ! do not waste your money !
i am obesessed with nail polish and this one was a great addition to my collection . looks great over any other nail polish .
this product is just what i was looking for . thank you for the fast , efficient service . i will enjoy it !
really pleased with this purchase ? lots of usable designs . i received them on time and use them often . i love my mash plates !
it has done wonders for my face specially around my eye area , no more dark circles i'am in love , just try it ! ! !
its ok a littl stickly but its good color is good as welli will use it for sure .
good quality , not too big or too small . the colors are beautiful . we'll worth it . great for special occasions . great accent !
the gems are not easy to pick up or apply . i ended up having to use super glue to keep the gems from falling off .
leaves hair feeling very soft , i find i have to wash my hair a little more often , leaves my hair feeling " heavy " requires more rinsing
i am not crazy about the color . the polish itself if great as i think cnd polish is the best for shellac .
this has the best scent , and the shimmer is subtle , not overkill . leaves your skin nice and soft for hours .
i got them all only one was defective but other than that they are beautiful designs and you have to cut them :)
tried with the vinegar and didnt notice anything besides a hard face and clean up . i'd just go to a dermatologist if you have skin problems .
i love the gems ... the container was a lot smaller than i expected but i still love them ... love all the colors ...
this collection seems to carry each and every known sized brush . . these brushes don't seem to shed as some of the others.renee evers
bought these for christmas gift bags for my family and friends . they all have called me since saying how much they love them and what a great idea .
my husband uses on his nails and it works day and my daughter to he is happy to have it
need the maximum strength to remove gell nails easily . this does work , but you have to soak nails 10 minutes before the polish begins to dissolve .
i am sure this shampoo will do more than fine for my dog . it leaked a little in the box , but not much . good shampoo .
this red is gorgeous . its on the darker side but that's what i wanted . and the sparkle in it makes it look fantastic .
i love retinol , seems to be something that really works for fine lines and wrinkles . this was not too harsh .
the best brush set i have had . no shading and very easy to clean . will buy a back up set
did not work at all . i used it to fade mosquito bite marks over 4months . it did not work for me .
i love this product as part of my weekly skin care . it's a great mild exfoliant and doesn't damage my fragile aging skin .
i like eucerin because it is the highest hydrating lotion i can find . my skin is quite dry and this product works the best for my skin type .
it's just too messy and not quick to use . didn't like it at all . would much prefer to continue with be and or bb cream .
i love these gel toe spacers and am once again able to wear my ' regular ' shoes comfortably . i didn't even know such a product existed before !
love it alone or with other colors . very eye catching . so many compliments when i use it . i will order again .
love the bb cream ... not a fan of its scent . it acts as a sunscreen , a primer , and a foundation all in one !
lucky you has a very unique name and scent . when wear it anyone that knows its scent will recognize it on you . very good smelling ! ! !
super product . i like it . every woman with long hairs must have it . save my time on mornings , feels good , don't damage the hairs .
this is a really great product . i will most definitely be ordering it again also.it goes on so smoothly and my skin feels wonderful after i've used it .
its a good scrub brush . it didn't unravel while using it . its long enough to reach those harder areas . i like it .
these shadows look just like they do in the picture , i love them . they are great , especially for the price
give me a few more weeks with this product and i will have more to contribute toward the thickness and growing power .
this is probably the 6th bottle i've ordered over the years . gets the yucky black remnants of the mascara off from the lids and under the lower lid .
the color is beautiful , but the dye gets everywhere . it will stain everything , and even though the stain will fade it will take some scrubbing .
this product works great . it also smells great . it is a perfect leave in conditioner . i really enjoy the whole line of motions .
love it it smell good but its so strong so you have to use a little and it goes a long way but smell great
this product seems to help relieve some of my son's painful ibs symptoms . he doesn't have the horrible stomach pains that he was having .
i have extremely thick , unruly , curly hair . this product worked surprisingly well for my hair , and left a nice scent .
excellent addition to any nail polish collection . i am glad i bought it and my girls wear it with pride .
love these bath gloves , good texture for exfoliating . exactly what i was looking for . they fit my hands well too .
stays on long and does not shine , been wearing it for years . great for the price . you only have to use a little ..
its great will show up on many colors and if your not sure throw on a top coat first just to see
great detangler , if you don't have time to condition your hair or if you use those 2 - in - 1 shampoo + conditioner .
hate the smell , it's just like rotten fruits ! ! lathers ok for an organic shower gel , it performs ok just the smell that's the most bothersome
nothing special , but it did its job , exactly the way i wanted it to . stayed on after a long day and gave an overall nice finish .
the best lash extended product ever ! i would never think of using false eyelashes since using lash extender . i am on my second bottle .
i have only used this once and i used it on my hair not my skin but it left my hair clean without any build up in it .
i like this non-irritating clear 100 % aloe vera . next best thing to cutting an aloe plant open , but more convenient .
love it even though i haven't tried using it yet . i need my friend to show me how to put it on . i really like it .
very light pastel lilac color . opaque crème . good spring and summer color . soft color , good for lighter skin tone shades
i bought this product for only a few bucks , the coverage is okay but it doesnt last all day . but for the price that it was it was
love this i us them a lot .. and the price is great will definitely be buying some more ... .
these are perfect for helping in placing a guide to paint tips of my nails . will buy again when needed .
have always loved this product & happy a better price online as i use it all the time . packaged well .
they look really great . they did chip a few times but im pretty rough with my hands . i would deff buy again .
my husband has very dry skin and this product is great . it makes his skin so soft and takes away the ashy dryness .
great color but it goes on very streaky and requires 4-5 coats for complete coverage . haven't experienced this problem with other ibd polishes .
my , my . my , i am sounding like a broken record player you here me . this here , is the top notch good goods .
i always get this and am never let down . it has a nice fresh citrus smell and is very moisturizing !
these are flat , gorgeous , shimmy , shine , sparkle and are absolutely breathtaking and so easy to put on , i would order them again for sure !
has a nice feeling on very dry skin = = i don't know about the firming feature as to what it's suppose to do .
these were shipped out and i received them very quickly . i love all the colors too . they look beautiful under my china glaze crackle metals polishes .
i use it in my luminess airbrush system , the coverage is amazing and it looks flawless , plus it is water based .
i use this every day and it works very well . my eye make-up stays on great and does not smear the way it used to
so far as i can tell , this stuff does no better a job than other creams that are cheaper and more easisly available in the supermarket .
works well , does what it is supposed to do . i think i got a fair price and there isn't much else i can say about it .
i bought this on a whim because i needed some stiff brushes for cream n liquid makeup . this is absolutely perfect .
this isn't doing it for me . i get ' brighter ' results from a mud mask . when its gone , i'm done
love this product makes my skin feel really nice and smells really good see some results but i know i need to use this longer .
you need little scissors to cut off the ends of the eyelashes because they have like these little pieces sticking out of each side .
my only issue with this color is trying to get that intense neon . i applied 3 coats instead of 2 .
i either use this with a good moisturizing shampoo , or shimmer lights shampoo with a good moisturizing conditioner , all the time .
absolutely fantastic . it does what it says it does . came right away and was very reasonably priced ! thank you so much .
i've used one bottle of this in the past 2 years with my nails nearly always manicured . it gives a great , wet-looking shine .
i love these and need to order a few more as they are a huge help when doing your nail painting
it really seems to be good for getting into the dimples and helping to bring circulation to " problem " areas . easy to do right out of shower .
i love this . it makes beautiful dots and there is different sizes which makes it even better , the colors are pretty too !
but i don't feel that it had any positive effect on my face . i don't see any results , but it's possible that i didn't use it enough .
suave naturals shampoo , daily clarifying 12ozclears all of the chlorine & gook from products out of your hair .. love it
they are the only ones that hold my hair in place without making my pony too tight . others fall out .
love all of the colors . you really dont ' need to put a lot on in order for the color to show
acure does it again ! this shampoo smells great , it's plant based and actually lathers quite well . try this shampoo you won't be sorry .
so far so good . no complaints . skin is always moisturized and the product smells good . you only have to use a little bit .
this sharpener is universal for all thick and thin pencils . i have italia eye liner pencils which i bought from amazon and this sharpener work for it !
great product . good night cream . i can see a difference especially in the neck area . i will definitely purchase this again !
the shape is just pretty the heart is just lovely ! and the colors are pretty for every day use and it comes with everything you need !
i must admit this flat iron works very well . it heats up pretty quickly . however you can't adjust the temperature & there's no lock .
best brushes ever . gets the tangles out pain free . own four of these . threw out all of my ither brushes .
i use this to place my lola wooden nail brush on . i have one in the kitchen & one by the bathroom sink .
i use the obagi system for years now . this cleanser is the product of choice for me and works great
i love how quickly it drys ! it helps with the tough polishes that dont dry fast enough ! great product ! will purchase again .
this product is not heavy and absorbs quickly into the skin - with no oily reside . after only a couple of weeks i can see a major difference !
i just love this oil . i use it at night , and in the morning my face feels very soft . my skin just absorbs this oil .
looks like a good product and i love other skin 79 products , but this one never made it to me . oh well .
they look good , good variety . the do break easily and shipping took a little long . other than that i think product is good
amazing , very silky , very creamy , very pigmented and very very beautiful ! ! !
strong smell and i saw very little changes with my acne . it did seem to make my skin softer though
liked the bottle , but would of liked it if it didn't spill when tipped over and tighter lid other then that it was ok .
works great and price is reasonable . i keep it refrigerated to make it last longer.skin is glowing and it makes a difference if i don't use it .
i like this hairspray it is good for every day use and is workable so you can restyle during the day without having to respray .
it works , but iron part get rusty really easily.also , i have sensitive skin , and i break out after using this .
i was amazed at how large this bottle is for the price and free shipping . i totally recommend this to any women who uses this product ! ! !
this bb cream is my absolute favorite . moisturizing without being greasy , lovely consistency , blends awesome . i really reccomend it to anyone .
these are wonderful lipsticks that stays on all day they are great for summer , winter , spring and fall.these is great for birthday gifts and etc .
this is a great perfume . i've always loved jenifer lopez's perfumes because they are really good quality perfumes . this one is no exception .
i love this product . i have true combination skin and am over 40 . this is the perfect product for it !
lotion smells nice and doesn't leave you that greasy . smells good like coconut . didn't really help with my tan much .
these do a good job . i like using hot rollers sometimes and these fit the bill . 4 more words required .
i have very curly hair and this brush get the tangles out with ease . not much else to say , good quality a great brush .
it is excellent quality and packaging of this product with my expectations fulfilled . i am very happy with this . thanks
i didn't like the smell of this product , i ' would not recommend this one , due to the smell of it alone .
i love the way it smoothes my edges . it doesn't make my hair hard . the price is very economical . i will order again !
this a product i have used since i was young and loved how it keeps my cuticles nice ! so glad i found here in amazon
this is a brush that came quickly and packaged very well . i am glad i added this brush to my collection . great quality vs . price .
these are super cute and i received the ones in the picture . very satisfied with them . me and my daughter use them for nail decorations .
i love them i just started using these colors and they are amazing and they dry really fast i would recommend them to any body ..
i like it , but the color wasn't the color that i thought it was . it was more dark blue , i thought it was black .
i was looking for something to smooth out my dry hair . this was not the product . my hair began to break
top quality . face felt super clean and refreshed . mini facial...skin/pore detox in a jar ! thank you
i isn't so opaque as cream puff which it was the kind of white that i was looking for ! just love it
these perals are the cutetst i absolutley love them . there perfect for wedding nails . i just love all the shapes and sizes
was thrilled to find a facial wash pack that didn't cost a fortune and was great on our skin . love it and will order it again .
i was impressed when i recieved in the mail . its a beautiful hair clip . i'm not sure what i will wear with yet .
i give these a 4 because of the price and they worked okay . i'm not sure what else to say .
this is real good it clear up my spots on my face with in a few months , and i still have more
cute dust remover brush for nail art or cosmetic face brush.it is small but it is big enough for your hands
this product is interesting and easier to use than regular powder blush . the color may be a bit too orange for some but the product is great .
i have super dry skin , i'm pretty sure this is the best lotion you can get , it even smells nice .
love fake bake ! nice rich brown tan without tanning bed or sun you really can't beat it ! no steaks like drugstore brands nice even application
sure not worth the money for this lil ole thing it made my wrinkles stand out more with this will not buy again
this is a great brush set . love the color and the different sizes included . they are super soft and work very well .
great smelling lotion and does wonders on my skin since i am in the sun and tanning in the tanning bed .
i didn't really like this color or the feel . it doesn't stay on like some others i've tried in different brands .
e x a c t l y w h a t i n e e d w i l l s h o p a g a i n
this cuticle oil smells good , and doesn't leave a greasy feeling . it is worth the money . i would definitely buy again .
hate it ! made my hair look greasy and dirty when using it i will not be buying this product again
product arrived timely and in great shape . now i need to practice as usually i'm all thumbs , so far it's been fairly easy to use .
i just love this product i mix up the different colors to make my own . my co-workers are always waiting to see what new color i will wear .
just what i needed . i use it everytime i get out of the bath and my skin feel and looks better
this is the best shower comb that i have ever used . i want to buy another one for back up .
speedy delivery . received everything as described . purchased as a gift so cannot rate products performance . looks great and of good quality .
don't waste your money . this is just a typical moisturizing serum and nothing more . it does not do what it promises .
i don't want to run out of this because it gets rid of the frizz and makes my hair shinny and manageable .
i use this at night with rapid lash . i think with the combo together i have gotten awesome results . i haven't used it on it's own tho .
just in time for summer use , really lovely cream smells great and moisturizing.will definately be stocking up on this one.love it
this deep conditioner is not as good as the shampoo and conditioner products . it actually dried my hair out . unfortunately i won't buy it again .
this is yet another great dove scent . my dermatologist recommends use of dove soap because it is gentle and moisturizing and i like the scent .
the way they are pictured in the bag , it seems a lot larger ! they are small n take a while to apply make up !
i have very fine hair which is easily damaged by other brushes and combs . these work well for detangling and styling . reasonable price
this is the best brush ever its great for wet hair and sesitive heads i will never go back to using any other brush .
i've been using this for a while , and i love it . the color is awesome and works just as well as high end make up .
got it last night its my second one i love them look cool in your hair and people love them they are the best ... :)
very deep image , very easily transferred when used with special polish . very pretty designs . easy to clean and to store . just as shown
smells great and is tear free . great for kids and also adults . i love the cherry almond scent . works great on longer hair also .
this small little think just looks so awesome . i and my husband we love it so much . it easy clean too . so happy i got it .
this works well with the weekly cnd nail polished . it works well alone too .
this stuff rocks ! it really makes a difference in improving your skin while you sleep . this is perhaps my favorite product of theirs ! it's works great !
i have about seven matte lip creams there amazing , goes on creamy and smells like vanilla it's a great product .
stuff doesn't work any better than the cheaper products found at the corner drug store . save your money .
paid a good price for a quality name brand product , color will work for my wedding of cocoa and guava .
makes my lashes unbelievably long ! whenever i wear this my daughter asks me if i'm wearing false lashes . i say " just my million lashes mascara " !
this was just enough product to really try it out and be sure that i will love it ... will buy the regular sizes now !
does absolutely nothing that it says it does . total waste of money . would not recommend anyone to buy this ever .
warmth puts a natural glow on your face . i have tried other mineral make up before & nothing compares to this ! i love it !
i love these goggles . they are made of good material , durable , and nice feel when wearing them . i have no objections ! ! !
just like the fresh's rose mask , both are over hype ! bad products . don't hydrate at all . only tighten skin coz they make skin dry !
i love this palette for contouring the face . i will always have one of these in my cosmetics so yes i will buy again .
yes , this smell will give you the smell of coming out of a washing machine . i only used it coming out of taking a bath
i love this tool it makes it super easy to apply my false eyelashes . it was here sooner than expected .
this works for everyone but not for me . made my face worst and i'm still dealing with that . it burned and i followed instructions
just love this stuff . leaves my fine , straight hair soft . the conditioner does not weigh my hair down . arrived on time .
i like the almond scent . i don't know what else you can say , it is a good product . i buy this regularly .
finally a brush that does not pull out all my hair and actually detangles it very easily . anyone with tangly hair should invest in the wet brush .
almay one coat get up and grow waterproof mascara is the best . all almay products are wonderful i will use nothing else but almay .
i really like it ... think its great stuff ... wish bottle was bigger though ... little expensive for the size . highly recommended though .
i love the pink , it really pops ! i also like the cnd shellac products a lot ! highly recommended for those who love pink !
awesome quality at an amazing price ! i was leary to try them but they are very good quality . and work amazingly .
love the colors ! have had colored mascara before but couldn't see the color . this one you can definately see ! love it .
they work very well but their juice gets into the eyes and it hurts ! i won't be using these again .
i am having problems figuring this thing out . i am sure with some more practice i will get it i just need to make the time
this product sucks , it was cheap looking and it shed like crazy . it felt hard and was nothing like the mac brush ... would not buy again .
these work really well . the packets are pretty round , so sometimes they're hard to close in the soap compartment , but it's not a very big issue .
as many others have said ; take the time to practice and read the directions before you use this . makes a huge difference .
well for the price . i have bought better face wash products than this face cleaner but those products are much more expensive . solid buy for the money .
this is a product that is needed for everyone ... thanks gelish for such an exceptional product . this product is worth the money
i have used it for years . easy to apply and it works . makes my eyes look brighter with no wrinkles .
i love these exfoliating bath cloth they really give u a good clean and the cloth is big i make 2 wash cloth from one
goes with the territory.need for the simple but likes them long . i have actually been requested to get someones birthday present .
the size sucked , the product did not show me any improvement annd i have been using it for over three weeks now .
i love glitter so this was amazing ! i suggest you to buy this . who doesn't love glitter ? buy buy
the color of this gloss is very good and the price is good too . it fits for summer and spring , i recommend it .
great product and have used this for quite some time . i was told by a dermatologist that you don't need to spend a lot of money on moisturizers .
i only use aveeno as it is just perfect for me . i have sensitive skin and it is perfect and gives me the right results .
i's very cute and i have never had a bad experience with shany products . the price is very good which makes it less scary to try out .
puts on subtle color gradually , not overly staining . probably better if used on body too . highly pigmented lotions streak . this one is more subtle .
i've never been disappointed with the lip liner , it has good staying power with lipstick and always looks nice . not dry like other liners .
my first one was stolen - but i loved it so much i just had to buy another . you will not be disappointed with this product .
the ' raise a glass ' color is simply stunning , very chic . the skinny jeans look just like jeans , i received many compliments .
5 stars , for as i said that this is the only nail polishthat i purchase.yes , i would tell you to buy
i have a skin really white and when i put this procuct in my face rarely seen , but i think the products nars are amazing !
this base coat does absolutely nothing for my nails.it doesn't protect then from staining , or anything . on top of that , it made my nails peel .
this is a nice little moisturizer for the lips . a nice little hint of color . i was happy with my purchase .
beautiful color , coverage is great even with one coat of polish a nice pearly color . another excellent polish from gelish !
this soap seems as gentle as washing with oatmeal . i am really impressed and prefer this soap over aveeno products for sensitive skin areas / conditions .
i love bb cream in general and this bb cream is great for starter or younger teenager to try it .
this is an awesome tool , it gets in the corners without pain . love it . i will probably get another one for my sweetheart .
i should probably rate this higher , as it is good on gray and uniform . seems to keep rinsing out forever and is a bit borrrring .
this isn't your average smelling tanning lotion . it smells sweet and delicious like candy . that's the main reason i bought a sample packet of it .
no smell and does tighten - only used 3 times so far - each pm - have high hopes for longer use .
great especially if when you have oily - long - color treated hair . just what i needed for my oily - tangled hair .
excellent buy ! for a concentrated vit c ! very runny of course ... but the results are worth it ! i would buy again !
does not do at all what it claims would not straighten my hair ... returned the product right away after receiving .
my daughters and i are transiting from a perm to natural and this product leaves our hair soft , easy to comb , moisturized and beautiful .
this has worked great for my 14 year old teenager ! her spots have cleared up . she have a great complextion . perfer purshasing from amazon .
this looks just like it did online . the perfect baby lip . when you do big dramatic eyes , this is the perfect pairing to go with them !
when used with the shampoo it leaves my hair manageable and easy to style . this is a great combo to change to for variety .
in the tube the siren shade looks very orange , but once applied it is more of a nice orange-ish coral . it's very flattering for pale skin .
this product is necessary when using the polish , as it seals the manicure for a week long , chip-free nail job .
perfect highlight for anyone amazing pigment . not to pink or to beige . my favorite for winter for that glowing frosty goddess look
very fun idea to do nails at home . i like the twirly pattern and the multi sizes are great ...
if you are looking for an acne treatment , definitely try this . it's reasonably priced and has been very effective in our house .
these do not blend with the hair , the blunt line makes it nearly impossible and the texture is very off .
great colors , long-lasting , and you get a lot in one compact ! l'oreal does it again ! highly recommended if your eyeshadow doesn't usually last .
i love the size of lash i bought five packs good deal look natural go on good good price for look
smells really loud and fresh . harder to melt down than i expected but i'm glad to have the raw and fresh product .
gelish soak off sealer gel top it offgood product , easy to use , dry fast under any type of uv light .
this makes a golden shine where those pesky gray starts showing . good product and affordable . note does not make dark hair blonde .
these colors are great too the blues , purples greens omg beautiful . the reds i use over a lip pencil to make my lipstick last . ! ! !
i love this reconstructori use it once every 3 weeks , and is being awesome to my hair . i strongly recommend it
this body lotion goes on smoothly and doesn't leave a greasy residue . your skin feels invigorated . very nice lotion and a reasonably price .
i thought this color would just be amazing but it's kind of dull .. it's a lot browner than i wanted . but it's an alright fall color .
excellent fit except for socks which don't hug ankles . i use seasonal as decorative display during baseball season also fourth of july
very pretty when it arrived . within the first week it turnt colors . it's very unattractive now . i would not wear this again . i'm very unsatisfied
this is a great product i use it everyday . and it was a great price also . i really love this oil .
when my daughter has a cold , i use this for bath . it does help her and comforts her . the product is pricey but i do like it
this brush kinds effortlessly into skin . my face looks absolutely flawless . i am very happy with my first sigma brush purchase .
love this stuff ! really sprays on nice and hair holds really well . not sticky and a little goes a long way .
i have dry skin and i didn't find this to be moisturizing enough for me . i'm in search of another night cream . although it does smell great .
does not smell close to paul michells awapuhi ginger shampoo or conditioner set , otherwise it is an ok shampoo to use .
i bought it as a gift for my friend . she likes it & smell is really good . i would recommend it .
bought this for my niece , i haven't heard anything negative about this item , so i guess it is working well .
absorbs fast after being sprayed on with just a minimal amount of being spread with your hands . takes so much less time to apply than traditional moisturizing lotions .
love this stuff ! after using it my face feels so silky smooth . i definitely would recommend to people with skin on the drier side .
for pale complexion works great . not if you are an olive complexion . the bad part is that it wastes away very quick .
its not bad , but feels alittle too heavy for me . been using it this summer and i would have enjoyed a lighter feeling on my face .
i love the way dove shea butter moisturizing cream beauty bar smells and it makes my skin soft , never tight feeling
so glad this is back in style ... not eveyone wants the shiny glossy look on your nails all the time . nice alternative and it doesn't wear off .
i've been using nioxin since my hair started falling out in 2005 . probably the only reason i still have hair .
love love love love this so much i will be buy more and the price is cheap and its really black thank you for making such a amazing liner
i like this pallette , especially under my eyes to cover dark circles . it covers very well and does not cake .
wonderful peach scent that turns to cherry blossom as you wear it . recommend to anyone that loves these scents . great value for the price .
as soon as i opened the box it had a nasty smell ... i hate these , they smell like car oil , they are hard and rough ...
i didn't buy this product to use on my nails . the sable brush is great for painting on ceramics . it's sturdy .
this product smells great but it didn't do much but keep my skin soft and moist and it did not bronze my skin .
it is very moisturizing , but the smell is intense and not great . also , i don't find it to be more effective than other products .
i'd recommend this product for its effectiveness and it's price . smells great too and is safe for everyday usage . double thumbs up !
my husband has been been using this product for several years . i think it helps with his thinning hair and leaves a shine .
l purchased this for misting my skin after derma rolling and moisturizing with hyaluronic acid . it is fabulously scented , yet light and refreshing . love it .
the color is so pretty and light . it goes on easy with streaks and looks flawless . highly recommended for those who want a classy shade of purple .
it came on time and everything , i just meant to order something else . they dont allow returns otherwise it would have been 5 stars .
haha when i got this i was so syked it works like butter meaning it's a awsome dryer so i might buy another one
i not only use this for my lips , but for dry patches on my skin . also , for moisture under my eyes at night.love it !
not the best but certainly average . i won't buy again but it worked okay for what i wanted just a preference to have something silkier
this brush is great for clean your skin with a little bit of soap make a great foam and feel clean.you skin bread better . great product .
awesome . natural looking , but pretty big lashes for me - i have tiny lashes so this made a huge difference !
works amazingly i would definitely recommed this product to family and friends very happy with the results it provides .
wonderful ! i use this product for all of my do it yourself beauty and hair care needs and it works like a charm ! so far no issues !
i love wen products , my hair is dry from processing and wen products make my hair feel so soft.thanks wen
i love samantha chapman and her brushes are a great reflection of hard work she puts into her followers . good price and great quality
base keeps nails from discoloring and top coat makes it stay on longer would recommend it to everyone . very happy with product
i used this as directed , it does not protect my polish even a day.not happy with it and would have returned it if postage were not an issue .
love this shampoo for my coarse gray hair . also great for damaged dry hair too ! it's definitely worth the price .
i loves these eyelashes . they don't look too fake and everyone compliments me on my eyelashes . i will definitely be buying more of these .
all the shapes are awesome . i pull this wheel out almost every time i do nails now . well worth the price . super cute nail art .
very nice face cream . i have never tried aveeno before and i love it . i can feel the softness of my skin after the first week .
honestly , i can see the results from using this cleanser . lines are finer , smells good . i was very impressed with this product .
i love the powder inside , but hate the packaging . it constantly spills everywhere . big fail in design . however , it works exactly as described .
try it under your nighttime moisturizer for an antioxidant boost while you sleep . you won't be disappointed with the results !
a wonderful and very practical and worth the purchase price very special i'm happy to buythank you very much i love
this is a nice headband . the rabbit ears are wired so that it can be adjusted . fits well and is comfortable .
im using it now for more than two months no change at all . my eyebrows and eyelashes are still the same i dunno it didnt work at all
the headband looked a little different in person and i hurt a little bit when u wear it , but not bad .
having more and more gray hair , i truly appreciate a product which helps keep my hair looking more white than yellow .
love this konad stamp plate ! details come out perfect on my nails ! easy to use on my kids nails too !
this product is exactly what it promised to be and looks so natural , i could not be happier with it
this shower detangler works great . the only problem is that its so flexible that sometimes its a little bit harder to detangle .
i am allergic to any type acids it burnt my skin , i will never stray from my usual juice beauty serum again .
this product actually does what it advertises . based on my wife's reaction , she was surprised that it really did " instantly dry " her polish .
this item is so pretty ! ! ! i like the shinny a lot . if the box are full there were be even more fantastic . love it anyway
exactly what i was looking for , great value ! bought for myself and my daughter , would recommended to any woman out there .
makes my skin crazy soft and soothes eczema . it has a scent that's pretty strong on application but quickly disappears .
beautiful color ! i use it to keep brass out of my hair . this is the only has that has ever worked and made the blonde bits green .
very nice smelling mascara . you can get this one or the black tea one . both are great . natural . separate lashes . comes off easily .
leaves hair soft and manageable . not super easy to detangle with it , but it does help tremendously . for the price , i say try it .
after using for about 2 weeks my problem with cracked and bleeding cuticles has been releived and solved . i would purchase this cream again in the future .
i use this with my favorite bb cream ans swirl in a circular motion to minimize pores . . . virtually non-existent .
i use this brush to apply peels and masques . my esthetician recommended purchasing a product like this to make application easier and to keep the jars more sanitary .
this kit is good for a beginner who wants to buy everything in one shot . has everything you need for a day to day look .
the brush guard is a great tool for drying your makeup brushes as well as for protecting your brushes while traveling .
i love this product . it helps me do my eyebrows with my eye shadow . it also helps me with my eyeliner , too .
love the case . the brushes are decent quality . so far so good . great variety for all the uses you can get out of this
i don't know what this is for so i use it like oiling my scalp with the deep conditioning masque
absolutely love my mac foundation . for a woman of color it matches perfect . it's light not to thick , foundation looks flawless .
this product didn't do a whole lot for me.it does exfoliate gently ... but i've had better results using a gentle buff puff .
this band broke the first time i put it in my hair i do not recommend anybody by this . no
this perfum is my favorite ! i have been using it for many years ... and the price is very good too ! ! i recommend it ! !
better than soaking in a bowl . sometimes only several of my nails need soaking so i can soak only the ones i need .
the negative is the lip brush is too small and scanty . i think the glosses need to be paired on top of lipsticks . very sheer
i really like this eye primer because i'm getting older and this seems to smooth out you lids and does keep your shadow looking nice most of the day .
i have used this cream off and on for a couple of years . it is a good cream for the price although i prefer the fragrance variety .
it heats up very fast . smooth curls with shine . doesnt burn hair . several heating levels , highly recommended . great value for money
qtips cotton swap is the best brand of cotton swabs . i use them all the time . i won't buy anything else .
thought these came up as bpa free but when they arrived there is no indication on the package or bottle that these are safe plastic . disappointed .
i had alot of allergies to this which caused sneezing all the time . i also used too much and it broke out my skin .
great product ... i needed lots of practice and i'm still getting the hang of it ... and need i say i need more of these babies ...
i buy this a lot it works so good and i feel better . great product and great price .. go get it
i love this mud mask . for me it's really refreshing . my skin becomes softer after applying this mask . i will definitely buy this again .
good polishes . not as full coverage or dense as i would have liked but they are very bright and bold .
this stuff is fantastic . i am using it on my forehead as well and the wrinkles seem like they are getting smaller.this cream also smells so good !
drys my nails fast which is what i wanted . perfect for when your decorating the nails and need one layer to dry before the nxt .
this is a great body wash . my kids and my husband all love it and smell great ! i highly recommend it !
i love this product it did exactly what they said it it would do . i will buy it again , great scent as well .
as always , opi never fails to please . love the color and that opi's polishes last for more than a week .
i have been using this product for over a year . it is a wonderful cleanser . as always dermalogica is the best and amazonmakes it more affordable !
smells amazing , keeps my skin soft , and is very non - greasy . best lotion i've ever used , and maybe he cheapest too .
this brush gets through tangly wet hair with ease and very little breakage , if any . i would highly recommend it .
good quality and showed up really fast . these have stood up to a few uses and haven't had a problem at all . i would recommend .
great product but came a shade darker than i anticipated .. would be good for a spring or summer look but not for winter . =/
my daughter has naturally curly hair , drives us nuts ! this is one product she loves and she is very picky ... so far so good !
it was kasia's recommendation . see her blog :[ ... ] it definitely is noticeable and it makes your face bright . i love it !
works well on my nails so far , but we will see in the long run . tiny jar for the price though .
great way to try these products and decide if you like them . on the basis of these i went ahead and orderd full size products .
i was't where i spect i think was to put you eyelashes easy and the not at all was hart to put my eyelashes whit this
a nude color with a touch of blush - i always gets compliments from other women when i wear this . looks very pretty , professional and well dressed .
it's cute a container and it's more of a watery consistency but once it dry it leaves the tint look .
non irritating and feels good on the skin , seems to remove any excess cleanser or makeup . no harsh chemicals to damage your skin !
great quality ! i have bought many different now products and haven't been disappointed yet . this is my favorite scent so far !
this item was just as described i like that it has all the different sizes because it helps add more dynamics to the design .
i like the way this serum goes on , it dries fast and leaves no greasy residue . i recommend this to anyone looking for a good hyaluronic serum .
another favorite of mine . my hubbs smells soooooooooo amazing when he wears this stuff . i like to sniff him as he walks by lol :)
this leaves your face incredibly soft and moist . good for sensitive skin . one of my favorites .
this product could have been good , but i didn't give it a chance . i was not in favor of the scent so decided to return this product .
these are great ! perfect for doing the rockstar nails . goes great under acrylic ( which is how they are meant to be used ) .
nice wig easy to care for can be straigtened or curled awesome wig very silky and wavy good buy dawn
this hair clip is a nice one and is ok but similar ones go for the same amount so there really is no big deal on this one
this is a cute simple glitter gel . its multi color glitter and very small sparkles . i love wearing this glitter with no color
this smells good and works well . i use it when i flat iron my hair and it does protect , while leaving a shine .
my clients really love these and so i will need to order more . they are very detailed and look great on the nails and toe nails .
the color is good but it does not stay on very long . you will have to re-apply it every few days .
la girl pro conceal is a great concealer . it is recommended my so many great makeup artist . now i can see why .
it is really a good product ... lot of benefits . good smell , good result , good color , good cooling etc .. try this once
great tool to have at a home nail salon . easy to use and easy to follow instructions . the plate is light and easy to maneuver .
works great for me . it heats up fast . i'm not a daily straightener so i'm not a good source to talk about how well it holds up .
it's soft and neutral . it goes with blacks and browns . overall it a good liner . i would reccomend to a friend .
doesn't firmly hold the hair in . i like the fact it's a 2 incher and it heats up okay , but nothing spectacular.too loose .
works like it says it will . i also watched a video on you tube with instructions . i love this . makes hair shiny and bouncy !
smells beautifully , very similiar to flowerbomb or chanel . the smell lingers all day and the bottle is quite nice and is worth every penny .
i didn't find this to work very good or make a very good bun . i think the donut bun kid works much much better ...
i like this product . i still have some oiliness by the end of the day , but better than not using it at all .
i liked the way this lotion smells the best . it did work very well . i just stopped indoor tanning however it was good while i used it .
i would highly recommend this ceramic hair dryer . excellent workmanship . indeed , very high quality , and quite handsome . recommended . dame hilda
nice assortment , the brushes are well made . once again they were a gift for my other daughter . she loved them .
eh don't waste your money unless you know how to apply . its harder than it appears . will not purchase anymore
i love it so much better than the shany cosmetics makeup pallete there is a shimmer to some colors and the matte so you get the best of both
i make my own lotion and needed a container that was durable and didn't allow light in . this was perfect !
this is good quality make up but meant for younger skin as its got too much shininess to it . fast service ?
recommend this product . works very well and i love the fact that it is two-sided . also very east to clean .
this oil doesn't smell like anything . i tried applying it to something and the smell was way too weak . would not recommend this product .
i love the crackled look but hate the price of most ! this set is pretty affordable and allows for a ton of color combinations !
i recommend this top coat . not expensive and it works really great . it makes your nails dry faster last longer and look super shiny
manic panic is my people love them this lipstick is wicked i love it so much i will be seeing u soon thanks a bunch
excellent product ! recommended to me by a dermatologist years ago and have been using it ever since ! try it at least once and you won't regret it .
great cream , left skin smooth , only tried for a week but looks better already ! no redness or itchiness.thanks !
i love it ! i use for face when i need in winter more often then in sumer i will buy more :)
product came early . just as expected . i love this brand of gel polish . if your looking for a good brand of gel polish i recommend ! !
i have dry skin and this is the only thing that really works to moisturize without making my skin break out . love it !
they are cute but when put on nail they are very bulky also they are not.very good sticking on nails
sturdy rollers . clasp works ok but could be much more stronger . but i like them so they are a keeper .
take to long . to much effort . did not like at all . did not like the steam and water . regular curlers work better .
i just love this mat , does the job . dries very quick ans it is the right size to hold several items .
big size , very gentile on my nails have nice smelland remove very easy any color , gel or glitter nail polish
great for the cheap price . i even do my two little girls nails with these tools . these were definitely a great buy .
my husband loves this product . he uses it all of the time and it helps him
when i saw concealer i thought .. meh .. i'll give it a trydoes work and it's creamy which allows me to exact where i put it with solid coverage
love love love this mask . cool feeling upon putting it on , doesn't take long to dry , works great . plus it's inexpensive , bonus ! :)
starts dark blue and fades to a vibrant purple . i loved it :] it started out very vivid dark blue .
the foam is richand fluffy . like the lack of fragrance ; there are enough scents already floating around any home . would recommend this product !
there are not very many pearls and they seem so cheap . lucky they did not cost much at all . i would not recommend ordering .
i used it over the blue i already had in my hair so i probably haven't seen the fullness of the color . but what i did see i liked
this is a nice conditioner and leaves your hair feeling very soft and smooth . it rinses out well . will probably continue to buy it i the future .
i really love this product and it works as soon i as put it on
these dotting pens are great . each side has a different size and it gives you good variety for your designs . these are really useful .
i normally don't wear make up , or i didn't until i purchased bare escentuals . i couldn't be happier !
i have not had the chance to use these rhinestones yet because of the tweezers i have don't work to well .
this product is much more than i expected ! i really loved it . i recommend to all who have extremely oily skin .
if you love the smell of lavendar this lotion is for you . i use it after shower at night to help sleep .
bought as an addition to my collection , definitely nice , bristles firm but not hard at all on the skin . maintains shape as well , minimum shedding .
i like it at first i was hesitant but no need to be . it is comfortable and seems to work and great price
you get a lot for your money , but the shine is not very good is you put a top coat on them
i will only buy this brand from now on . it works great and feels good on your skin , not to mention the price point .
good coverage but wipes of easily . waiting for the setting powders in original & saffron to see if it still gets on my hands and clothes .
didn't see any improvement while using this product . will try to find something else that will help tighten up facial skin .
this brush is very fluffy and soft . i use this brush to apply my matte bronzer and it works beautifully !
wonderful , wonderful , wonderful , juist try these products for yourself and you will be talking like me baby . i will always buy these forever ever .
this product leaves my skin soft and smooth . i also used it as gifts to friends who are also enjoying the product .
this blend is perfect . now oils never smell like petroleum and always smell fresh . they will keep for years ! thank you
used this for one month but does nothing for puffy eyes , i even bought the repelnishing eye cream but its been waste of money
my dogs love it . they are very healthy for their age and i want to keep it that way . i will continue to buy this for them .
i really love this product after having 3 baby's you need a cream like this . you will notice the difference
this is another product i can not live without . i have so many compliments when i us it . great great product .
love this brush for eye shadow coverage . covers very well - easy to use . would recommend to anyone whouses bare minerals .
i was looking for a beige polish and this delivers . it has great shine when dry , true color and applies very evenly .
easy to apply , not to thick , top coat is very shiny . sets in less then 2 mins . makes for fast application .
i've heard that it's very useful so i bought it . i love tee tree oilso i love this lotion
love this dryer . drys my hair in half the time and doesn't dry out my scalp as much . durable and nice looking .
it looks reallly amazing , its such a pretty copper and essie makes a really good quality polish , looks great and it doesnt chip in a day
wonderful product for doing fun colors and . art work brushes are great for many uses with my nail salon love love love them thank you
now i won't have to use same one for different colors . arrived sooner than expected and works great !
good product which doesn't have a strong smell , it's appreciable . small bottle but i'm not using it every day so it's good .
i thought this was double sided eye tape . d . u . p double sided eyelid tape works very well to open my hooded eyes .
max factor mascara , although they don't have dramatic effect of lancome , are great for everyday use . no clumping and great separation of lashes .
this shampoo is extremely drying , i would only recommend it for fine oily hair . it doesn't seem to have any conditioner .
great primer . small bottle . i just use a small amount to prep face prior to putting on my makeup and it helps maintain your foundation
i like the idea that this product produces youthful radiant looking skin . the quality is defiantly in this product and i am looking forward to further results !
very durable when going to spend the night over someone house , and have a day spa . ;) love the product and love the professional look ! !
surprised at poor quality of the product from almay . i use mascara from almay which is fine , but these eye shadows are horrible .
look exactly as shown in picture . used with costume , lots of fun . came in plastic wrap , are about 12 " long .
the line this pencil draws is exact ! perfect for letting you smudge it if you like or a perfect line if you prefer . great quality and great value
seems okay . but would not purchase again . the other formula is for me . has good body to it and blends in easy
i thought this would smell better , maybe as good as bergamon but it doesn't . i think this ylang ylang kind of has a stinky smell .
i love this product . it works great ! it is a new procedure for me ... but it works great and i will use it often .
i have been using this base ( pressed foundation ) for several years and highly recommend it to anyone with sensitive oily skin .
i like this new shampoo i have it on my subscribe & save to recieve it mothlyi recommend this product and the price is great
love the product ... its very sturdy and very very simple to use . make amazing hairstyles within minutes ... a must have if you love experimenting with your hair
cute mixed color rolls , they are way smaller than what they look on the picture , the blue roll was a bent hopefully i could save it
easy to apply and achieve great color / shading with the four panels . i like the little bit of sparkle in the color .
i bought several of these for stocking stuffers and they were all great . perfect for what i expected and everyone loved them .
love it , makes my kinky hair manageable , bought a bigger one after i finished this one . try it , you will love it
not very impressed by the smell but it seems to not strip my hair and the color lasts well with washing every couple days .
i suffer from dry skin and this product really moisturises and leave my skin feeling soft and smooth . i love the smell as well . highly recommended !
i have had a good experience with rose hip seed oil in facial products and soaps but the oil alone did nothing for my dry skin .
it is a perfect holiday color with just the right amount of sparkles in it . only takes a few coats to get it to a perfect green .
i have a high-stress job with little time for primping . this makeup goes on , doesn't get blotchy during my work day , and stays on for hours .
i was quite impressed with the professional quality of these false lashes . they also washed well enough for me to use them more that three times .
i did not have any results from this product . i think i did better with the murad product , another over the counter product
my daughter had a tube of this which lasted her two years - she loves that it keeps her eye makeup where she put it -
it was so thin and so super pale . it did not give any coverage and i did not see any results .
helps with applying lashes and is okay quality . not the best but decent . decent . there r better for the price but these will do ...
is great i use it everytime i wear makeup and my skin turn soft . the price is great im so going to buy more soon !
gave this to my niece and she fell in love with it . looks like i'll be buying this product again .
this body wash is wonderful - it smells great and no bizarre / unnecessary ingredients - can recognize everything listed !
it seemed like there was hardly anything in the can . it ran out of stuff after about 2 uses . buy batista instead .
my teenage daughter absolutely loves these tools ! such a bargain - i've seen them at drug stores for way more $ $ $
this brush is truly the best i've ever used ! it's soft and easy to use , and if you wash it in a regular base it won't change shape
great product . shipping was fast . it did spill a little but it was not to bad .
this gel took forever to dry under uv light , thick and goes on clumpy . takes a lot to smooth it out .
great facial brush that's so gentle you can use it everyday . it really leaves my skin feeling smoother after using .
i am completely satisfied with the quality of the silk mask . i have been using it for about a month now and it is holding up quite well .
i am used to a bigger blush brush and i usually spend alot more on mac brushes and this one is just as good !
not any thing specail . i don't think that's is worth me to spent money to buy again . better pass guy
i absolutely love this ! its the perfect weight for my face ... never too oily or heavy ! i recommend it to everyone !
i use these with a sugar body scrub twice a week to give a great glow , they work great with the sugar scrub or regular body wash .
the color is very rich and smooth . i love that it gives me nice , heavy coverage , without making my face look overly caked .
this product is an excellent value if you have a clarisonic . i've not seen a better price , sale or otherwise , anywhere .
love the colors in this palette ! i am partial to neutral tones and this has some great shades in it !
i really have not used it on my nails yet i did do the nail stand with it and it seems to be good ! !
it's good for my skin but okay for my hair . i use it to temporary take care of my dry scalp .
... thanks youtube because if its not the tutorials i wouldn't know about good brushes ! ? ... this stipling brush works very well i'm glad i have one !
i would recommend this product for anyone who is battling hair-thinning problems . it has totally helped me and i wish i would've ordered this sooner !
i used this for my nails and i love it . i just added a little crazy glue and it says on ! its so sparkly ;)
i thought there would be more in it like the picture , there was random pink stars which i was confused by . there nice just wish there was more
this lotion smells so nice . way better way of keeping moisturized than the generic brand lotion i had been using before
i love remington products . i haven't been disappointed by their product yet . it's a great price & you can't go wrong .
works great on my curls ... a product that does what it says ... worth the money ! ! ! a lil goes a long way ...
this stuff is great ! it applies black , so you cant see it and it sticks really well . i'm very pleased with it .
these pens are way too cool . they are light weight and work great . i am glad i purchased them . thank you !
this product has very low pigmentation . i wouldn't recommend it . the wet n wild brow kit is a lot more pigmented than this .
the gems are cute but the segments on the end are impossible to open . so i haven't used them yet .
smell good not to strong i think it should have been a little stronger but it still smell great i like it
i purchased these brushes because i am always doing my nails . i would recommend these for anyone who likes to do their nails .
i always use this and love it . not too sticky , and holds just right .
this is my favorite mascara ever . i almost never have to worry about clumps and they make my lashes look nice and thick .
ugly and is not worth the price , this thing should cost $ 5 max .. i will keep it around and give it to someone as christmas gift
if you do your nails at home and like the gel polish , this uv light nail dryer is a must have .
i go through so many brushes - some of better quality than others . this one falls into the " gets the job done but nothing special " category .
my family of 5 love this shampoo and conditioner . it is light , great smell and really does leave hair sleekand shiney !
this is one of the few trend colors that doesn't look ridiculous on adult nails ! and the color goes with everything , too .
this tooth gel is amazing . i love the natural ingredients . i love that its minty like and not fruit flavored .
the yellow spray can works better than any of the other choices . the others seem to dry the skin and leave it pasty .
someone told me to get this top coat . what a find . my polish stays on over a week ... with lots of abuse .
i really like this color . it's raspberry / cranberry depending on the light . easy to work with after the second application . dark but still very feminine .
this was a gift for our daughter-in-law and she loves it . they are regular size bottles and the colors are really neat .
i dont think its smells as great as her other brands , but its not a miss either .. its worth the money ..
i bought this product and it does say clear , but when i put it on it looks a little bit cloudy over my white tips ... it's ok ...
the fur is so soft.ilove it very much . the handle is so comfortable . it is a very good blush brush .
this brand is excellent and i love it but this particular brush doesn't do much difference from my other foundation brushes and it doesn't offer much definition either
the tip of this liner is to hard sometimes i thought it cut my eyelid , i give it 3 stars .
very well made and works like a charm . i'm still learning how to use this thing as i'm kind of a clumsy person .
polypodium leucotomos supplements are hard to come by , and this is by far the best product i've come across with that rare ingredient .
keeps my oily skin at bay without looking like a have a ton of makeup on .
this was such a great deal and it looks so much prettier in person , a great little trinket to put on your hair and look stylish .
just as described this polish is perfect for stamping . i have other reds that are exactly the same and are not special for stamping .
this is my first time using one of these . it works great for thick hair . it holds great with this design .
if you like lavender you will love the smell of this women's perfume . try it , you will like it . you won't be disappointed .
very pigmented and great eyeshadow colors ! ! i love it ! it is a decent size and can tell they will last me a while .
your face feels clean and not tight like so many cleansers make the skin feel . this is a good make up remover also .
when you apply it on the skin it just absorbs it like water , which i really like and its pretty cheap since the container is pretty huge .
i've used 3 or 4 bottles of this product and it works for me , as it doesn't have a fragrance and doesn't dry out my skin .
very low quality ! i got what i've payed for ! they are too rough and almost unusable for me . just scissors are normal
one day of use and the handle broke off . i could have had that happen with a tool from the dollar store .
hope they would come up with products like this . gentle but very effective . i am a fan ! i will definitely refill !
i wore this on top of my givenchy foundation and it gives me a tad more coverage than my loose powder
i got it as a gift , but my netetr half seems to like it a lot . construction seems ok too .
works great and it does not have the harsh smell of the other nail polish removers that i have used previously . i will buy this again ! ! !
i have always liked opi polish and they have great colors and now in the gel polish and this color is one of my favs
this nail drill works great does exactly what it says it does . lots of power easy to use . just like in a nail shop
the best shampoo out there . i use it in between using other treatment shampoos . but this one is by far the best one out there .
great lipstick ! goes on smooth , doesn't dry out . perfect color ! i love revlon's lip butters ! i will definitely buy again !
for getting twenty-two pieces at this price , its perfect if you're on a budget like many of us . the roll up case makes it that much better .
the title said it all . i can use this for almost any occasion but this would not suit professional work .
use it after shampooing to keep your hair moisturized and shiny - - people just love the smell of it - -
i received 2 bottles of conditioner instead of one shampoo and one conditioner . i will buy the shampoo and then leave feedback about the product .
check the andes honeybee cream comment ... i have re-discovered the best stuff is made from your own hands , from your own cupboards ..
does not work , follwed directions had several others try it just doesn't so what it says it will :( sad face
i have not used anyother polish remover since using opi remover , it's fantastic and does not dry out your nails at all , its a must ! !
i must have been in a weird mood . i used it for a few weeks and realized it was a waste of time nd money .
great product smells good and you don't have to use allot . yes i would buy again if the price get better to high
i love this case . it's lightweight and the two extendable trays are so fab . great way to stay organized . love it
this lotion is too runny . it smells nice though but not great for dry areas that's why i gave it three stars
it has been popular for a long time , and it can even be called the star product of maybelline . good .
this hair clip is pretty and the end flowers are nice all by themselves .
it wasn't my color so it's better if you go the store and buy it in person . but if it was my color i would probably use it
this is the most beautiful instant color ! i love this and will order many more in the future ! looks so natural and doesn't smear !
didn't do a thing for curls or frizz easing - did detangle , though . would not repurchase and wouldn't recommend this .
highly recommend i plan to order more in the near future . fast shipping considering that i am currently overseas . thanks
love using my clairsonic and the rush heads are soft and durable , too . will always look to amazon for great prices .
i love all things murad . makes my face keep in the moisture right after my shower . great fast service also .
i use it every day . good price-product deal ! would buy it again.nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice
i have not tried all 12 of these bottles , but the ones i have used spray well and have not clogged so far .
i used it everyday after the shower and doesnt fade the skin . i finished all the tube completely with no results .
nyx is the only lip liner i use . it goes on smooth and even and lasts throughout the day . it will even hold up during a sharpening .
i get so many compliments when i wear this color . hard to find in stores . everyone should have this color
i like the smell of the replenishing mist but cannot really see any benefit of using it . i want to see results from products .
so many options with the nail tape ! it looks awesome on , i love it and the service was fantastic ! ! excellent ! !
nice delicate color , and very soft and creamy on my lips . does not have much staying power at all . i have to re fresh it quiteoften .
i was very pleased with the amount of stone that i received . i like the case as well . i will order more i . the future
these plates are easy to use and they look like a pro did your nails . they look like air brushing .
i bought these bows to put on my acrylics . they are really cute & surprisingly they never fell off my nails . the rhinestones are really shiny . :)
i've used better products by nexxus . this product did not thicken my hair at all . not worth the special order .
no directions included , we can't figure out how they work . description wasn't clear . good price it we knew how to use them .
do the job , come clean in the washing machine , no complaints . i got a great deal and would order again for the same price .
great price and great brushes . very soft and they are the best makeup brushes i have owned
very nice smooth glide as you shave your legs very close shave easy fat handle and when it get wets i can hold it without slipping
i bought these for my girlfriend and she thinks they are great for the price and reasonably well made . these are good for all skill levels .
nice and not so over powering smell.not too bad for sensitive skin ( no funny reactions - my guy has sensitive skin )
beautiful green color peacock . i get alot of compliments on my hair accessories . would love to see one in black and another in white .
this has become my favorite of all the stamping plates i have . the designs are cute , and they transfer well .
it works as well as the maybelline glaze stick i love it so much just the right amount of color
i love their products and use both the eye serum and regenerist daily . it really moisturizes and makes wrinkles fade away big time .
nice , to work with , not so heavy nice and easy . plenty space for us to use on nails of any material .
so many designs . so many patterns . i have tried all of them and really can't pick out my favorite one .
i could not be happier with this purchase ! every time i wore it girls would be after me and giving me compliments !
i think it is a little heavy and i cannot absorb the nutrition from the masks . i feel disappointed with korean skin care products .
i like the way this base goes on . it's not thick , but think it gives good coverage . i will purchase it again .
i love these designs , they look great ! i think i'll use them during the holidays too . can't wait to see them in a variety of colors .
it will lengthen the life of all my brushes , being able to clean them professionally will give them more life ! good packaging and great delivery .
this blowdryers does great blow outs ! ! but the damn nzzels don't stay on that sucks , , and it doesn't come with a comb attachment bummer ...
i like this cause it easy to cut on false nail and get them in the right shape and works fine .
they are very beautiful and definitely worth the very small price . just small and difficult to work with without the proper tools .
i really like this oil for making homemade beauty products and as a deep conditioner for my hair . i will definitely purchase this oil again .
as soon as i finish this i need to order more . they really do give the lines a break through the night . i wear them overnight .
i love the colors ! and they are mini , but you can get quite a few uses out of them . definitely recommend !
a good lip balm with a beautiful color , , it not just moisturize the lips but add a hint of color too .. a good purchase .. :)
i love obaji and this product . shipped fast . a little goes a long way and it works so well . i wouldnt ever switch .
i rated the item four stars because one of the slanted brush's bristles push in . other than that one defect , no other complaints ...
i immediately noticed that my eyelids seemed firmer the very first time i used this product . it also makes an excellent primer under eye shadow .
this product for the money and size is so much better than you can get in the local stores . absolutely satisfied with this product and will order again .
i use this wand a lot ! i love it ! it doesn't fry your hair and it heats up pretty fast !
i purchased this product and i have had no regrets at al ! i would recommend this item to anyone ! ! ! great value .
they were a little dull , but overall work pretty well . invest in a nice sharpening tool and these should work for you .
besides the shipment taking a little while , this product is always great . i love the brand and it was a great price .
great item and is very cute to wear with many different outfits and items . i would wear with almost anything .
this stuff is very nice not greasy or runny , smells nice and works to protect against the sun . i use their other products , very good qulaity
i am not a stranger to this product . i have used it for years and it lives up to its claims .
hi , i tried a lot of primer from v . expensive ones to normal and nothing like this one . excelent for oily skin or under finelines .
the hairs fell out daily . it is best to invest in a good set of makeup brushes . these create lines and makes your makeup uneven
love it ... not the most expensive took awhile to get it but overall i like it this is my 2nd time buying it
decent inexpensive dry shampoo . make sure to shake it well and spray it at a distance , otherwise you will end up with white hair !
the size of the designs is wonderful whereas other companies are very small and don't cover the whole nail . i love pueen and cant wait to buy more !
product is exactly as if purchased in any department store and or beauty store . arrived way earlier then promised . great deal .
i did the directions but used a smaller amount . ive done this mask about 5 times and absolutely nothing has happened ...
compares the same with my $ 8.00 neutrogena facial cream . i thought this product had more to offer , but it doesn't .
i have naturally curly hair and this is great at smoothing it and keeping it from getting so frizzy in this southern weather .
its a really nice colot the only thing is that its pretty bright . i think a darker red wouldve been better but this is still pretty ok :)
i thought this conditioner kept my hair soft and supple . nothing hard or sticky . i thought it was a really good product .
easy to use nail color come out easy and fast soak sweet to use as well i feel great to have order this to .
this has really helped me with dry feet and not just my heels , will probably buy again . economical as well .
this product is worth every penny and more . keeps my skin moisturized and soft . i will continue to use this product .
this a great deal if you're looking to try new brushes . i think this is a great set to start with if you're new to makeup (:
love the brushes love the case . your brushes will stay in prestine condition with this case . this is a must have .
this seems to work well with my uv light for my gel nail kit . it think it helps them but i dont have much to compare it to .
i would have give 5 stars but the handle is so big it is hard to handle . my hand gets tired holding it to blow dry my hair .
i just haven't had time to use these yet .. but i am sure i will like them i have had these before and loved them .
i bought this set of nail tools for my granddaughter and she loves it . the quality is very good and they are easy to use for nail art .
this is a great hair spray . it smooths , but does not leave your hair sticky or rigid . smells nice too .
super fast delivery and wonderful product ! absorbs fast and the smell is amazing . good size bottle for the money . would highly recommend !
i can't belive i've survived with out this . smells amazing and all you need is a drop for the entire hair
ultraswim shampoo is excellent . in combination with the conditioner , it helps keep your hair from during green and brittle and it smells good too !
i love how this conditioner makes my little girls hair smell . i also like that the ingredients are natural.the pump is a nice addition .
i was recently turned onto philosophy at a make-up counter . i really like how's it easily removes makeup without being super oily .
it was more of a semi-smoothing gel . this was okay on my fine hair but it didn't work well on my niece's hair at all .
i bought these in the four-pack and was pleased with the quality for the price . heavy plastic with soft bristles .
i really like the consistency . my skin has improved so much during the last two weeks . good bargain price . thank you .
this soap is mild and has a pleasant clean scent . very nice and i like the way it leathers up .
it's okay it wears out more that's fine since i have 24 all together but still it was a great purchase and i would recommend buying this .
these aren't pastel colors . they are more neon than anything but for what i paid for it , i guess it's ok .
i really like this for washing my hair when used in conjunction with my leave in conditioner it makes my hair feel so good .
nice product we used and purchased from amazon.great product for eyebrows and eye shapes . like this product.thanks - hp
i like the black soap and this one is great . it's not too hard on my skin and doesn't crumbles quickly like some other black soap .
you can never have too many stampers or scrapers ! love it , love shany
i love this product , i alternate this product with the daily cleanser , it helps with dry skin and gives you softer and more radiant skin .
i used this everyday on my upper eyelids for a month or so , and saw absolutely no difference at all . i will not buy it again .
for my hair type this product did not work for me . however when i did used it it leave some flaky mess when after drying
love this product . i am not sure about cellulite yet but it is smell good and leaves me a nice smooth soft skin .
this sunscreen definitely works , buts very heavy and . makes you look like a ghost ... very pasty no matter how are you rub it in .
great cleanser for a great price . this cleanser is creamy and lathers well , removes dirt and oil and leaves your skin soft .
these are my favorite nail brushes ! they work so well and i highly recommend them to everyone ! thank a lot !
i would keep using this but unfortunately suave tests on animals and so i'm switching to natures gate instead . they don't test on animals !
really good brow powder it beats my nyx brow powders . love this much more paired with my revlon brow pencil .
i love avon products and the avon glimmersticks eye liner glides on smoothly and stays one . it doesn't smear and always looks good .
best vitamin c serum yet . poppy austins feels great , smells great , and works like a charm ! you will love this !
not sure if it does anything for the blonde , but it sure has a nice hold and it doesn't take much .
it worked great for me and helped me nurse my face back to normal after a really bad break out
i love this stuff because it really work on my skin , also glad i don't have to run to store to buy
best acne medication ever my son is a musucian and his skin is clear worth the expense give it try
i had been looking for this product in many places and was so happy i found it . it works great
i was expecting a better feel from this product , to me it is as greasy as any other type product but more costly .
this stuff is pretty cool , it goes on easy an super easy to blend out . better than the more expensive brands ive experimented with .
i often get comments on this one . i must have 50 different scents that i rotate daily . this is likely my favorite .
my husband put this stuff on hair for months and didn't do anything ! it was a complete waste of time and money for us .
perfect for rubbing alcohol to spray makeup and tools for cleaning and sanitizing . very clear appearance to the bottle looks nice . fin mist .
very handy when you need a softer stamper , like with some polishes or some stamps that it's hard to pick up the image , this one helps
fits perfect into clairsonic and works like original brushes . i would highly recommend these especially if you want to save money .
whitening effects weren't amazing , but it did moisturize my skin very , very well . awesome for pampering the skin , not for whitening .
love it in my opinion all this gellish are amazing the color is perrrfect to do some nails and rock that hand of yours , , thank you
i love harmony products - you cannot go wrong with this line . this is a lovely color and i get many compliments when wearing this color .
great for placing and blending powder shadows . the shape of the brush allows for multiple uses . held up well after washing - no bristle fallout .
this is a very dainty pretty head band i purchased two one for me and one for my daughter we love it .
i love this cleanser . it takes off all of my makeup without leaving any film . i got many of my friends hooked on to this ! ! !
this is sooooo fragrant and creamy smooth . i wear this with my other elizabeth arden fragrances . i get lots of compliments . i will definitely buy again .
i love the smell of this leave-in conditioner . i haven't had it long enough to rate . after use i will re-rate this product . stay tuned .
they are cheap in price , and in quality as well . i dont use them because they are pretty much plastic and dont stay on .
the large ones aren't natural looking but , the small ones are very ! they are not bad quality for the price , definitely a good buy !
beautiful curls in a healthy way ... heatless .. what's not to love . thank you amazon and others ' reviews to help me decide to purchase these .
these are terrible , they don't cut , they pull . stay away and get mehaz cuticle nippers for $ 26 , you'll be happy @
not a lot bubbles but good enough for me.it makes my face clean and fresh . i love the odor too.good to buy .
love it ! it works perfectly fine on my designs . i will need to buy another one soon . good rate ! ! @
this eye pencil didn't glide on very smoothly and was kind of flaky . i'd try the jumbo lip pencils before these thin ones .
my wife loves this scent ! she wears it everyday and receives many compliments from men & women ! it lasts a long time .
these were way longer then i was expecting . and really thin . hair was falling off of them almost right away . not impressed .
this is so hard to use . it always smudges everywhere and it takes forever to dry and doesn't stick for so long . :(
this applies very differently than regular eyeliner . it fills in places that typically are neglected by other products . i'm impressed !
sorry but it does not work , it gives more dandruff and it is a waste of money , i will never get it again
this color is cute , however , it's a thin polish and tends to streak if applied unevenly . you're going to have to apply about 3 even coats .
the item was how it felt it would be . order came on time and had no problems with the item .
i bought this with image discs . i have found it very easy to use . the ends of the stamper clean easy and and the scraper works well .
it is working really well with my skin no purging at all recommend people to research it and try it
using this wig for my mother of dragons cosplay and blackcat and it is just like the picture and so soft and pretty
i've been using it all the time - i like it . and the package price is good value for money .
i love it , olay professional pro-x eye restoration complex anti aging is the best i use it everyday , it's like a instead botox for a while .
my son says it leaves his face fresh and clean ... i personally find the scent abit strong but not much so all in all its pretty good .
there are not 1800 . and when you apply them , they get dull because its plastic . not shinny at all , even with gel
i will forever buy this lash glue . its fantastic . it works amazing and its a little expensive but i love it
this glue is alright . its nothing amazing but it does what its supposed to do . so i guess its good to use .
leaves my face soft and not dry . that is a good thing because i have used other face washes that irritate my skin .
i like the color and quality of the nail polish but it had more blue tinge and wasn't as bright as expected .
the proactiv products are overpriced and undersized . there are more cheap and natural ways to help your skin , such as honey .
it's super smooth to apply , it's not tick . when you apply it it's transparent and really holds my foundation a little bit longer , lovely !
there are so many choices to choose from and there all unique and different it is so hard to choose from i highly recommend it to anyone
this oil of olay product not one of my favorites , very little product in container for the price you pay . would not use this one again .
this kind of gloss is really a favorite of mine , it makes your lips look amazing ! lots of shine and pigment plus smells good enough to eat .
awesome color high pigments and a smooth coating that goes onto your lips got to say im hooked on pink
i love this product it really useful and it helps you make better design and u can also use it for making straight lines and better design .
i always buy australian gold tanning products ... why buy the expensive ones when these do the same thing ... what a great product ...
love love ! very big and fluffy , perfect for all over the face powder application . i use it to set my foundation and it works amazingly .
it does become dry after a while . you must reapply or gloss it for moisture . other than that i love the color and still wear it .
love this and will use a lot for sure ! right along with the other olive oil mask , i rotate these and its wonderful !
i like this product , i try everything on the market , but i do like this great price fast ship . will buy again
easy to hold bottle and a pleasing scent . it rinsed cleanly and when paired with the shampoo , it left my hair feeling very soft and clean .
the diane hair conditioning caps are far better quality than the plastic caps i was purchasing from the local beauty supply store .
my hairdresser recommended this . its a waste of money , and it is expensive . it did nothing for my hair . morrocan oil is much better .
keep in mind this is the stamp only , you have to order the actual figure.it works well , just wish it would be flatter
great facial cleanser . no soap good clean ingredients . i will repurchase . also purchased their coconut version . like that too :)
adorei o produto ! ! ! demorei pq minha tia me enviou e demora muito pra chegar , mas veio tudo direitinho . perfeito , amo esse creme ! !
great " knockoff " for some other sponges that have become a bit overpriced . just wish it was a bit bigger but still a great deal !
i use these strips mainly because i have black heads on my cheeks and nose . it doesn't get rid of all my blackheads but most of it .
exacly what i was expecting , i just don't like how long i have to wait for these it seems like all nail products take so long to arrive .
using it mostly morning and night for my lips . no other moisture needed during the day .
i loved the hair dye . i am sure i will shop with you in the future . love the products . fantastic .
be careful ... if you use too much product your hair does not curljust clumps together ... use it with a little bit of moraccean oil
very happy with purchase . works well . i had no issues with the drill kit and comes with some extras . thanks !
i love these strips they are easy to use and really work . you can actually see them working after first use .
this is a great moisturizer which absorbs well :) i have to say , the products scent was ( for me ) a pleasant surprise !
if you share your shower with a spouse and of course do not use the same products there isn't a cleaner looking way to unclutter the look .
easy application , never needs sharpening , good staying power , didn't smudge or bleed , i would recommend it and i would buy again
got this to try before my blepharoplasty , and they do work well . a little tricky to figure out in the beginning , but just takes practice .
i havent tried these brushes yet , bt i will be practicing first before i try this on my nails . thanks for getting this item quick to me
i remembered it smelling better at the store . i am not sure if this can go bad or be old but it seems to be different .
i love the shampoo . i have been trying many natural shampoo and conditioner but i finally found it ! thank you !
my daughter is so happy i finally ordered her her own palette , now she don't have to always use mine and me yelling don't drop it .
i love covergirl eyeliner i use this pencil as an eyeliner and to help fill in my eyebrows on days they look too thin and it doesn't look too dark
love this for my hair and skin . i've felt a major difference in my hair since i've been using this and as well as on my skin .
i love this last glue . it works excellent . i have tried many brands , but always return to this one . thank you . :)
the colors are so adorsble ! they are so cheap too ! they come in a really cute container too ! the colors are extremely vibrant and adorable :)
i dislike these sponges because they absorb too much product and have a very unpleasant smell to them . i threw them out .
i love this purple it is a cream . its not a dark purple more of a lighter purple . application is perfect no shrinking
very nice , subtle , masculine smell . i like it a lot . however , it doesn't like more that a two or three hours .
la roche effaclar is just okay because it didn ; t do anything for my acne at all . i will just skip it
this lotion smells great and gets you quite a bit darker immediately after use . goes in very smooth and not to greasy .
good to get off dead skin , but it is very drying . wouldn't buy again you're better off using a body scrub or a loofah .
i didn't find this to be as good as other products for my skin anyway . i may work for others .
i have always loved dove body wash so i gave this a shot . it also met my expectations . makes my hair feel silky smooth .
if you traveling to somewhere coupld of day . then you should have one in your bag . is small but help you feel better
works about like others for sale . have yet to find something that works and that you can afford so will probably not reorder
i love this product . i used it constantly but it wasn't what i thought it was because i thought it would be a flat surface but it's not .
i love this little palette and i had heard about it from a beauty guru on youtube . great palette with fun colors !
this dog wash works great on my french bulldog . it makes him smell good and helps with his dry , flaky skin .
this isn't a bad powder , but that is all it is , a translucent powder . the coverage is what you would expect from a translucent powder .
i use it daily for cleaning and it is great as i use it before 2 other products i use for facial aging and damage .
perfect top coat for acrylics . as a nail tech this is the only one i use . arrives super fast and much cheaper than in stores .
the gelish set is by far superior to any other gel polish in my opinion . this is a great deal for the set of basics that you need
did not see what was so different about this as any other item . maybe not using it properly ? anyway , i did not like this .
all natural , made from fruit extracts , so no eye irritation or dangerous chemicals to deal with--and it works as well as any over-the-counter mascara--stays on without smudging .
love this for hair , lashes and brows . it does sting my eyes . if not i would give it a higher rating .
i dnt c where it is wrkin i hv been using 4 a week now i will keep using 2 c it had grt reviews but i dnt c it
i love now products and lemon oil is a stable in my house because we just love the smell and it has multiple uses .
heats quickly , love the swivel cord and the adjustable heating element . price is great , quality is there . winner for us !
it arrived on time . looks exactly like the picture . it will last a longer time since it comes with to individual kits . i love it !
i love how this makes my face feel . i was using ponds . forget ponds i am sticking to oil of olay
polish is a bit too thick i had to use a thinner first in order to use this for my water marbling
looks like there is a good variety of gems . i love all the different colors and shapes . they also seem to be the perfect size .
fragrance is subjective , so this might be nice to some people . i have allergies and found it to be too strong .
i love the little granulated beads that exfoliate at the same time as it cleans .
same as loreal-no better-defintiely not worth the price . would have bought lancome had i known . won't purchase this again . sorry .
this was a gift for my grandson . he is 16 and loves this particular cologne . it was a hit with him !
great coverage , light weight and affordable . it's a really great foundation . i would highly recommend it to anyone and it's unfortunate that it's discontinued .
this is one of my favorite night creams . i love all olay product and have yet to try one i didn't like . i highly recommend .
these can be used for all sorts of things . from applying lash dye to cake mascara , to curling lashes , these little babies have a million uses .
obessed and ive only use a couple so far ! .. since i have my old ones ! .. so pretty and very nice colors ! ..
i have always loved creme of nature products . i like the addition of the argan oil . great for my natural hair .
its ok .. but you can purchase something like this in a drugstore .. lol
best nail polish ever ! i love this nail polish ! it is the perfect nude shade and it is such a long lasting color !
this is great for the price the smell last a long time and if you like chrome , this is a great alternative .
this stuff smells pretty good and it doesn't leave you with a greasy feeling like other sunblocks do . i like it .
i've been looking for a silver holographic nail polish for years and finally found this one , they nailed it ! pun intended !
this is a good face powder and just bought it because i remember the brand from my past ; it works as well as any out there
this is as awesome as raved about . smells beautiful , lasts all day , and is never over powering .
wonderful product and feels great i thebath , relaxing , i am glad i got it and yes i would recommend this to all others
this was a good set at a good price . i like them a lot and use them for my pedicures :]
this mascara rivals any department store mascara at a fraction of the cost . lengthens lashes and washes off easily , priced competitively .
this product is awesome if you are creative and know how to use it then you will love it also
gelish products are definitely the best when doing gel nails and this sleek white is nice a bright for the french manicure . i highly recommend it ! !
theres are cute , but i thought they'd be bigger . they are still very nice and they look very nice ! !
this brushes are bad quality . don't like them because the hair is kind of stiff and don't like the way they work .
did not work as i though it would .. its was ok , but im useing it as a conceler .. what else can i do lol
thank you amazon for giving me a refund on this crap cause it did nothing for my skin but make it red and irritated .
no fragrance and it feels great applying it . the wrinkles around my eyes are reduced and my eyes look younger and refreshed .
arrived fast and actually works . it worked wonders on one of my favorite but old and thick polishes !
this product seems to work for my skin , no scent to overwhelm me , absorbs really well , and moisturizes my dry complexion .
it smudged my mascara the first time i used it . i guess i didnt wait till they got dryi cant tell if it's doing its job
not long enough , you need to use these products for a minimum of 60 days to see any results , so check back with me later .
small dab creates nice foaming action.using as a pre shave . cleans face well and creates a nice soft feel.great product at a phenomenal price .
when they say full coverage they mean it . a little bit goes a long way with this stuff . i've barely made a dent in it .
would have been better if the grit was finer . they are a little rough and dont smooth out nails all the way .
what a great item ! great quality and great price ! i love elf and all of their products . makes your eyes look awesome !
i didn't really get stellar results or anything from this . glad i used it and my hair felt refreshed but then again i'd just washed it ...
i absolutely adore the color of this blush . it's pink without being obnoxious . i love the balm products . they're great !
i love this conditioner for my quick shampoo and conditioner . leaves my hair soft , defines my curls not greasy nor heavy .
my mom used jergens when i was a child and now i do - works great - love it as always .
this is a beautiful product that is very easy to use.my daughter got these rhinestones as a birthday gift and she hasn't stopped using them yet ! !
nice color and just the right size . i am glad they make these available . the color is great and service too .
i haven't got the chance to use these rectangle metal studs yet . but i will soon not sure about the glue to use .
quem pediu afirma que o produto é muito bom e de ótima qualidade . além do que funciona perfeitamente . é um bom presente .
it work nicely burns through battery's but that's to be expected and the tips fall out sometimes but for the price its completely worth ot
i like this color , sort of has a purplish tint . i wear this color often when i want to paint my nails darker .
this covers up your roots ( and slightly balding spots ) quickly and very well--i wil buy it again .. what else can i possibly say ?
blends nice and good protection i was surprised at the cost pretty darn cheapfor a very good product will buy again
makes hair frisky and fresh , no lagging chemicals or oils.silky feel when finished.concentrate - - so use as little as possible .
very nice , not sulfate free which is what i expected but i'm using it up and then i'll order something sulfate free .
it fell apart in a couple of days . just didnt last long like i had hoped it would . i wouldntwaste your money .
good for sensitive skin , fair price for quality of product . i wish they made it in a larger size . great gentle mousturizer
makes my pores much less noticable and gives my skin that photofinish look . i also use the tinted mineral veil .
does not live up to its advertising . it left my hair more oily and did nothing for my itchy scalp .
i know you're supposed to not scrub your face but these brushes are just too soft . it feels like you're not doing anything at all to your face .
tried this on at the nail shop and fell in love ! best teal color , this is the exact color that made me love essie . great buy .
this stuff works ! it truly does u wont regret purchasing this it is very effective may take several peels to acheive desired look but it will work !
good smell , but doesn't amazed me when i wear it . it's a good day-time perfume .
gorgeous color , smooth application , very moisturizing . just what i want in a lipstick ! i've bought this in a few other colors as well .
again i am a big fan of opi . love this color . it looks great by itself and in my nail art .
this product is ok . it didn't really work very well for me . i didn't like the smell or consistency . i like the grapefruit one better .
this shampoo lathers well , a little goes a long way . i have had amazing results in conjuction with the keratin conditioner !
best mascara i have ever tried . no fallout ever ! it doesn't smear and stays in place.and the price beats most other mascaras out there
by far the best hair care product ive bought in a long time ! quality vs price is great ! thank you for such a great product !
this product is not just beautiful but it contains everything needed to do you nails . this is a high quality product made of good material .
my daughter loves this , makes her feel full and bouncy ! i find it to be too oily and runs down off the hair .
this foundation goes on so well , i use a facial sponge to apply it , you need very little foundation for complete coverage . it covers well .
i like this brush the bristles are soft and it gets the job done if you know what you are doing .
i love these tapes i have used them for not just decoration but to create some pretty awesome designs . <3
am sure this will work on some faces . it is too large for my face but does work with baked foundation .
these glitters are nice . small container , but nice colors . you can create a lot of different looks with this set .
cant say it was extremely comfortable . the comb is wide so it shouldnt hurts so of course its ouchless . nothing special about the comb
i make my own bath salts with essential oils . you can buy ones already premixed but they are expensive . with this size , it's extremely cost effective .
solid bath brush , surprisingly it's remained very clean in the shower and the bristles have held up well under use
this brightens & blings up ordinary polishes . lovely over taupe browns or metallics , haven't tried over white , but will soon !
this cream is so wonderful ! i wear it around the house if i'm not going anywhere , and when i am going someplace , this cream is great .
this bag is exactly what i was looking for . the quality is great , size , organization .. etc . perfect for our trip next week !
this product may be pricey but works great ! it smells really good as well . i use it at least once to twice a week .
i love these hair pins ! i only need two or three to keep my bun in place all day ! recommend for thick hair .
it smells good , lathers well , leaves my hair soft . the pump is a bit tricky , but that's okay . it's well worth it .
this product gives your skin a nice glow that is a pretty color . much easier to manage than the gel .
hair stylists that sell this charge way too much money . it's great product and i buy more then one at a time as my daughter uses it also .
it's does help straighten but it leaves my hair feeling weighed down and greasy . i prefer a lighter oil spray when i'm blow drying and straightening .
off course these sponges never disappoints me . nice and soft . me love em !
lovely colors . so many ideas i get for designs . plaid and shiny colors make designs pop out more and my art work look amazing .
these came in quicker than expected . also buying through amazon was a lot cheaprt than buying them at local b & m store . brushes work as expected .
i love the smell of rosewater . it's so clean and refreshing . it reminds me of the country with a garden full of roses .
i love it ! very light pleasant fragrance ... great for my skin ! it feels supple and like a baby's bottom . try it , you'll love it !
my 16yr old daughter changes her nail polish every other day ... so she like using this basic brushes.the brushes are more defined and easy to apply .
this is my fav primer helps to makes wrinkles less visible and makes my skin feel baby bottom smooth no build up
i use this to co-wash my hair . its good , and has a really awesome price . can't beat it . i'm subscribed .
great tool for polishing nails , as we all know we always make a mess unless someelse does it for us.great price , a lot for ur money .
hellothis was an amazing item ; it dries your nails its perfect for or around the house especially those who are really into nails .
very happy with all my konad stamp plates ! designs are so pretty and come out very detailed on my nails .
i love this product . i have bought it locally since finding it on amazon . i recommend this product to any one with curly or frizzy hair .
on the first use it turned my ( color treated golden blonde ) hair green ! not a shock i care to repeat ! maybe it's just me .
horrible ... sheds like crazy . i guess i got what i paid for . maybe two or three brushes are good but the rest just suck !
this brush works great on my super thick hair , much better than any teasing comb i've tried . the bristles are nice .
so so so amazing for on your cheek bones for that " kim k " look . god so perfect for any skin type .
i lover the scent of this baby wash . it is very gentle and lathers extremely well .
we use this to make our homemade skin and hair products . the shea butter is so easy to work with will be buying again .
i love this iteam its so easy to use and once on your nail it looks so good . i really recomend this itam to anyone and everyone
did not see any improvement on the sun spots . after months of using it , is very sticky and does not do what it advertised .
just like what i wrote in the title , if you actually have belmish or acne marks , this is not what you consider to cover them up
i feel this is a great product . i would order again , price is right deliver was fast and easy thanks
it wasn't double sided like it said it would be but , overall it's still works if you don't want your eyelid to change as much .
i do love this facial cleanser . it feels smooth and the fact is natural adds to the product choice . will buy it again !
cute , inexpensive hair band for the price . nice stocking stuffer or small gift . certainly not a quality gift , but good for the price !
5 stars for this is the bes nail care products.use this all the time.yes , i would tell you to buy
this is such a life saver . keeps my skin moisturized all day and slowly evens out my skin tone and clears out stretch marks .
great color , for reds , stays a long time after repeated washings , and of course , speedy delivery … will order this color again … thanks , kl
makes foundation makeup so easy to apply & applies just the right amount of coverage very quickly ! the tip is great for under eye application .
my daughters love these for their nail art ! was skeptical because they were so inexpensive but they work great ! item was delivered quickly !
smells awesome and works great to clear out those pores . i love this stuff it really invigorates me with the way it smells .
the best perfume scent that has been my wife . it is the most sensual i've tried and she loves it . very good .
great product i would order this product again . they are very easy to apply and my nails looks great.thank you
this product smells amazing . i am very happy with it . it doesn't leave an oily feel behind , and it moisturizes great would recommend .
the colors are wonderful . the palette came and nothing was broke ! ! i will definitely be ordering the cairo palette next . :)
these are high quality cotton swabs and do a good job at keeping your ears clean . they're strong enough for whatever you need to accomplish .
works like a charm ! great for the whole face to keep it nice and smooth or just the one zit .
it do what it suppose to do it not as hard . it will get the job done when need to
this product works ok . your hair dries a little faster , but this is not the miracle we keep searching for .
. item was exactly what was described and has worked very well for the price that was paid . make nail art so much more fun .
very light weight and leaves my curls fluffy and soft . i use it right after a wash for flat twist outs and bantu knot outs .
does what it says keeps my pores nice and clean works good get some ! will be buying more in the future !
this really helped with blackheads but i need replacement heads and just seem to think masks and scrubs do the same thing .
this is tube tacular very tubby tube with tube-like tubuloids . my wife liked it and applied it and was happy applying it . the end .
these are the old models , images are small for entire nails.some are good like flowers , etc . i'm keeping them but i like bm 2 better .
its exactly as you would think it would be.very sturdy , good feel and size . wonderful price , great product , a must have ! ! :)
this polish definitely strengthens my nails ! and just one coat makes my nails all shiny and purdy : 3 so happy !
i love this fragrance from avon.its very feminine , soft and sweet.not strong at all .. just the perfect fragrance if you want something soft and understated .
this stuff works , takes longer to completely dry , easy to wash off you eyelids , not so easy to get of falselashes .
i did not read the product description and therefore it is not something i will use often my dog does not like it
i use wen products , and once a week i want to clarify my hair and scalp . this shampoo has been a wonderful addition to my routine .
i love my kit i've done my nails about 6 times and still have plenty applications left . watch tutorials online to get the best application technique .
this should be a must have in everybodys routine .. i cant live without it now .. youre going to see and feel a change in your skin inmediatly
these are so cute i know they are for nails but i use them to bling out my granddaughters clother , shoes , hats
their ok there pretty cheap . it's just hollow plastic like a pen the brittsels kinda flare out . but they do have a fine tip which is good
i use itmore for my hair . it grows so well and longer than i could ever grow it with pomade
beautiful color . lasts well . no weird smells . good product . like it better than others i've tried . priced well too ! :)
and everything fell out . the nippers are not very sharp at all but that being said , everything else works great .
i was not impressed with these brushes at all . they became stiff and gross very quickly . i threw them away after 2 uses .
easy to work with , great selection , perfect size for nail art & they don't look cheap on the nail . great item , glad i purchased it !
i am very pleased with the free and clear hair styling gel . it works great with my short hair . will order it again .
maybellinei rated this lipstick 4 stars the color i likesensation high shine lipcolor , dazzling plum ... was the right color for me the price was goodfor my budget .
lovely and functional . i will buy more as gifts . it is heavy but it has holding power . worth the wait for the shipping .
sure look like the real thing ! i don't know but they work terrific ! i will see if they last but for now i love them
tried the recipe that came with this product and was so happy with the results . worked just as promised . will definitely buy again . great value .
well gonna try it soon and if it works i will buy more as long it dosent dry up to fast so 5 star for on time delivery
i use this color for lip liner and also brow filler . looks great for both and blends easily as well
i really love this brush . it is great to use for blush on the apples of my cheeks but also to contour the hollows of my cheekbones .
i used this product just a few days and can see results improving my skin discolorations . i would recommend this product .
this does help to soften cuticals but no different then any other product . it certainly doesn't remove and dissolve like they say . bit disappointead .
not only a great finish powder , but it smells really good . i love it and will buy it again for sure .
these are real clarisonic replacements . i'm very happy with this price . arrived in clarisonic box and compared to my other brushes they are identical .
murad cleanser it a great face washing product . it really cleans your face without drying it out . it leaves your face feeling nice and soft .
bought after watching a dr . show . seems to be working . i see a difference in fine lines , hope it continues
you would not believe how good this smells ! and it doesn't have any of the bad stuff in it . hair feels great too !
i really like this polish . the color is very nice and the sandy texture is pretty cool . it is a perfect beachy polish .
this polish was too dark for my taste . gelish is rather hard to remove and i like cnd products better .
i love these earrings , they are true to the picture and look very lovely .
we've tried to stamp these designs but have had no luck . they don't come out even and it's really disappointing because they are so nice looking .
great soap and my kids love it too . you can find this in any store really but love being able to buy in bulk on amazon .
have been using colostrum for years and seldom get sick . symbiotics has imho the highest quality colostrum that i have purchased .
i use obagi products on my face and have great skin . i get lots of positive comments on my skin .
olay professional pro-x deep wrinkle is wonderful ! ! i use it every day and will continue ... you can never go wrong with olay ! !
i purchased the color mica and i love it . the lipstick feels great going on and is very moisturizing . it's a reasonable price too .
great product . rub it on your hands before you go to sleep to keep them soft.also great for dry hands or lips .
awesome tool for removal of the my shellac gel polish . perfectly angled to easily remove the polish after soaking in remover .
i love the smell of this , it is so nice and luxurious . goes on smoothly , absorbs quickly and leaves that lovely scent . highly recommend
i like this product but its way expensive for the size ! i was sure i would get a larger container ! but it does work well with the makeup
i like this soap , plus , it helps to exfoliate the ' lifeless ' skin on your body . it lathers up very nicely .
not necessary but a handy accessory for nail stamping . it holds the templte still while transferring the desgn to the stamp .
in my opinion its best one that i have had in a long time ! has great temp . settings ! highly recommend ! !
i had never seen this color before and i love it . it's perfect for spring and a very fun color to wear . i've received many compliments !
these dotting tools make perfect dots of all sizes . each end has a different size . they're easy to use , nicely made , and pretty to look at
not clumpy , never thick and the small brush lets me grab even the tiny lashes on the inner edge of my eyes without smearing . my favorite mascara .
the brush guard is a great tool for cleaning and drying your makeup brushes . the guards are great at protecting your brushes while traveling .
nothing special about it . doesn't prevent konad polishes from smearing . won't buy again . . . . . . . .
these look and work as described . they are great products for a great price . really worth it . i would buy again .
i love this color and it is very very close to the color depicted in the picture . it also apples smoothly , perfect consistency .
i love the dove soap it makes my skin soft and supple and doesn't dry out the skin either . i love that it also smells good as well .
love it ! i need a cream that provided a better coverage with moisture . use it daily under my makeup and it lasts !
love these products . they make help define my curls , just love love love devacurl ! i like the way it liquifies in your hands .
if you are looking for an orange-red color , this is the one ! ! not dry at all . gives a great natural look . recommend !
nice consisntency , use only small amount , too light mixed with darker concealer , covered , and lasted all day once it was set with powder !
i love elf products and this eyelid primer does exactly what it is supposed to do ! of you like elf products this is yet another good one
it's good but i wish it blended in my skin a little better . but it's a high quality product that has made my skin look better .
effective , but ultimately pointless . with the amount of pain i get with it , i might as well lance them . oh well .
wonderful product ! it is well worth a 10 ! love the way my hair shines . it does not leave hair greasy . hair is very soft .
leaves a protective top coat shine and i think it works best with other opi polish . love it ! will buy it again
used these tools for other artistic applications . works with nails just fine . easy to use , good weight , easy to clean .
surprisingly nice set of marblezing dot pens i was able to use them comfortably will be returning to buy more items
i got these for my granddaughter . she can't wait to use them . i didn't see anything i did not like about them .
very beautiful raspberry red , durable and classic color . gelish polish is very durable and this one is no exception ! love it !
i love these bows ! they are very pretty when it is on nails - especially on top of french tip . i recommend !
i liked the 5 layer cotton products but its not worth . i would have bought it again if it was in half price .
the shade is a little light for my skin , but other than that this product is great ! blends and applies well !
it depends how you use it but they are really nice i like it . they're so cheap but works for me
got this product and i got so excited when i opened the box . it's comfy to use , feels nice , washable and it's cute !
wonderful fragrance . very subtle and not to overwhelming so you can spray on more if needed and not freak out other people .
arrived very quickly and just as advertised . very easy to work with , and look great on the nail . these will last a while too !
this shampoo removed literally all of my brassiness in three washes . it is a must have for bleach blonde hair .
love this color . this goes on very smooth * the color shown is very accurate . not disappointed with this product . stays on at least a week .
it smells nice , like roses . after a good hot shower and scrub , i use it to close the pores on my nose .
never saw any difference at all even my family members were watching to see if it worked and they didnt see a differencedejuan neilson 280 wheeler rdgray , ga 31032
this is my daughter's favorite perfume . it's hard to find , so i always order her another bottle whenever her birthday or christmas is coming up .
i have not used them yet but i cant wait . im not much of a gold person but maybe my clients will .
gets very hot , so wearing the glove is essential . does not burn hair , though , and does the job well .
great product . i have very sensitive skin and i use this on my feet . skin is smooth and soft after use .
very large comb . wasn't the size i was expecting . does a good job of detangling . just be aware of the size before you buy .
smells great , and my long hair is easy to comb after conditioning . good lather . 4 stars because i wish it wasn't so expensive .
this product works great on hair especially when you are using hot iron . i even use just to tame the frizz after curling .
i think i got a bad batch . the stuff comes out looking green . don't know what that is about but it was a huge disappointment .
this is a great brush for dry brushing and the handle makes it easy to reach those spots and to use .
there very pretty put i only got white , black , pink , and red roses i really want some mint green rose .
i have had this brush now for about 2 yrs and i must sayit's the one i reach for all time . i would recommend this brush for sure .
this stuff is very strong and kind of scary . i accidentally spilled some on a paper plate and it completely melted it .
great stuff ; have been using no-poo for 3 years and low-poo gets my hair and scalp really clean ... apparently my hair needs some poo !
i bought this for my sister along with a white konad nail polish and one konad stamping nail art image plate for her birthday and she loved it .
this is great . it can remove the make-up quickly and completely . i used this product many times before and never disappointed me .
smells basic wouldn't recommend . i thought it was gonna smell great but wasn't too happy with this bar . doesn't smell bad just not for me .
i prefer the lavender soap but wanted to try orange too . it's very fresh . def try lavender if you haven't .
really works on my fine hair . detangles after shampooing and ads some body . i can't go without it ! i love it .
i love them they are the brush i use to write on nails and they are eazy to clean super wow
this is darker then shown but it's opi so will keep it . it is a pretty color . delivery was fast and i appreciate that .
it smells great and cleans great - honeysuckle is wonderful and i will buy it again and again and again .
great plates ! i love all the different images and everything i've tried so far has worked great . no complaints whatsoever !
smells nice , and feels good in your hair . it may be a bit heavy for fine hair - so i alternate using this & my light moroccanoil .
this is a good start for the gelish manicures . prepares nails for the foundation coat , and then the remainder of the process .
i thought this was a more ultra violet purple , but still a pretty lipstick ! i definitely would recommend it yes , i would lol
got it for stretch marks . helped a little but stopped working after a certain point . makes my skin soft though !
works very well-like it allot-what the heck is the deal - you have a lot of nerve telling me i have to write a certain number of words
nice to have my favorite creams shipped to my house and i don't have to go out . will continue to use this service
daliy wash need it . price is super cheap . but i'm not sure it does good job or not . won't buy it again
this brush is very soft and full , and i haven't had an issue with it shedding yet . good as an all-over face brush .
i have used neutrogena alcohol-free toner for quite a while . it doesn't dry your skin out and is very refreshing to your face .
i love this product - along with the shampoo & conditioner . i have wiry hair and this product is a godsend for it . highly recommend .
perfect brush for what it's utilized for & the price point . will buy again when i need new brushes . ...
this has got to be one of my favorite bare minerals products ! it covers instantly and matches my skin tone perfectly ! highly recommend !
i use this everyday in my skin , face , hair , everywhere ! it's so moisturizing and gives my skin a healthy glow . i recommend it
arrived on time , full container , packaged neatly . works well and comes out clear . great for the price and would definitaley purchase again
i have thin long fine hair and the brush works great for not only teasing but just regular brushing as well . leaves hair shiny and no flyaways .
these colors are so pretty , you have so many different looks you can create with this kit ... they blend so well ...
i have used revlon colorstay foundation for years and i have always been happy with it . it stays on and gives great coverage .
great for 3d nail art ! . nice addition to my supplies . nice for special occasion . . . . . . .
i have been using this stuff for years . burt's bees rock ... they offer a lot of good for you items ..
got this for the grand daughter and she is loving it , just learning the art .
i own a ton of pinks but this one is my favorite . it's so bright but still manages not to be obnoxious .
the mascara is very pretty but it smudges very easily . i feel like i was constantly wiping eyes . but it does look beautiful on the lashes !
it doesn't go with everything like i thought it would . i still like it though . it is very easy to put in and take out .
bought to use with my pmd device and they worked fine . i like the medium strength better than the red strong value .
the scent is spicy and seductive ; i love it . i like the size of the bottle ; this should last a long time .
easy to use and lightens my hair subtley . probably wouldn't recommend if you are not a natural blonde as it lightens quite well .
this is a nice set with a good variety of brushes for all your needs . the quality seems good especially for the price .
only been using for a couple weeks now , but the color is true to picture and it lasts all day !
i did not like thses . the shapes were off and the sizes were unmatched . it was uneven and unrealistic . painful
we've used this forever & it never fails to disappoint . the lotion works very well for both our dry skins .
great colorful palette . take an advantage to have one palette for every single occasion . you will not regret it . must have :)
not too thick but medium , quick absorption , yellow color , huge size , pricey though , australian product non-local , paula's choice rates this average
so far it seems to be doing its job . received it on time . hope it continues to work as it is promised .
quic delivery ! awesome collection of rhinestones , they are shiny and have a flat back to them so they sit on your nails nicely .
i really like this eye cream . i think it has been effective at reducing my crows feet and a little bit goes a long way .
my daughter purchased this with some of her birthday money and she absolutely loves it ! she loves making designs on her nails with these .
i've been using this for a few weeks .. and yet it doesnt show any improvement .. i am kind of disappointed of this product ..
great product to use on natural hair . i use it on my hair after shampooing it to detangle my hair . works wonders on burns as well .
i have been using this serum for a couple weeks now . leaves my skin supple , smooth and appears brighter . no need for additional moisturizer .
if your looking for baby pink you've found it ! perfect color , consistency and opi is one of the best nail polish brands there are
this is a great basic set of nail files , one side is nice and rough and the other is better for smoothing .
this is wide and comfortable . i like the color and the pattern . the price was reasonable . i would certainly buy this again .
i love peacocks and this is so pretty i want to wear it almost everyday , lots of compliments from others , i tell them where to look .
these are exactly what you need if you want to do your own nail designs ! very good bang for your buck !
use with nu face and does not irritate like some other brands . my mom swears by this stuff to tighten her face
it is like spa treatment at home . don't forget to wrap up and relax in a warm towel and / or robe after the soak .
easy to use and feels great on my skin . love the fragrance as well . easy to follow directions that give you step by step use .
how did i ever do my makeup without this before ? i love it . great coverage ... can mix up the colors to get an exact match .
i like this brush for the gel chem peel i just bought . goes on smooth . great price for a chem peel brush .
super for the price . stay on great ( using nail glue of course ) and pretty good variety of colors . i recommend
we have used batiste dry shempoo for three years and we don't change this brand . it's the best and sometimes four differents are our birthday's gifts .
i must have this oil treatment ! my hair feels luscious and it smells wonderful . no more dry ends ! wonderful product ! !
this color is cute , it's the slightest light pink-white , is opaque , and great for an understated summer mani . baby pink .
love this angled brush ... perfect for applying concealer to the dark undereye circles and great for getting into the inner corners of eyes !
i love the brushes they worked great and i like how there are different sizes as that's exactly what i needed .
nice little product , that i use on clients to keep their eyeshadow in place ! it sinks right into the skin , and works nicely !
by far the best castor oil product ive bought in a long time ! quality vs price is great ! thank you for such a great product !
absolutely the most beautiful holographic nail polish i've ever used ! the color you see in the bottle is exactly the color you get on your nails !
i bought this for myself and my daughter to use , we love it and can't wait to experiment with it a little ! !
i got this product for my girlfriend and she uses it in the morning after waking up with a bit of puffiness around her eyes and it really works .
perfect for exfoliating which is just what i purchased it for . very affordable and does the job . fits my hand very well and is easy to use .
this has product has my face looking so dewy and young . it has my skin so soft.it is worth buying for your skin .
son's say it helps keep them clear of acne . they asked for me to order more bottles please . can't complain .
i love the color . it is bright and cheery . great for summer ! ! i love cnd products . i ordered a bunch of colors .
this product has been around for a long , long time and has proven its worth many times over . never found one i liked better .
could've been a little wider , but nicely made and the quality of the fleece was good . great for machine embroidery
good product , the brush are soft as i expected and as i like.buen producto , las brochas son suaves como lo esperaba y tal como me gustan
the smell is toooo strong but for the price its great . i would buy next time a low odor product next time ,
doesn't blend well on skin . brushes were hard amd hurt my face . they were cheaply made . i will never buy this makeup again .
these are very cute however very long ! i had to trim them alil to blend better with my own lashes but thats ok .
having a large variety of lip liners really come in handy . what's more important is that the price was very reasonable .
this case is so perfect . it holds all of my nail stamping plates and helps to keep them well organized .
this is an inexpensive styler that works great . i have long very wavy hair and it smoothed it out nicely without it being to straight . great product !
this is terrible mascara ... all it did for me was flake off and make me look like a raccoon , even with base under my eye makup !
i've had amazing results using the acne.org regimen ! no more horrible cystic acne scarring up my face , my skin is finally beautiful !
it really does work with minimum hair getting pulled . mines doesn't have a weird smell . i think i like it
very nice crystals i look forward to using them for all the things i have planned ! would definitely recommend to anyone ! hope this helps
this leaves my face chalky no matter how little i use . will stick to using nyx photo ready primer in the future
wen products are the best i have ever used , it has been about 4 years that i have been using wen cleansing conditioners and i am totally satisfied .
this product smells soo good . my hair felt soo soft and clean . my hair feels soo much stronger and healthier .
for the price not bad at all . they are small the size of crayons and do not last very long you will have to reapply .
very delicate bristles with perfect texture and density . im so glad i have this brush . it will change your lower lid game . also arrived very fast .
great quality ! i have bought many different now products and haven't been disappointed yet . the bergamot oil is no exception .
it works great for my curly hair . very moisturizing and smoothing . i highly recommend for all types of hair .
nyx matte lipstick , nude is very good . and the color is fantastic . loved it ! is my favorite . i recommend to everyone .
i did a comparison between this an the insta dry brand and insta dry chipped after one day this lasted almost 3 days .
this is one of my favorite moisturizers . it provides good sun protection and daily use . it is not too greasy .
the brushes are high in quality but not the brush holders . i mostly use the powder brush and the concealer brush
they work great and theres plenty to go around . i wont have to repurchase this product but if i were to this is the one i would purchase .
great product . white is nice and bright . seemed a little thicker than usual but worked great and cured in 2 minutes with 32 watt uv light
i ordered the castor and avocado oil to add to my shea butter mix . i was not disappointed all . love it .
great tingle good color smells good going on has a slight after tan odor its pretty hot i recommend u have a good base tan before use
it just feels like a regular base coat to me . the polish didn't last any longer than regular base coats but it had very little smell .
i've wanted to try this product for a while . i followed the instructions and applied the makeup , it looked really powdery on my face .
hellothis was an organized way to put in all the colorsit was a great casual way to do so96 colors are a lot !
i haven't been too impressed . it's too waxy for my face , and the color is way too pink . i won't repurchase ...
i love this stuff ! it makes my dry , curly , color processed hair so soft and manageable . well worth the price !
this is a really nice mascara that defines the lashes and doesn't clump . ( at least i have not had that problem ) !
i wouldn't repurchase because i'm not convinced this did anything other than make my usually dry skin oily.there are better bb creams out there with clearing properties .
returned . not sure if it is defective or just awful . no blowing power . didn't get hair dry .
i got what i expected so i'm happy with this product . there are lots of choices so , shop around for the best price and quality .
you can really smell the rose in this rose water . i bought it to use with the frownies patches and it works well with them .
i am a 38 year old male with thining hair , this procuct has helped with the dry scalp and keeps what hair i have left soft .
this stuff is only fair . does not plump the lashes like other brands i have tried . disappointed . will not buy again or recommend .
i would buy again smelll good for price it was gift good smelling perfume buy it love it to wear every day
in the picture on the front it looks like it goes on perfectly . but it doesnt . it fades out and make ur hair really snarly
easy to carry and use . good quality makes my makeup looks greater than before . this is the second time i bought this item .
the smell is not unpleasant , just too strong . i do like what it does to my skin , but i won't be buying this again
i already order skin obsession glycolic acid peel 70 % will be finished using after then i another next order which 40 % - 88 % lactic acid peel .
got to my home in no time ! product work well but can leave the hair a little stiff ... but it strengthens hair
the professional 4 pcs gold eye brushes are great for blending out that eye shadow . they are soft , and made well . want another set already . :)
this is probably my all time favortie leave in conditioner . the smell is not so strong and once i apply it , i get instant results .
this is a very nice facial cleanser . nice moisturizing feel on skin , but did not completely remove mascara . i'll keep looking .
like this color , but i don't love it . if you're looking for a good red like this i would recomend opi skyfall from the skyfall collection .
these are pretty pearly colored and really small.you get alot.the containers are also nice and reusable.great value considering for the price .
this polish is a great product so far . no chipping ! ! dries super fast ! ! funky cool color . gold n blue hues .
this is my nightly face cream - goes on smooth , never irritating ( to my dry & sensitive skin ) , and it moisturizes beautifully !
this dries my hair in half the time of my old dryer and leaves it soft and silky smooth ! buy this !
this eye cream is my favorite of all i have tried . smooths out wrinkles and feels moist , smooth and comfortable .
this brush is a miracle brush . it controls the most wild and knotted hair no problem . anyone with long thick unruly hair should give it a go .
i have looked for a dry shampoo that works well with brunette hair and have finally found it . it also smells really good !
this is the best shea butter ever , it's soft and it has a nice cocoa smell to it .
whether it's to the whole nail or a mock french manicure i really like this product to change it up !
is as described . love the nice clean scent and fresh yumminess ... it arrived as promised . would order again . + + + thank you !
easy to use , great magnetic hold , a must have for long hair needs . i highly recommend for women who need large rollers for long hair .
far too , soft for my tastes . too soft = not suitable for the job that lipliner is supposed to do . very bubble gum , shimmery pink .
this would especially be good for winter months when it's cold and windy because it's a little heavier . love the smell of it !
it looks really cute ~ but a little bit hard to apply and the color is too transparent so that it doesnt cover really well
love the smell and my hair has definitely been felt healthier since i have incorporated all gk products into my regimen .
i love this shampoo which definitely had a shiny impact on my hair . it's very mild and smells delicious . i will definitely buy this shampoo again .
i am a 4c natural . i like this product . it silky , moisturizes , smooth and smells great . i would definitely recommend this product .
i bought this to give as a christmas present & ended up keeping it . it's wonderful . smells so nice . very relaxing .
i love this brand and am always pleased with the products . this was exactly what i was looking for and it works great !
beautiful colors . good for winter or summer manicures . enough different colors , they would have no problem finding a polish to accsentuate !
this is nice , almost a little lemon vanilla after note . the price was unbeatable after researching and wanting this for the last year .
such great colors , and the pearl pigments are great .. i love this set .. totally worth it . helped me make my rainbow eyes for edc ! !
the fact that it does not lather is hard to get used to , but the hair washes nicely and does not over dry like regular shampoos .
i really like this round brush ! my hair is short , thin , and fragile and the brush does not tangle or cause static .
i use this serum daily followed by a rose water spray toner and wow my skin glows like the skin of my youth !
the price on these cant be beat , and they do exactly what they are supposed to . very handy to have in my nail art stash !
i just need acne treatment and this was large so i bought it.pumping make it easier ... and i like that .
save yourself a lot of money and buy this suave conditioner . i assure you that it works just as well as aveda .
was fast to get and was just like the picture in the default and also does the job very well
have been using for several years and love it . i get a lot of complements on my skin and i attribute to this product .
this is a good buy for the price very small pieces great for nails and decorating other items would recommend
it looks great on . but if u have scars from pimples it wont covor that so make sure u use concealer with it
perhaps it's better to use this in the colder months , as it is quite heavy and has a somewhat greasy feel to it .
all the colors were amazing , i love it . i pull this wheel out almost every time i do nails now . well worth the price .
i feel this product worked well moisturizing my scalp and keeping it from becoming so dry when i needed it to .
this product is awesome for hot weather . it keeps you cool on hot days and leave a flawless finish . highly recommend this purchase .
i get very dry hands in the winter . i am proud to say that just a small dab of this lasts all day . yay for moist hands !
i've never use this serum before . but i'd said it does a good job . i used it for my eyes , see . i'm 20 years younger now
this has to be the ugliest nail polish i have ever seen . i thought it had a silver background but it is an ugly grey . i
doesn't really make you look like you have fake lashes , but i still love the mascara . the waterproof holds very well in water
cannot make a thin line its not waterproof and its basicly full of water not a great product at all
been using this product for over 7 years its my secret weapon in fighting discoloration , and acne marks it evens and beautifies my skin tone
for concealer i bought this . was good and use it everyday under my eyes , nose and cheeks ... think that bought again round type ..
my dad loves this stuff . he works outside so it works well . i got it for him for christmas . 2 pack is a good deal .
this is a very nice fragrance . i use this to make my own cleaning products for my hose cleaning business .
blush pack fit my brushes nicely , keeps dust and dirt out of the bristles and keeps the shape of my brushes .
so far so good . this base coat doesnt stain my nails like sally does . i'm not sure if it makes my nail color last longer though .
this was really nice . i received 0 duplicates and none of the colors had spilled . fantastic !
this is a good clean sent for guys who just want something that's not overpowering to wear to work . i love it and i'm a cologne fanatic .
i choose this rating because these dotting tools are awesome . i would recommend this product to anybody . love this product
i liked it . it avoided clumping but after a while the insert to remove extra mascara came off and was a rather goopy mess .
and i always use a net to make the bubble to wash my face . no color , no fragrance , non-drying feeling
nothing special about this shampoo or it's conditioner . may or may not purchase again . probably better priced products than this that would do the same job .
my daughter is at the age when you don't know what to get her but this purchase right here was perfect for her
love this ! it works to get a perfect donut bun . heard about it from bebexo on youtube . she does a lot of cool hair designs .
my daughter loves this mascara she has great success with it and it is a reasonable price to and that's what i love .
ralph lauren is my favorite brand of perfume ! this is my second bottle already , and it is a great perfume with a not pricey price ! :)
great product , work in my hair leave very soft and shine and not damageafter use coloring creme , come on time
this is a must have if your going to use stencils on your nails ! ! it is so easy to use and the clean up is even easier !
gorgeous colours :) great every day make up . :) cannot blend with the brushes given though.great for every skin tone .
i've been using this product for about a year and a half . works great . my hairdresser says my h air really is thicker . yaaay !
i love this product . didn't cost a ton of money . the results are great . my skin is so soft and clean i love it .
this powder is amazing . it pulls my skin tight and makes my pores disappear . i use it 2 to 3 times a week .
i bought a series of these for many weeks . they do not show any change . don't waste your money . you will be disappointed .
love this little dish ! it's small , portable , and practical for what i use it for . great price and great usage i get out of it .
these work as described . i use them before ceramic nail polish . they work to get the nails clean and oil free .
this arrived packaged correctly . i had none of the problems mentioned by others . i think it works great with the flat iron .
i love it , it's easy works great on my hair . love everything about it . never going to go anywhere else .
i love this lotion ! first off it smells great ! second it works to moisturize without leaving a greasy feeling . good stuff !
great quality , i'm just an impatient person and prefer to use the f80 to do my makeup because this one's so small
i've used other products since and been disappointed . this product actually made a visible difference in my lashes and my eyebrows !
i use these every night to remove my eye make up . theydo the trick and are safe for any eye allergy you may have .
hands down , this buffer is better than any other i have ever used . i have ordered a lot more so i won't run out .
it smells good , it works very well on my dry frizzy hair , and it is a good price for a natural product .
i think this tool is almost useless . it doesn't work as well as fingernails and is actually more painful to use .
i can't stand the smell of this product . it smells like rotting flower perfume . i only used it once and threw it away . disgusting
good deal for all of the colors , they work well with the right glue , and i love all of the colors .
these are nice brushes . great pouch to put it in . great to use and lots of brushes to choose from . great for someone starting out .
i really like how they look and are very easy to apply . i would order from this guy again in the future .
this is really a waste of money ! it has no power and is pretty useless . i'll be looking for a higher quality item elsewhere .
it's good for nail art however unless you have good nail glue / top coat they might fall off but i didn't have the problem .
mild pleasant skin fresher-upper . and it seems gentle enough for the under-eye area . i didn't notice any therapeutic effects , however .
best conditioner for my fine hair . works great as a deep conditioning mask . leaves hair shiny , full of body , beautiful .
this product works great . i've been using mineral powder for a while now and this holds up my makeup longer and makes my face smoother . love it !
it moisten my hair without stripping out the natural oils and it really cleanse the hair .
this tool really helps with tightening your facial muscles and your chin definition . devote 2 minutes to yourself every day and you will see the difference !
i do my own nails and these tools help alot with different designs that i do--also bought a set for my sister and she loves them also
this is great to add some hold to curly hair , but not as strong as a hairspray . it also smells amazing !
the satin edge is great , it really does work without scratching the nails , and its very cheap . no complaints here .
it's not a miracle cure , but it does work--much to my suprise . my hair looks thicker and is not quite as limp .
love the color . perfect color for fall / winter . do not need to put 3 or 4 coats to make it visible on your nails .
i love these ! ! i get to be extra creative with my manicures every week ! ! ! this lasts a long time too . :)
goes on smooth like a dream . really shows it self off . very lovely color too . and can see myself using this color any season .
easy to use , works great for nail art and dries fast . this is a great compliment to the other nail products .
that was a love from first sight then i use them on my hair . last for a long time . will buy again .
this handsoap not only works well but smells yummy ! it does not dry my hands out ... love it !
terrific daily moisturizer with sunscreen . i found it to be a cheaper , and equally good , alternative to eminence's tropical vanilla moisturizer .
i like this product but i don't love it . i can't really tell the difference when i use them but i do use them weekly .
great stuff . goes on well , isnt greasey . smells good and isnt strong . last but not least this product tans you very well .
i like the smell of this after it is on a while it gets better with time , it reminds me of the ocean or the beach .
it's a very sheer color must use 2 coats good if u like light colors add some glitter looks okay not bad at all
this is a gentle cleanser & i have oily skin - even at 51 yrs old ! the obagi system leaves my skin smoother and brighter
i am in love with the fall seasons and colors and this palette goes so perfectly with my fall styles and looks ! very great product !
have used this for years get it and give it as gifts . clean and does a good job if removing eye make up evan water proof mascara
when you need to clean up that excess polish from your cuticles and fingers this thing is the best ! i just need more tips ! lol
this arrived and the colors were much darker than they looked online ... glad it didn't cost an arm and a leg !
came a little earlier then expected . love them so much ! a good size range and now i can make all these cute designs .
my hair has been looking better after a couple weeks of use ... don't know if it's this or something else , but this sure isn't hurting .
it smells sooooo good . i used it like 2 or 3 times only and i am mostly satisfied with it .
i haven't used them yet , but it's hello kitty so i already love it ! i will try to update my review once i try it out .
these are really nice i haven't used them yet but they're the same quality that they use at the nail salon and i love how they look
this oil is truly an essential oil for skin . i love the smell , and how quickly it works to repair damaged skin .
i love this bonnet sleep cap ! it does not come off ! and it is not too tight . it is very comfortable !
this product has been really suitable for my skin type . it helps me look brighter when used it for one week staright
excellent ! ! the price is so good and this brush is so soft and multitask . i use it for powder , bronzer , blush , highlither ..
always great to be able to try new products . i got this for my husband and he really likes it .
these dotting tolls have multiple sizes which is great for nail art and designs . i use this tool all the time .
what a pretty color looks just like the picture had my toe nails painted and love it ! will be great around christmas also
i really like this cream - i have noticed some difinite change in my upper thighs - looking forward to more results with continued use !
came on time great price good for all kinds of stuff nail , crafts , well made lots of both colors .
great item at a great price . not much else to say on the matter . works well , and no complaints . i recommend .
i use this after the deva curl condition one and it helps my curls revitalize and look really really great .
using orly fx and this was recommended by a spa director friend . nice almond scent , absorbs well and does condition cuticles well . recommend
use daily and love it ! i am a philosophy woman and will be for life ! i love all your products .
a large size for family use with very little spf protection .. still , it worked on my already tanned arms and legs .
my husband loves this colonge not to strong and smells fresh hes a waiter at the hyatt and people always say he smells great !
a gorgeous blue holo that never gets old . you'll catch yourself staring at your nails throughout the day with this beauty on .
i add it to my growth aid mix and daily moisturizer and i love the tingle it gives . i haven't had to scratch my scalp lately .
we used this as the alternative to the yardley soap . this is much more budget friendly and smells just as good ! love the smell of lavendar !
i do not like musk's or heavy patchouli smells . wind song is a fresh , clean , out of the shower , powder smell . very feminine .
i love tresemme products and they tend to be very inexpensive and even more when they go on sale . awesome !
i didnt put it under water the first time and i hated it . now i love it after wetting the sponge .
bought this for my husband as it is my favorite scent on him and at such an affordable price ! ! i will definitely by again !
i like this tool , good for cuticles and the little side is good for taking guck out the corner of your toenails ... yummy ! ! !
suave conditioner works like it should - conditions hair and rinses out cleanly with no residue . it's also priced reasonably , so it's a winner in our household .
mascara was nothing fantastic . it constantly flaked . what was left at the end of the day did easily and effortlessly wash away .
great light , great mirror . i love it.gives the room so much bright light , and it's really nice looking on my face
this was a great idea . it works so great , it heats up quick , and straightens quickly , and dosent burn my hair !
dude the local stores i go to charge 9-13 bucks for these . i am so glad i found these online
great for lighter skinned tones ! blends very easily , and does last quite awhile . looks slightly pinker in person though . still beautiful though !
great product , arrived as schedule and it holds good , lost of clips for such a low price ! you cant go wrong
this flat iron is nice for me because it curves at the ends and looks better for my hair style .
not much to say other than its constructed nicely and it works ! shipping was timely and professionally packaged
beautiful shine , great over polish or alone , definitely enhances the color or the nail and shines for days . worth every penny as anyone who loves opi knows
so much fun ! lots of usable designs . great quality ! great deal . really pleased with this purchase ! easy to be creative with this package !
im learning how too do nails it's just the right tools thanks so much ! ! ! god bless ! ! ! just what you need too get started .
this product deserves 5 stars ! it curls my hair perfectly and you can set the temperature of heat that you want.it gives nice curls =]
the rinse worked well in most parts of my hair except for the temples . the grey hairs did not cover well .
i always buy tresemme flawless curls collection . i use the conditioner as a leave in to help style my hair and keep the curls in place .
you really need to use the bond if you are doing your get nails at home . don't skip this step if you want them to stay on .
love this stuff . i use it in my mist bottle for my hair spray . a couple drops goes a long way and the orange smell is awesome !
my all time fav for shine , hands down ! just don't use too much or hair will look greasy . love it !
it's just okay . i usually love elf products but there is better powder out there . it works fine just not as flawless as other powders .
i wanted more of a tough scrubber then a soft sponge and this wasn't it . it didn't really do what i thougth it did .
nothing wrong with the curler . it is definitely suited better with long hair compared to medium or short hair since this is 1 " .
