the irreverent , multi-talented musician reinvents herself yet again with this fabulous collection of sound . lady madonna doesn't get older - she just gets better !
this was a free song and after listen it to a few times , i would say the they are alright .
this is a great lively album with a few slow songs , but mostly it makes you want to get up and dance .
a good song for what it is , nice fast beat and nice singer . very electro sounding . i like it for what it is .
good song at first , but once you hear over and over it is nothing more than aggravating . amazon had the best price , kids wanted it .
shes just getting better and better like a fine winei am very please with her efforts on her second cdshe rocks damn it
i bought this because of the newer album which i heard first . all good ! check it out if you want something to relax to .
the best set of songs and most hardrocking set by the moodies . good album.they tried to get away from overdubbing here so they could do it live .
the case was pretty warn , yes . that didn't really matter to me , much . played perfectly , no skips or scratches . overall pretty great .
terrible album , not a real disaster like tony yayo's album , but still only 3 or 4 enjoyable tracks on this whole album . thumbs down !
i been looking for this cd for a long time , very hard cd to find and glad i found it .
if you liked the beastie boys growing up or have never listened , this is the album to get ! trust me
it is a nice rendition of the song but nothing to write home about . i wouldn't care to hear any more of their music .
ciool cd ti is one of the current southern rappers i'm feeling these days he's cool album is interesting and semi hardcore .
honestly , who doesn't love a good party ? this song is a must play for any function that will have dancing .
the album itself is ok but could have been better like saber tooth tiger however it is wiity enough to grab my attention thank god yoko isnt on it !
i love this song ! miley is a little wild but the girl is talented . i love the lyrics and how the song sounds .
buy it - - juvenile is one of the best rappers - - - try 400 degreez as well .
justin's back great song & artist . songs very catchy . & & great calabo with jayz . there is a sense of class in this song
this song is cute . i can't listen to it all the time because it gets stuck in my head but the quality is good and it is fun
i enjoy listening to this album ... stan is probably my favorite track ... i like when he goes internally deep and actually dissects real emotions ...
if you love bruno mars , you will absolutely love this song ! it is one of the very best he has ever done !
had this one recommended years ago by a friend . i purchased it and loved it . i think it's one of his best albums .
i remember having to go to flea market to get this tap ( straight underground records ) but it was worth it .
to the macklemore more party but i love this song ! i play it over and over and over and over again . there's nothing out there like it .
easy to learn for the children's choir . inspiration praise and worship song , highly recommend this for anyone looking for music in this genre .
i love this group . i recommend this to your music library . i cannot wait until the next one comes out .
this is a great song with a catchy beat . it's one you will probably want to play several times . sounds a little like beach boys.try it .
love this song and amazon rocks for offering single downloads for a dollar but they make a lot of money why couldnt it be like 50 cents really amazon
this is a beautiful cd . mary delivers again with these feel good songs . i love it .
this artist has an amazing voice i'm fan of her and she has other songs which i must say are great
katy you have done it again . i love her songs and think that most people can relate to what she's saying ...
he gets a 3 because the beats are on point ... thats about it ... his lyrics suck but like a leech .
it began by looking for pieces of music to walk to and i found it with this song . lots of fun .
i really like this it was in the limited red vinyl , plays reallly good.great songs like mirrior on the wall and president carter
smooth rich and creamy in the delivery . relaxing with tempo and a bit of tantrum .
the self titled album from traffic is a great album and ranks amongst the finest albums off all time.highly recommended .
this is a great album but i still think the band messed up by not having ann b . davis on the cover wearing chains .
i never purchase this song i don't if no who this person i don't like listen to this type of music .
this song has awesome lyrics and the instrumentation is interesting and dynamic . the singer's voice is pretty nice too . overall it's really quite good .
she did her thing ... there are many hot tracks on this album ... lions , tigers , & bears is extremely unique ... need u bad is sensational
alan parson's at his finest ! this is a classic album by one of the best producers and arrangers in the music business
all i want for christmas is you is one of my favorite christmas songs of all time , no matter how many times i hear it .
danced to this song during zumba classes in my area . great song to dance to because it is so energetic .
a hot bath . some scented candles . and thou ! and i am in heaven !
nastradamus is another album of nas ' released during the bling era . it is not him at his strongest , but still a must have ! ! !
it was nice to have all his songs and the ones he worked on with others ..
what are you guys talkin about this album is pretty cool i like about 8 songs on it so its ok
what a flashback their music stood the test of time and became classic's i really like abba and not ashamed to say it out loud ...
how many times do i have to say they are simply the greatest . i love michael & his brothers together .
fsf is awesome and if you liked showoff check out chris from showoffs new band farewell my enemy at [ ... ] they are really f'n awesome.tom
schools out is such a great song im young so most ppl think that i wouldnt like it but i do its cool
my child chose this first did notstop til we got it.clear and excellent voice quality ! we love it !
jay-z resonable doubt can't be compared 2 nas's illmatic . illmatic is better than resonable doubt . jay-z is a fake a * * thug n a comercial rappa .
this is jada's best album out of his trio . it seems more polished than the rest , maybe he had better instruction with jay rather than diddy
ghostdeini showed his a $ $ with this album . nice solid production , good guest appearances , and dope lyrics . you won't be disappointed with this purchase .
this songs is cool i love it great song to related to awesome to listen with your mp3 players .
this is an excellent , timeless cd and timeless music . men at work had some very talented performers and musicians . i would highly recommend this cd !
swedish duo that i heard on the radio . it gets you up and going with itspulsing track and addictive hook . buy this song !
from begining to end excellent cd ... good job lyfe ... yo son prople need to stop sleeping on you yo , best cd to date .
come on now this is boy george here culture club this is a must have this cd brings back a lot of good memories .
this song is really nice & smooth . i mean everyone in my home likes it . good job justin timberlake and jay-z , nice rap .
i want familiar with gnarls barkley before ceelo was on the voice and did this song , but i purchased it and added it to my dance playlist .
love it ... i cant get enuff if it ... rose royce , music legends ! ! ! they dont hv bands like ths no mo ' .
just lovely . the copy is perfect . sweet song . you and yours will love this forever . enjoy and have a blessed christmas
i love i say 7 of the songs . a couple snoozers but i think its up there with his best.love the punk sound on this album
great cd . if you like delta blues you can't go wrong buying this cd . son house is a classic and always good to have in your collection .
it's a shame they have ringo starr narrating this as he totally ruins it . does anyone know where can i get the original vesion without ringo ?
this album is a classic . omg the 90 ' s were just full of hip hop classics . mobb deep kills it on this record .
my kids love this song and that is why i downloaded it . they are very happy with the purchase . yay !
nice balance between new jack swing r & b and hip hop and dooo wopp like vocals . a big help at the time and was generally acceptable anywhere .
btnhresurrection is full of feel good tracks , it's one of my favorite bone thugs albums , but overall it's average .
the best double cd there is smooth beats and stuff u can sit back and smoke and drink to no filler songs jus good cd .
another superb album by herb alpert and the tijuana brass . their music is so happy and full of fun . love them .
an elvis great ! cyndi lauper does a great job of making it her own . love listening to it for the holidays .
this was a great lp and now a great remastered cd . the sound is great and so is all the artwork and such ... bob
a magic album , rufus wainwright is one of my favorite composers and singers . his voice is unique , and his performances are stunning .
dj quik is an underrated west coast emcee . balance & options is feel good music , but average at most .
not his best album but some good material here . i recommend this to all classic rock fans . we love u jimi !
i have always like this group and specifically several songs that point to the ominous times we live in today in the united states .
what a great album . she is a great singer with a great voice . if you like belinda you will love this album !
the doc should be called o . m . g . ( one man gang ) ... classic album period . no more said ...
i am a fan of this singer and was lucky to find this song as one of the discounted songs at one time
love this song , it's what every woman wants to hear from a man she's no longer with ! love bruno mars
dang this album is so good no joke . its one of his best i can honestly say its as good as his old stuff .
this is the live version of many of the classic , " the band " songs . they even have bob dylan join them for a few .
not a fan of ke $ ha , but am a huge fan of pitbull . i have to admit , i love this song ! ! !
terror spuad is terroring up the charts with lean back , streets of ny and bring ' em back . it gets 4 out of 5 .
always loved this lp and wanted the cd for my collection that is all classic recording . steely dan excellent artists .
all the classic hits tell me something good , sweet thing , do you love what you feel , and others are on this album
this is such a great song ! when i heard this song i immediately liked it . like the band anyway , but this song just sings to me !
i enjoy hearing celtic music . i was interested to see how the women would sing christmas songs . good as expected . recommend to family and friends .
come on people , she's not that great ... give other new women a chance and let her go ... she's no stevie wonder so stop pretending
love this band . they are simply fun , and smart . i may be their political opposite , but i love this band ! ! !
tried this out as part of a sampling of recommended new music . a few good tracks , but nothing to get too excited over .
this is one of the best wings cd's to get . the song are great and it just flows , a must get cd .
also recommended by a friend and i really liked my first cd , so i purchased another one . she has a unique style and sound .
great return to their former glory ! get some pumkins and smash them into your head holes !
not exactly .. at all what i wanted to hear . guess i should pay closer attention to what's offered as free huh ?
i got this in vinyl when it was first produced . joan armatrading is a timeless classic . i promise if you buy this you will like it .
this is a cute little song that has a fun beat and i enjoy it as an add to my workout playlist .
most of the songs are quite catchy although i would not consider them as a rock act ( i've read that somewhere ) .
more new wave sounding , more synths , more melodic , sexy - their best album yet , beating the second album by miles .
not much to say about this classic but to say it's still as good as ever , albeit in a nostalgic way .
this band is really good . also recommended by a friend and i like their music , lyrics , sound , beat , and style .
i think this was a great song . i recommend it to everyone for next year's christmas song list . merry christmas !
trash , and irrated plus the good albums ya'll give them 0 ' s.so now i'ma let the world know .
this album really is a masterpiece . it has so much depth to it you've got to give it multiple listens .
i love tupac man ! ! best rapper ever ... no other will ever replace him .. do yourself a favour and buy this bomb cd now ! ! !
this is an amazing powerful vocal wether you watch the movie or not you will still love to her this girl sing .
d'angelo would be so awesome if he would wear clothes in his video . the album is awesome though !
another good gentle giant album . not the best , but certainly if you like their other work this is worth the dollars to buy
this is a great album i listen to this when it first came out its hot if you don't got it get it .
wc is one of the best out of the west , but the shadiest one is and average album .
i have every album beth hart has done , and when / if she comes out with a new one ... i'll buy it too ! !
wasn't much of a chris brown fan to begin with , but i fell in love with the video and the song is very catchy .
rocko's best cd ever . he is my favorite rapper he killed it 4real . if u don't have this cd then go get it know ! ! !
great songs and brought back good memories from my college days . arrived promptly and in excellent condition !
easy to understand and listen to . i enjoyed their arrangement . i would like to listen to more of their music before referring anyone else .
loved this song before they started playing it 50 million times on the radio everyday . hope that this artist produces more great music in this vein .
i really like this song . that's why i bought it . chances are , you like it too ( if you are reading this ) .
this album brings back nice memories for me and it is always a pleasure to hear it . great re-issue .
awesome song , don't really care for adele but she did very well on this song , enough tht i bought it
this band blows and so does this album , the only half way good song is ' my way '
i cant find one good song on the whole thing , just ignore this record because it's wack.get me against the world though .
a must have for any holiday play list . this song takes a classic and gives it a acoustic feel to it .
as other people have noticed , this item is no longer copy protected . i still strongly recommend it .
very stratified with the item . good album from start to finish . quality production and hot tracks . bsb brought back the boyband fad with this one .
good band with those bass sounding vocals , own about 4 of their albums , definetly have their own sound , a solid effort
i love this whole album , some nice slow songs as well as some get angry tunes , the whole album is good
this was better than some that i listened to . was upbeat and you could understand it . liked the rythym of the music .
easy to hear and sounds good . i love it that i can only down load one song . thanks :-) sweet
this cd is the best cd in my rap collection and i got over 40 cds and im not even a big 2pac fan.enough said
i am a big fan of horrorcore . this albume is tight . i would also recomend tech n9ne if u like icp
i did not think too highly of this one , i am not too keen on slow music . good listening though .
aretha is still the queen . this cd is the bomb and she still got it . nuff said .
cute catchy song and lyrics . didn't like it at first but it got stuck in my head and now i'm a fan
not too much i can say except this will always be in my collection of her music . great lyrics . wonderful !
one of the most influential records on my life . one that stays in the mind and consciousness for years
hot , hot , hot ! 50 cent has competion from a second member of g-unit as the best member of the clique .
this debut is awesome , this is one of the best cds in the world , so awesome , this is a must have cd
i like the music but the lyrics are not so good . i wonder why they make this kind of stuff !
just a little to modern for my taste , he is a real artist somewhat under appreciated unlike the gold rush currently waz zup in the industry .
she will have u wanting every bit of music she has ever done . she did me and am i glad
really like this tune to this song , and like the words to this song . it's a song i like to hear over and over again ! !
" rock with you " , " don't stop till you get enough " and " she's out of my life " make this album ...
its time to let it go emie , you were never good in the first place .
we get to peek at marshall mathers though this album . many emotions and intense songs . this album will go down in history
this is the best album from sean " jay z " carter . nuff said .
first time i heard this song totally makes you want to groove along to it . great band ! would completely recommend !
we all know someone we want to see stand up and fight for themselves . this song is an anthem for those people .
this sometimes make me cry to listen to . i'm glad that i could add it to my collection . sometimes you need inspiration to be strong .
this is the song that clued me into avicii and so far i'm sold . i could listen to this one over and over , and sometimes i do .
point blank , one of the best albums ever in all aspects and if it didn't get 5 mics benzino was mad he can't make a better album .
i'm in a place in life right now . . this song fits in . . i love the message it puts out . .
another great work by the masters of funk . an essential for anyone who is serious about music . enjoy with all your funky soul
the worst rap album ever . same crap over and over from blueprint 2buy any 2pac album instead
great songwriting , singing . one of the best albums in recent years . performed by one of the most talented performers of recent years .
wonderful , unique sound ! this was purchased for my husband . he loved it then and loves it now ! this is a classic !
this song actually has well thought out lyrics that will motivate you . not just oh i'm gana win but with a thought out argument .
folk prog counterpart compatriots bring enough rustic ambition to stand out , if not fully convince .
ain't gonn explain why . it speaks for itself ! just hear the names guru & primo . and you can be sure about the quality .
what an amazing album , may very easily be the best of the steely dan catalogue
great cd , i really like it . good for just hanging out to .
this song always makes me wonder who she is singing about . katy perry is a very good singer . the other songs in this album are great also
this album is truly magic and eternal signiture of the greatest , genius music star : michael jackson . every song in this album is classic .
i love this song , it's so upbeat and says something positive instead of the usual trash your girlfriend , love bruno's voice
great song . along with hearing it on the radio i have heard this or parts of it played on tv shows sometimes without the singing .
just like the old days driving to the beach with the 8 track playing . takes be back to a nice place
i think bruno mars is a rising star and he will be very successful . he can take any beat and make it smooth .
quite a competent solo offering from page with an eye to the past.john miles sounds a lot better than plant here , he should have sung all the songs .
ice cube sucks . he soulda stayed with n . w . a and made another classic like " straight outta compton " and avoided making trash like this .
for those who are jd collectors or for those just discovering his music , this is one of those " must have " albums .
no superlatives can over-emphasize the impact this band had on me during my formative years ! fantastic music , great remastering , timeless groove ... funk at its best !
this song is a must have for rihanna fans . she is an amazing artist and this song is a must have !
i love katy's music , very well written song with sweet melody . always a good depth with each one . a must have
heard this on the way to a show the other day and was really taken by it ( long review forthcoming ) .
great album and probably a better one without " helen's wheels " , not one of mccartney's better singles . i'd love to hear those demos the mugger stole ...
amazon delivers on time and has items in stock ! love them ! and love the luther cd ! his music is everlasting !
i began looking for pieces of music to walk to and i found it with this song . i just love it .
the greatest rap album ever by the greatest rap artists ever . ranks up there with the bst in music history . r . i . p .
i can't say much for his singing but his songs will long be remembered . too bad art garfunkel isn't paired up with him any more .
this entire album is good so i bought the cd instead of just downloading a song or two via mp3
i practically wore out this cd . this is such great music and lyrics . if you don't have this album you are missing something .
it's not a favoriteblack man sings on guitar about remembering a girl when smelling orange blossomscan't relate to the lyrics
this cd is garbage ! to hell with lil wayne . that monkey deserves to be beaten to death by real rappers .
the g in g-code must stand for garbage ! the only songs worth listening to were u-understnd , g-code , da magnolia , and that fire.everything else sucked
off the wall is the highest achievement in michael's artistry . a very brilliant album with a very good remastered sound ! history begins with off the wall !
a purchase for my daughter she loves them for her ever growing music collection rhcp have been up anddown a good purchase
other than layla , there isn't much of interest here , just more british white boy blues , i'd stick to the comps .
could have used a better beat . singer sounds almost like she's inside of a phone booth or a very small bathroom singing .
i have heard all the albums and this is that i like the most , very complete and full of power ! ! !
the best song by the lumineers so far . it is a short song that has catchy tune . if you like the band fun . try this song .
i purchased this for one of faith evans songs . the other divas are my old school favorites that didnt make it in the industry .
cover their career and here it is ... would not say that these are all platinum hits , but maybe a titanium career with longevity
i used to have this on record . i was thrilled to finally find it on cd . this whole album is great .
cd has all the favorite classic sade tunes your used to . her current work doesnt have the classic sound she used to have but shes still wonderful !
great mix having bruno , snoop & wiz khalifa did a good song together they made an amazing collabo this is good
i can never forget how paul mc cathy sings the greatest songs of his greatest hit records from the 70 ' s . thanks , david
this is a excelente paul van dyk compilation , all the singles in music and video format , very nice package , i recommend ! ! !
this is my favorite romance cd . i'm not into toni's other cd's that much , but this one is hot .
this cd is awsome if you like this type of music . if you like this type of music buy it ! ! !
if you like rap from a real street point of view , than this cd is a must have . jeezy street s .. t is real .
she has the best voice and she always sings her songs so beautiful with pride and joy ... her greatest hits are the best to remember ..
not many songs are priced low but this song is . really love it to have purchased this it for a really price . like the song very much
in the same vein as the last radiohead album . thom yorke puts you into his head and then spins you around .
this was a free song and i like it when i first heard it . it has not been my favorite lyrics . but the tune is good .
great words great flow great beats great artist this album is amazing , his followup is horible , heres a thug for you , buy this now
this is one of the sexiest albums ever recorded ! ! simply one of the best soul albums ever ! buy this now .
i love blondie sooo needless to say this excited , and thrilled me to pieces especially when i didn't have to pay a dime ! :-)
reminds me of many times past , some good , some bad ... easygoing vocal style makes it easy to listen to when combined with other moderate tempo songs .
excellent cd . such an emotional voice . definitely buy this . hear all samples at barnesandnoble
absolutely flawless album . this is what rock is all about . eddie van halen is uindeniably the best guitarist ever .
the great suburban showdown , roberta , los anginos are standouts , excellent remaster for it ; s age
lots of good songs , love the easy listening songs of jimmy buffett , great driving music , always a great beach feel
brought back some good memories and makes me sing along which makes me feel happy . highly recommended . still good after all these years .
even with all the controversy surrounding lauryn hill , this is a good album . good music is good music , its just that simple .
im happy that i got it , really good work , i didnt know they have so many good songs i only knew 2 or 3 .
pittbull is a really fun performer . his songs a usually really good . if you like pitbull , you should have this in your library . would recommend
i say that this particular album is very dear to me , after listening to the cd that replaced an eight track tape , i am very happy .
i'm not wild about this album but for anyone interested in alternative or " indie " music , " starlight " is a must listen , classic.matt zarnstorffzarnstorff
nfg is finally back and they put out one heck of an album . if you are a nfg fan don't hesitate , just pick it up .
the best album by far if you like michael jackson this is a must have album it's fantastic ! ! ! highly recommend ! ! !
love her she has a mind of her own and does what she wants , its great . she is a great performer and has great talent
this album is very goopd to have in cd rotation for any occasion you will not be able to stop listineing to the wonderful sounds of stevie wonder .
weird and wonderful ... as it should be . presence of a brain is priceless . very spooky . really great . i love it .
music is fun to listen to at this season and the free music as a neat way to meet new artists .
enjoyed listening to this sampler and looking for more from this type of music.been listening to it over and over .
good not as good as i know he can do but i like 90 % of all the tracks so i give it 4 1/2 stars
you wanna feel the godfather buy the box set which includes 80 hardcore jams made by jb and his disciples of funk .
this has to be one of the most requested moodies albums i have had the pleasure to listen to , it captures the essence of this brit pop band .
this is the album that brought female rap into the forefront . she was the first major female after salt-n-peppa . she's still the best .
this fake ass rapper album is a huge flop ! ! ! don't waste your money on this album .
this is one of the greatest albums of all time . listen to it on vinyl to get the full listening experience .
this cd is off the hook--just buy it . snoop has done it again .
what's better than a free song ? a good free song . i think people should download this free song today for a great track .
i enjoyed his stuff is great to listen to . this is for any fan of his and his albums and b sides .
oh why even bother wasting the energy to type ... it sucks , that is all you need to know .
joss is the most soulful singer around and for as young as she is wow . this will get u hooked on her
long time kate bush devotee . waited a long time for this . completely satisfied ! ! thank you kate ! !
this cd , in my oppinion , is the best one they've done . faceless is a must have for any godsmack fans .
who cares it's the rhcps , strong alblum i can listen to it anytime .
this cd is a great combo from this group . i just recently discovered them and their sound is truly unique .
i love her voice and chris brown's also . it's something new and fresh . i can't wait for his new album to come out .
love mariah . always . i am a big fan of hers . it brings me back to some of her first cds .
this song is naughty but great to listen to . it is good quality and so catchy that it gets stuck in your head
good beat to it , lots of fun to listen to . what else can i say ? it's pitbull , everything he sings is amazing !
shawnna is chicago's home girl . good tracks like my chicago , kick this one and super freak . her album gets 3 out of 5 .
i purchased this cd for my teenager who seems to like it . i actually listend to this and i like it also .
this mix of slow music is awesome for bed time or relaxing , it has a very diverse sound to it too that i like very much .
catchy tune and simple lyrics . sticks in your head and has a good message . look forward to more of their work
what more can be said about this recording . i wish i was present in the recording process .
right up there with tool's lateralus and maiden's brave new world as the decade's finest in metal thus far . just friggin ' essential . nuff said .
i love aerosmith , especially their earlier works . i needed this one to complete the set of early works . it has many memories attached to these songs .
what a great cd ! i listen to it when i want to experience summer in the dead of winter . thanks jb .
aside from get your wings , this is their best effort-rock and roll at its finest .
darklands is really a terrific album , and the jesus & mary chain were one of the u . k's finest bands ever .
deep purple are a fantastic band and amongst my best.this super album contains anthems like burn and might just take your life.very very highly recommended .
the only song i'd put on a " jonsongs " sampler is " hurry home . "
this band plays some very solid hard rock.if you like drowning pool and disturbed you will like this music.good album
was not impressed with the different groups that was in this c . d . was dissappointed . todays groups just don't have what the older groups do .
really like this , love the cloud access for my music on the go , no need to store a disk anywhere .
glory will all way's be my number one song that cam made , also a must perchase ! ! !
i remember buying this record when i was 16 and thinking that it sounded really " grown up " and sophisticated . that's because it was . and is .
ok she plays the piano well but her lyrics are weird and equally sung as weird . the only track i liked was : silent all these years .
a stellar album . there's no " filler " here , as every track is strong , well played , and contributes to the overall album .
this song is ok . it is a slow thought provoking song . one i can use when i am in the mood to write or relax to .
dope cd , wc out did himself wit this one , unreal beats and lyrics , straight puttin ' it down from the wsc !
very infectious . the 24hoursofhappy website is very fun . i found it after purchasing this song . good song to workout too especially rollerblading !
swinging one of the songs that you cannot get out of your head once it is in there and easily a good back up to their first album .
i thought i liked his music , but maybe i didn't . his earlier stuff was much , much better . is he trying to mimic someone else now ?
this 16 track cd is a great collection of phil collins ' solo career greatest hits ! ! ! lots of phil ! ! ! a +
it's neat to hear how muse began . initially , they sounded similar to radiohead ( at their beginning too ) . but there are enough differences ...
this is a pretty good mccartneyalbum but there are very few rockersand it's mostly soft .. nothingspectacular .. but consistently good .
such a nice song . full of warmth , emotion , and beautifully sung . pity that john travolta will never find it in a web search :-(
here is a fun holiday tune done in a fun way ... what could be more lively than plucking a ukulele ? and a freebie from amazon . delightful !
i would not buy this song but , for free it is okay to have and listen to once or twice .
again with the christmas music . please know i did not order this . please reverse . i will not pay for items i do not want .
lauryn 2nd album , is not what you would expect . i am relieved and this is a blessing . truth and honesty and her voice is a godsend .
lauryn is a gifted artist and one of my favorite female mcs . this album is nothing short of a master piece .
2 1/2 overly cited indiecency that barely maintains any lasting intrigue past an important lead-off track .
the best songs from the greatest singer . play it all the time . bought copy for friend also . she loves it , too .
this has all the must have songs from joan baez's career , especially " diamonds & rust " , one of my favorites . get it .
great album , just not as many songs the i like that i had remembered . still i'm glad i purchased it . her classics are priceless .
it feels really nice to see that america can listen to a song that isn't in a language she generally speaks .
this guy is going to go far ... great cd .. i highly encourage you to buy this cd
a one hit wonder that became a classic song . brings back great memories . whats not to like and the price is great as well .
the album is toooooooooooooooooo pop and i just could not get in to it but i can see how others would like it
perfect album i bought the record and it's been on the player since . it's ear candy with vitamins for your thoughts .
i have this on cassette , that's how long ago this came out ! i love it and still play it often .
she is so talented & lovely ! ! don't count the things u do . do the things that count ! ! great listening to oldies .
the beat is ok , the music isn't bad , but i don't think this is the " blondie " that i know and love :)
at their best groups all across the globe ! one of the best singers in the galaxy ! it will give you the " chills " ! ! !
she just get's better and better . no more drama is my favorite song from 2001 . she heals and sooothes . what a great voice .
g-unit sucks but diz album is straight fire . 5 out of 5 4 - sho buck da world
john legend has done it again with a fantastic cd ! ! ! he has a varied and wide range of vocal skills ! he's awesome on this cd !
every song here iz tha bomb . this iz hiz onlly good album . go cop it . a classic
i liked this song right away when it came on and it was quite catchy so i decided to get here
i love this album especially numbers 2,3 , 4,6 , 7,8 , and number ---> 14 !
i like several songs on this cd , none of the others have particularly grown on me yet but that takes time .
i think this acoustic version is actually better than the studio version ... more emotional and stripped down without all of the over production .
i love this song ! it's such a catchy and upbeat song , you can't help but sing along ! definitely buy ! :)
origional songs from the recording studios always sound better then they do from collections such as the ' this is what i call music ' . sound is great !
i bought this song for my seven year old daughter . she loves it and listens to it repeatedly much to my chagrin .
sometimes you have just got to have a little blondie and this song is a fun one to listen to .
sly was and still is everything that funk needs . this timeless album is a must for everyone who likes up tempo music . such great tunes .
fairly good , just like the band . the cd does have all of the songs you love , plus a few others
led zeppelin was much much better ! i don't like this album at all ! this was a commecial album ! no good songs !
i was looking for some knew music and come across this album . the title struck me first places losers sounds funny if your first why did you lose .
the thompson twins made mediocre synth pop in a time when that was really cooool . now they just sound dated . valuable for nostalgia only .
this is another song from a few years ago that just had something catchy and addicting about it . fun song .
diana is so talented & beautiful ! kindness is 1 thing u cant give away - it always comes back ! ! !
amazing have had it for awhile but never got around to reviewing it , definitly worth buying
i love this album , it is my favorite album of all time , and thats all i have to say about it .
this is one of my favorite simon and garfunkel albums . if you don't own this , you should . it's a masterpiece .
sure he was important , but he still [ stinks ] . this album is rocky horror meets barbarella meets well , funk . f
3 1/2 though occasionally showing a nasty skeletal underside of hazy ramblings , pp is mostly an enthralling session of organically progressive ambiance .
the eurythmics is a dynamic duo that is very unique and have a with a great deal of talent to go with it .
the best cd you can buy.hands down best ever . r . i . p
... with out this father of metal albums . great album . great songs . great talent . great ingenuity and toe-tapping success . ya ya
awesome pure rock here yet again from montrose . awesome guitar work and straight up groovin rock .
even though i have never heard of nico vega , i decided to try this music . it is enjoyable to hear .
i gave this product four out of five stars because even though it has good songs on it , not all of them are good .
if this young woman is not showered with awards , call in the best ear and heart doctors in the world !
carly is one of the greatest women singers of her time . this album gives her all of the credit she deserves .
best new suede album in a long time . i always wondered what happened to those guys .
didn't like all the songs selected for this album but micheal still has it . takes you back to memory lane .
jay-z is the greatest and this album proves it.it ' s 90 times better than illmatic or stillmatic and nas ain't gonna never have it .
the only song worth listen to is nastradamus . i was very dissappointed by nas effort . his predictions was way off ! ! !
my dad wanted some music and this cd was one of them .. everything came in good condition n my dad rides around listening to it .. thanks
the eagles are one of those groups whose music you hear over and over . greatest hits packs a punch . great .
pun's lyrical skills are tight but the beats on this album don't quite stack up to the last one .
it was a real pleasure to listen to marc cohn.great voice , great lyrics , great set of songs .
in my opinion reasonable doubt is better , if not , as good as illmatic . i'll let other reviewers decide on this .
every single song on this album is great . a must own for classic rock / ' 70s pop fans .
i liked this because it is a fast song and i love very fast songs . so the more fast songs the better
this is an excellent collection of eurythmics music with excellent tracks . annie lennox and her partner , at their best . i would highly recommend this collection .
it's refreshing to see a " new " artist with talent . eric is on course and this cd proves it .
jackson browne / late for the sky : excellent and entertaining album . it's always a joy to put this one on . five stars .
this was a good song . if you like the artist's other music , i don't see why you wouldn't like this song .
hola soy hernan de argentina.el producto que compre es exelente.llego muy rapido y muy bien embalado.se recomienda al vendedor.saludos desde argentina
this cd is wonderful . it makes you sing , dance , think and see things differently.writer at bellaonline.com
it has a catchy tune and lyrics . lorde is different from the stuff out there . she has her own way of singing .
blondie does a decent job of remaking this song , but i like the original version better . the sound quality is good .
his is one of the great eagles band members that one can forget . once again , he's the best thanks , david
phil collins is so talented and i have enjoyed this cd tremendously . it is solidly included in my truck list and will listen to it a lot .
every song is a banger that takes you on a ride from the 90s to now . make sure you get yourself a copy .
this one is a great song . i really like sia's voice and she is matched to this one perfectly.highly recommend
i seem to buy allot of bruno's music and just the singles . will have awhole cd soon ! love this music and so does my hubby ! ! !
i want to like sleigh bells a lot more than it turns out that i actually do . they're enjoyably loud , but are sort of a one-trick pony .
don't know why , but i have only their first two lps . they are both great and really like the song on this cd .
get this one , but before you do ... make show you get some smoke's plus incense , and zone out , relax an chill .
its really good . alicia keys is really very talented . i enjoyed all of the songs on this album .
listening to this comes as easy as a soft afternoon in the shade of maple tree . each listen reveals more and does not tire . recommended .
a great album . forget all the hype and just go with the flow . this band really rocked and were great in concert . enjoy !
the band sucked to begin with . the only good song off the original album was the sound of sulfur . atleast they're trying to be innovative here
the more i listen to this cd , the more i love it . i wish r & b singers were this creative .
mariah gives you two cds of great music her music makes you feel relaxed listening to her sexy voice +
mary chapin carpenter came on the scene as a country artist . she has a tremendous female vocalist and surely knows how to entertain .
love rocking out to this one while driving or cleaning or well just about anything . one of my favs to sing along to !
it's amazing how many poeple despise free jazz with no understanding of the music whatsoever . my advice to them , stick with your kenny g .
young jeezy is among very few real rappers . he lived what he speaks and never sells out . this cd is str 8 classic rap .
elton john was a 70s version of the fab fourrolled up in one ... he's on full display here .. his band sounds amazing ...
the two powerhouse tracks are " perth " and " calgary " , but the whole album is good . get it , be seeing him in sd soon !
i admit i was a skeptic but she made me swoon and i will always be grateful for that gift .
the album is pretty goodi like it alot.alanis you needa comeback maybe this will be it .
the lyrics are decent but the beats are great this is the cd that makes expensive systems worthwhile
this is like a parody of a pixies album . it's like one of those stsanders " shreds " videos . i hope the money was good .
if it aint pac then it's outkast cash money or somebody else . these fools teeth should hurt with all the biting they do .
anyone who would dedicate a song to gg allin doesn't deserve your money or mine . gg allin thought that molesting kids was a good idea .
if you like american gangster then you will love .. smoke sessions by devin the dude . this is one of the best of 2008 .
lots of energy and tunesmiths that are underrated with lyrics and music ... at times many eclectic sounds , but then again that is what they wanted .
this album features the diplomats and some amazing tracks produced by kanyeezee aka kanye west . i've always been a huge fan of both . harlem and the chi .
i love the drum line in this song . i could do without the funky vocals though . overall it is a good song
you probley be selling your azz just for a dub ! ! ! ... ya stupid bit * h ! ! ! ... this is classic music .
nice follow up song to country grammar his breakthrew song that came out last decade and it is a very good .
one of the greatest punk bands ever and this is a great recording . love it and enjoy it each and every time i hear it .
god i love this band . this was a great , and smart addition to their catalog ...
great free download from amazon . i play it at christmas for my audiences and they love the song and the artist .
i enjoy the hits on this album and the sound quality is excellent . but " eldorado " and " on the third day " are still my favs .
kids eat acid this is neither rap or good music . if you want some real rap go pick up be by common . common is a great rapper
this album is very , very good . they have a similar sound to modest mouse , the shins , air and that stuff . its good .
this is a super catchy song and very upbeat . i love to listen to songs like this during my workouts so it makes a great addition .
if you are into james brown this is a must have feel where the funk came from and recognize the godfather of soul u suckas .
i buy songs i like , without rhyme or reason . if it catches my ear and i can dance to it then i buy it .
musch better than their other albums , with tight production and a seedy vibe that is consistant during the entire cd . clever lyrics with great delivery .
one of my very favorites , when vinyl was it . i'm so glad to ad it now to my digital collection .
i think they are the new queen . and by that i mean they put out complicated music that kicks butt .
makes me feel like i'm watching someones home videos . if you need something to put you to sleep , this will sure do it .
this is relaxing . it is good to wind down to for the night or to work up to a productive day .
this is such a fun song , you find yourself dancing in your seat and wanting to jump up and dance around . and you will .
a must have for all concerned . this is uncut funk . buy this cd now !
i've always loved the four seasons songs and decided to check this one out . they're all pretty amazing . . .
i submitted a review / question for this album 2 times , it should be posted here by now . please post my review .
this cd is tiiiight ! i like a lot of the songs on here . this cd is nas's best so far !
gave this five stars cause to me if you have at least nine tracks that are great it complete , and there are nine tracks that are .
slim is one of the better no limit rapperslook out for the streets made me ...
if i listen to this album 500 times , i don't think i will ever tire of it . one of the all-time classics , without a doubt .
bump the new afroman . it will put u in a better mood . jointhe streetteam
it seems the celtic version of any song has a touch of magic in it . this is no exception.get it
while i enjoyed the song for a few plays , it will not become a classic , must-play-every-year at christmas . thanks for the freebie , amazon !
i like this album , it's the perfect ending to the classic 7 . as usual the moodie 3 r's - rock , romance and risk are all covered .
love the musice and i listent o it all the time and i love that i can put it on my mp3 player thanks
another early classic from the flaming lips before some of their songs became college radio friendly . i'd get it if you haven't already ..
this is a very uplifting and lilting album to listen to . i liked it allot l would recommend it to any one
got for one song shotgun and it was a good song and the rest of cd is ok also but shotgun is a must
i love g-unit but some of the songs on this album has to be filler . i love the song i'm so fly and warrior pt2 and karma .
i saw rihanna perform this on american idol and downloaded it . i really love her voice and this song is good .
i'm very glad i made this purchase ! i really love this album ! she has a great lilting voice and her songs are all different .
leona lewis does a great job with her voice sounding so sweet & with raw emotion on this song it's so good ! buy it !
got this track because it was free and also because i haven't heard anything from joe in a long time
this is my third cd from him . out of all the cds i only dislike 1 song ! i love his manner of speaking and singing ! ! !
this clasic michael jackson . contains demos and comentaries by quincy jones only available on this limited edition . a michael jackson must-have .
mezmerize and hypnotize are brutal slabs of truth served up by soad . this stuff never stops abrading , pushing , screeching , pounding . wonderful .
adrenalize by in this moment is great from beginning to end . i loved this song and i would definitely recommend it .
this is a good song i really enjoy it everytime i play it . you never will get tired of it
this man makes me quiver when he sings ! i love his music ! i will buy it til drop ...
this song was the first i heard from one direction . i love their voices and this is a really fun song !
this was a free song and after i listen to it . i would problay buy this song , because it very calming .
i really love this song . no denying it . there is something unique about it . fantastic talent for someone so young .
man rocko please quit rap and sell dope or pimp monica instead this is sad .
you guys make great tv drama and great music ! ! ! i am in love with everything south korean in the past 3yrs . food movies music .
i can't stop listening to this cd . i hope she tours america.what a story , what a voice ! susan you are an inspiration .
january of this year , a new guided by voices and a new yo la tengo . hooray ! it's like 1995 all over again !
this is no question the best eminem album we'll ever see . it'll almost impossible for him to outdo this album . buy it ! it's awesome .
this album is ok a lot of nice tracks.but not as good as stillmactic .
if theses were the losers i sure would love the hear the winners.this bunch of people were awesome singers my hat is off to them .
my father got me in to james brown back in 1994 . this one is a great single collection to get .
it is a good cd , with many different beats and lyrical prowess . it didn't take a while to grown on me either , as some cd's do .
sounds very good on my kindle fire . i downloaded it and more classical works to listen to while i read .
this is a good cd , don't belive all the haters on this review board . buy the cd & stop downloading .
they're actually a very good discovery their harmonies are great very good lyrics . great album they have under their hands ! great songs !
i love matchbox twenty early releases and i have this cd still . as an individual with bipolar disorder , i can really relate .
i enjoy there first album and this one is a good one to get it you like there music .
i do not like this " musician " and certainly would never line her pockets with my hard eraned money . please reverse purchase
nice virgin mobile commercial , wayne . i'm sure you needed the money . remember when the flaming lips were cool ? yeah , me neither.listen to sonic youth .
one of the greatest rap albums of all times by one of the greatest rappers ever . enough said ! i'm gone ! ! !
the doc was hip hops up and commer until his accident that damaged his vocal cords ...
... due to not being born yet this is as good as it gets for me as far as hearing them live at the time .
this is a great cd.it simply does what it does ... sheryl is clearly in charge as her voice pulls you in and holds you .
any lover of the pixies should own this incredible classic . very good , it will not disappoint if you already are a fan
this is the one where he bares his soul , reaches for eternity , attains it .
i only wish that this song was a little longer . so instead i play it over and over again when i'm writing .
the cars were great.rick ocasek is a classis rocker and this set of songs is awesome !
i was afraid this band was going to be a one-hit wonder , but they're proven their versatility . love the lyrics and orchestra .
i like this album its stevie wonder what else do you expect ... you get what you pay for it i love it though
fine production of her songs with various artists that score at times and at others seem to be a vanity project for the guests joining her ... still enjoyable .
this is two thumbs up , 5 stars quality awesome lyrics kickass melodies , this is sweet music to my ears , big fan , awesome album
this is one of the greates pop albums ever made . tori's lyrics are clever and personal . and her music is beautiful and emotive . highly recommended .
i love to listen to this song after a hard day at work and belt it out in my car . great way to feel better
anyone who gives band on the run less than 5 stars should have their ears checked . this album is a masterpiece of music from start to finish .
great song and uploaded nicely . learning the dance to it for school . awesome it is a fun dance and a great workout song actually .
kelly rowland album love it love all the songs on the album what a great job she did on this album love it .
i got nothing to say ... except for ' the one ' all the other songs were amazing . stop hatin on fred durst ...
i've liked rihanna since she first hit the charts but never felt the need to buy one of her songs , this is a great song !
mike jones really set it of on those hoes ... thats what i like about him.cop this album for real for real !
very bluesy , growly makes you want to snap your fingers and prance around the christmas tree . i liked it a lot .
the title says it all . it has all the classics and popular mj hits 2cd pack , a must have for everyones collection .
this album is bangin , i paid $ 25 but it is well worth it .
this song has been nagging me . it plays on the radio and i sing along . i like it so i finally gave in a purchased it .
good song i lissen to it when i am working out and cleanen the back yard . good song for about anything .
i wanted to hear some old school mary . the cd arrived on time , no scratches and played perfect . and reasonably priced
this is a very good cd with some of toni braxton's greatest hits . was well worth the purchase . good cd
thank goodness the girl didn't take second place and go off into the sunset . she has a fantastic voice and hasn't secumb to fames bull crap yet .
i love this cd . it's deborah's best cd of all . the only thing i hate about this cd is that it didn't get enough promotion .
i really wasnt impressed with this cd , his mixtape " the suffix " is better than this album . i wasted my money .
ok so i should have listed before i bought it but , it was the holidays and i normally really like her music .
love this song . it is so relaxing . would make great dinner music for a christmas party or great for just chilling
the whole cd is fire everyone go get the cd i dont even need to say anymore we got gunz best song and many more
sexy british love music , these women need to get back together and get the british love flowing again flow on .
great cd ! great band ! start with this one if your just getting into them ... great from start to finish
alan parsons is an acquired taste for many . the album is great for a night of relaxing alone , or with friends .
all their mindless , greed rhyming , repetitive music placed in one album.this should kill some braincells if you want to torture some people .
heres my story : saw him at the essence festival . bought a bootleg copy . loved it . bought the real one . now , i'm happy :d
very simple , well written , well produced and well sung album . she has a great voice and doesn't try to go where her voice won't take her .
vulture culture says it all . great sounds . don't know why they disbanded , but have such a blend of voices and talent .
great cd , very poiltically incorrect i love it . i had tyhe tape but needed the disc
another great work from an awesome band . if you are considering buying this you know what i mean .
the operative word here is " derivative . " their name is appropriate because they certainly " tap " the " roots " of bands that went before them .
i wish kenny rogers would just mail this guy a rhino turd ! can't believe this stuff sells ! anything endorsed by simon cowell is just lame !
i bought his first one and loved it and the second is just a good if not better
this is a great song and i can more song that i like with this download system and i love it . thanks !
angels we have heard on high ( featuring josh groban ) great song for the holidays . highly recommend this one.love it !
the original album contained the 6 best songs from this lot and personally i enjoyed the bootleg quality of that issue with the crackling noises .
i always kinda liked some things about stereolab's music , but this is their first album that i'm really happy with .
i love this song . it is a nice song that evokes a lot of energy and excitement . very popular . great !
seals & crofts / summer breeze : a very good album with a couple of big hits . enjoyable and inspirational throughout . a solid four star album .
good song , especially for a freebie . definately woth checking out this group . had never heard of them but it was free so why not .
another top album from the war they are so talented one of the best groups of the 1970s and 1980s
from floetry to solo and whatever you will do next , i'm in . maybe you will get the next james bond theme song
it's 50 at his raw and furious styles , delivery and production sound . i just can't stop listening to it i
if this cd doesn't bring back the memories of michael , i don't know what will . this is the michael i grew up with ! ! !
this is a great live recording that you don't often hear about . recorded when he only had one album out .
this a great cd . dance , dance , dance . thank you cyndi for such a great cd . you bring me to the brink !
when you're in a barrack , there is a lot of different types of music floating through the air , fell in love with this group .
why does she keep holding on to this album ? is it because it was her only bestseller ?
if something is fantastic then it is just fantastic . track after track the album takes your breath away . i can't find anymore words to describe it .
i rediscovered this album about a month ago and i love it ! it is really good ... and really right beside you alone is worth it .
stormwind , screams of anger and the title tracks are my favorites tracks on a classic 80s album that still holds up today . europe's second album .
this is a very good cd and nice voice performance by lina . i am happy to have this as part of my favorite " ladies " music collection .
i enjoy his stuff for years and his hits . this one is a good one to get if you like his music .
demi has definitely gone through a lot and you hear it in her voice on this song . she is vulnerable and yet strong enough to stand up for herself
my daughter enjoys this song and my sons hate it . i think it is a cute song . my wife likes it too
i downloaded this after hearing it on the radio . i always really like things by adele so i was glad to get something new by her .
this song gets me pumped up for the weekend ! such a motivating song that makes me want to p-a-r-t-why ... because i got to !
thank you ! thank you ! thank you ! this is my most favorite chaka khan album and i couldn't wait to get it . again , thank you !
like the cd and its fun to listen to so if u dont have it then u should go and get it .
nasty cd ludas mad funny . hip hop quotables one of the best songs ive ever herd . want somethin different get this .
d tones make classic music . they are classic guys . just straight forward . we need that in society . rock n role music at it's best
enjoyable early 60 ' s hard bop with a considerable amount of rawness injected from this particular lineup still usually walks the line between authentic and generic composition-wise .
i have listened to the full release and say great job whitney and clive ! ! ! it is real ! ! !
another masterpiece by the m . b . ' s . from start to finish a fine work that must be in any collection of their's .
i remember playing this over and over , it was the first music album i ever bought . ..
all of his hits are here and great b-sides.the only problem with this disc is that the songs are edited to much.they should be played in there full zenith .
including the hit song ' around the world ' this album came out for my graduation from art and design school in 1996 .
you can't go wrong buying this song , this guy has an awesome voice that will make you melt , it's sexy .
paula can sing , entertain and this is a great , fun album ... enjoy this and take it for the fun and party feel that it is .
i am in love with this cd . if i could , i would marry it and bear it's children . go buy it . that is all .
he's got a blunderbuss that will smash your holiday pumpkins and toss your rag doll out in the street ! ! how cool .
foxy hit a pot a gold with this album . ill na na and i'll be show a rap style that had promise
if your just starting listening to redman to me i would begin hear this album is dam near good all the way threw
i love this song . it is very toungue-in-cheek . the words and rythm are catchy . this one appeals to several generations . i guess we can relate .
great song with original and great tune and lyrics ! cheerful lyrics and upbeat tune . really fun to listen to . love it !
good side bad side was a way better album.this cd final tic is a classic it's worth buying .
this song is not everyone's cup of tea . i liked it . the beat was engaging , and lyrics were not very dirty .
this cd has it all , i am surprised noone has mentioned " it ain't easy " , a smooth song with a great beat .
of monsters and men has some of the best song i've heard in awhile . i would buy this again for a friend .
listened but can say that it is ok . good to hear from the time again but a little disappointed . hard to duplicate the original sound
i have always enjoyed listening to it specially during karaoke , people sing it very well so i figured why not own it .
i listen to this album when i was young . i dance to the music just not professionally . i dance maybe sing in the shower .
hallelujah ! something a little more unusual for a christmas song . and carole king is singing - good stuff ! thanks for the free christmas song , amazon !
toya rocks st.louis is climbing up on the music scene about time too . toya love ya style .
this girl can spit . i can't wait for her next album . this album is da bomb . nuff said .
i have this cd .. it's wonderful .. all her greatist hits and more . " i'll always l0ve you " ... my all time favorite . :)
kelly is the greatest ! i love her music , will buy whatever she sings because she has such a beautiful voice .
this is just the version of this song i was looking for i was so happy to get it at the price i did as well
this is hot but it is not like cubian linx he doesn't even have ghostface on the album i like this tight .
who doesn't like flogging molly ? great song ! and now it's on my cloud where i can access it any time .
the song is beautiful . the video to this is amazing , the song is great , and the singer is great . beautiful !
not actually to bad , even for free . i would pay for this in a heart beat if i had to . :-)
i like all the tracks on this album , but my favorite it track one , al no corrida . classic quincy jones .
how can you not like this album . the melodies stick in youre head all day long . any thing new order rules .
i don't care for miley's behavior but i couldn't help but love the song . she has a great voice and a lot of talent .
what's not to like ? ? i first heard this tune while on a cruise . i knew i had to have it . i was not disappointed .
none of them can rap at all , my grandma could rap better , and those beats suck , how can you like dem franchise boyz ?
like most of the songs . love her voice . so sensual and sexy . would love to have seen some of my other faves on this compilation .
a great band who knows how to rock hard . with this collection being very slow and melodic i believe that it shows the softer side of the group .
dusty was great soul singer hidden inside a white british pop queen until she went down to memphis to record this album . this one made her a star
i realy dig rooney . it is just sweet melodic music . have a beachboys mixed with the cars sound . i realy like it .
another great collection of songs written by gordon lightfoot . i highly recommend this cd for those who love to get lost in the music .
classic rock at the end of an era . on of my favorite albums . lot's of good material on this release . good fun stuff , pure mccartney .
i am very eclectic when it comes to music and am a huge fan of this song . it is very fun .
nice soft relaxing music , song . i like the way this song is done . very nice . nice boost for the holidays !
this is such a unique sound ! i love it ! i never tire of listening to this ! this is a must !
not as awesome as their first album . this one sounded much more country . almost the left-overs of the first album .
this one i also bought for my sister for her birthday , she really loves all of the cd's i gave her .
heart hotels is best in show in this collection . not a huge folgelberg fan so perhaps my review takes on a negative bias .
it raises luda from the first to the second , the boy is legit . funny , hard hitting , and great beats .
although i like recovery so much more , eminem still can put out a bangin ' cd ! keep up the good work , man !
perfectioni can't wait for the new album to drop . this is how i get ready for church and s * * * like that .
classic , great double album ! ! it has some great tracks and a lot of music . this is a must-have for the hip hop collection !
never really cared for him untill i heard a song on this cdcalled country heroes a true song down to earth album .
this is one of my all time favorite songs . i like this version better than any of the others that i have heard .
a great collection with my only gripe being that there are some songs missing from this collection . however , i understand that some songs had to be cut .
someone introduce this to me this cd and group.so i had to buy it.was not disappointed at all.very good music .
newly newly newly . you are such a free spirit and fearless artist . you let looser with each record you put out more than the last ! bravo !
really nice song to have , very peacefully . great for someone who loves to listen to piano music . very happy with this purchase
22 songs about five songs i can bumpweeeeek unit ! ! ! what the hell is the gatman song
i have heard this song so many times i new i needed to buy it . best song ever by beyonce
this one is probably my favorite album of his . guest appearances from the rest of d block and jada is spittin that fire .
great cdworthy of tha star count 5 stars to da boy mos deftlycop this mayn
born to be wild is a classic of its own and a song in easy rider movie proof of it this was the beginning of steppenwolf and john kay
if ever an album deserved a 5.1 remix , this is it . if you have home theater , you need to buy this album .
the music listen to while i was in high schools and was play around friends , school campus and high school dances
gfr was not that great of a band back in the late sixties . spend your money on better classic rock .
hauntingly awsome sounds like his granpa man i sure hank sr i lookingdown and smiling this guy is the real deal sweet cd
not my kind of music . would not recommend to my family or friends . i have nothing further to say with regard to this .
i enjoy his music for a long time and this one is a great one to get if you are fan of his music .
carefully packaged anger , cliche attitude , the issues stay the same : i'm angry , i'm depressed and it pays.wondering why ?
its bing crosby need i say more ... ok its bing crosby singing christmas songs ... great cd whith a lot of classics
the essential donna summer album . very listenable album . every song a hit . play bad girls in the dark
big dissapointment ! documentary = classic . doctors advocate = classic . lax = classic . the red album = big dissapointment . i cant believe it
i listen to this all the way through every day and got to sleep to it every night buy buy buy it
this is a must have santana set too have.the music here really captures the essence of the santana genius & legacy.the tones & vibes here are strong.very essential .
what can i say another classic album by still today one of the hottest artist that every graced hip hop
i enjoyed it , it has a nice beat aand good sound . it was a good add to my collection of songs .
this was my walk down music in my wedding . i really enjoyed listening to this song , i would suggest listening to this song .
this album is good but i didn't like all of the tracks . my favorites : rolling in the deeprumor has itturning tablesset fire to the rainsomeone like you
another classic out of the boot camp clik . the cocoa brovaz , formerly smif-n-wessun , have come a long way in their struggle for recognition .
awesome song , even it is techno-ish . entertaining , makes people want to dance ; almost everyone walking buy the tailgate dances and / or sings along
only 1 song worth bumpin and that's ride on my enemies which he had from a unreleased 2pac cd . please pass this by .
the title says it all great songs great singing all in one cd . i love the song aint no sunshine when shes gone .
whooooooo dis light skin cat can rap.he can flow unlike 50 cent.hes just real original thats why he sticks out so much get this
do not sleep on jill scott . this is the cd of the year , no doubt . words can't explain . listen !
jb was dynamite you want funk live uncut raw from the godfather and his disciples get this .
great album by a poet , rapper , writer and producer . listen to the words and you feel everything she is singing . rock on !
this song is fantastic . it is unique and original . it sounds amazing in my car and i can work out to it too .
very talented music artist and love the words of the song that grooves you to want to dance and sing along with the artist
this song is awesome ! i love pitbull and anything he does and then adding christina on top of that ; winner ! !
great song to have for any holiday play list . it's a nice version of an old classic holiday . very happy with it .
rihanna delivers hits after hits and i loveeeeeeee her entire aspect of diamonds comparing them to someone she cherishes the most ina relationship .
during idol i was a fan of durbin , knew he would do great things . great song to add to chritmas collection if your a durbin fan .
this song is okay . i don't really listen to them , but it's not a bad song . just not my taste .
i like every song on this album . his voice just mellows you out . everyone should have this one in their cd collection .
a great song whether at the bar , in your car or hanging with friends . reminds me of everyone sitting around singing and having a good time .
i thoroughly enjoyed listening to this compilation of live concerts that rush did . it goes well with my collection of rush cds .
this song really proves demi can actually sing . it's super emotional and heart wrenching . totally soulful song , i love it
if you love bruno mars you will absolutely love this song ! it is the very best song he has ever done !
using my free downloads or should i say wasting my free downloads . coldplay is ok in an elevator but i can't imagine choosing to listen to it .
just keep putting them out and believe u me im buying and listening 2 the words then the music my hero dmx 4 life
i like this song . her voice and sound is so different than other artists right now . it's relaxing and refreshing !
dre makes a good appearance on this one which makes all happy . no more beef . cube doesn't slouch on this one .
there are some fun interesting songs on here , but most of it sounds like one long song going nowhere . love these guys , just not this album .
i brought the cd for one song that i like but found that the whole cd was entertaining and was worth it
i love every song , it's a great listen and i would recommend to anyone that wanted to hear some good music .
loved this band and their greatest hits grown up with their music and all their greatest hits were amazingly great songs ...
i absolutely love this song and to workout to this song ... i just think katy grows more and more each album and is a great artist !
3 1/2 behind breathy , ultra-plasticized production lies some of the 80 ' s most intriguing sophisti-pop .
a great debuttop 10 songs1.like father , like son2.higher3.don ' t worry4.westside story5.put you on the game6.how we do7.don ' t need your love8.hate it or love it9.dreams10.the documentary
with each release , ashanti gets better and better.this is a wonderful cd-rom to listen to , i suggest you do just that .
guru passed away to early but his music is still around . this is the best mix of hip hop and jazz anywhere . pick it up .
this was the first time i had heard this album . it is as good as the last one ` s they put out .
absolutely love jb - music , lyrics fantastic . jb can park his thongs under my bed anytime :) ! ambition is to have the complete jb collection !
there is always something unique in his cds and or should say something different . love it and will continue to listen
dan aurebach has out did his last attempt . this one is heart felt as it seems we are traveling in parallel universes with women
wanted it in my colllection , love all of his music , i can relate to his songs , sounds like a country boy . sweet .
i like the new vibe that christina perri gives , it's new and fresh . i love this cd , i can't wait until she drops a new one .
i love this song . i'm really glad the mp3 version is available from amazon . i really like song a lot .
this album's a banger , i copped it on the day of release . still in my cd player a week later . ' nuff said .
this is a classic buy it now ! nothing else to say but buy it and all of onyx albums
despite the constant screams and attempts to be loud , i found myself falling asleep listening to this last year . enough said .
good song , i can move to it , and it it is great for listening to while i clean my house .
not my favourite bands ... under the bridge has great lyrics ! the vocals are terrible ! the melodies are too much rap !
i love it , good stuff to ride too ! very laid back and cool . i like " something in the past " . peace , k
i have to admit i have probably only listened to this record a couple times . but it was rec'd in great condition and sounds great .
not really sure if a dj is really a musician , but this catchy tune made my top 10 of 2013 list . loved this song !
if you are a johnny cash fan , this cd is a must for your collection . great songs from " the man in black "
boss is amg's sister from the dj quik clique . she comes with vicous flows and awesome skills .
what arte you reading this for buy this cd cause it is the bomb .
classic eazy e joint . put compton on the map and paved the way for nwa.top joints : 2 hard muthasnobody moveeazier said than dunn'we want eazyradiostill talkineazy duz it
good song it defiantly is a song that relates to me a lot . i have it on my mp3 player
just another band that couldn't write an original song if their life depended on it . stay away ! very far away if you like diversity in your music .
love it . i really only have to say that but i especially love the beginning part of the song , it's so funny !
this is a great song to listen to when you are down . good work out song too . very clear and i like it alot thanks
creepin on ah come up ! this is one of the greatest albums made by bone thugs , check it out or buy it !
a great song to blast in your car or to put on when you cleaning . fun and fast and makes you wanna dance !
all the songs are lovely and fun to sing along to ! i imagine blasting this album outside during a bbq once summer comes :)
if you like country you will love this song , he has a very nice voice with words that capture the listener .
why can't rap be as good as it was in the 90 ' s ? ! this was one of the best videos anyone from da wu had !
i can't stop listening to these songs ( especially 3,4 , 5,6 , 9 and 12 ) . help me .
one of dance's classiest discs , jay kay makes everything ok with his most triumphant recording blending many genres to cater to horn-heads .
take me to bruno sing the the tunes until your toes crul may he always pound his chest clean or explicit boo ya just sayin
an astonishing work of art .. this album convince me that this man is one of the best pop artist from england ... his music is breathtaking .
it's now or never . it's a dance / pop song ... outasight may get popular ... but he has to do music like his 2 hits .
this is the most herendous album i have heard this year . a total waste of money . a shame this was put out .
a nice addition to the standard christmas music on my ipod . one track that will definitely get plenty of play .
what a scorching followup album from the lads . there is alot to like on this album .
she has a beautiful voice and amazingly free at the time . it has great lyrics and is very thought provoking .
i have loved the as a tape and wanted it as a cd . it arrived on time and in the condition it was described as . thanks
" come to believe that i better not leave before i get my chance to ride . " snow ( hey oh )
nothing spectacular here , just a thoroughly enjoyable pop / new wave / synth / whatever offering from an outfit that probably deserved more attention . definitely worth getting .
a good late 70s early 80s cd . reminds on of early mtv . good mix , great sound
the chef is cooking on this one . he has better albums and verses but this album nevertheless is still a great one !
love this cd and all the songs on it . i would definitely buy it again . i highly recommend this cd .
what a terrific album . it was 1972 . what a year that was ...
not exactly what i thought it would be , but at least it was free . guess you really do get what you pay for .
this cd is great , all the beats are catchy and the lyrics are great , theres not one bad or ok song on here , its a perfect score
fell in love with this song the moment i heard it on vh1 morning show ! had to have it !
this is my first time listening to tiesto's music ... one word to describe it-brilliant .. especially the second track - the collaboration with bt ...
this is one of my favorite songs and i love it . i would recommend this to everyone and i listen to it all the time .
something about islandy tropical instruments playing christmas music just makes me feels all warm and fuzzy inside like watching lampoon's christmas vacation
this album sucks to bad it defies words ... avoid ! young jeezy ... lol thats enough of a warning .
... when your speakers break out into a cold sweat , shoot , you know you on to somethin ' ...
gotta love this combo they are just magical together ! sometime a song just fits the mood and alot of the time this one hits the spot !
not a huge miley cyrus fan but loved this song :-) perfect for singing along to in the car :-)
what can u say . it's a greatest hits album all of ice cube's greatest songs are on it . ( ... )
john denver never fails to deliver wonderful songs and wonderful words . i'm sorry he is dead .
i like this crew but the disc is lacking.peep afroman and rap with a live funk band . reppin the streetteam
i don't think this is remastered.it does not sound that way . i'm an audiophile . i love black moses , wish for a real remaster with better sound .
the slighty off-beat nature of owl city and the strong pop influence of carly rae jepsen come together well in this fun tune .
yeah best album ever made if you like bad music . money goin ' down the drain with this one ...
i've always liked elton john's music . i have the original lp of breaking hearts . it was one of my favorites . great music , great memories .
i got this as a free download and let me say it is on every playlist create . worth the buy
this is an addictive song especially for zumba . i can't stop dancing to it . this is a song you can really move to and love doing it .
love everything about this song love it ! ! get quality in the download no problems with sound or volume . order it !
david wilde brought it in and played it and it has a great george harrison vibe to it.worth purchasing if you are a harrison fan .
beats alone 5 lyrics aren't all that but if you like dipset you'll like it
one of the best mastered sacd's in my collection , which is quite large . this music will never sound old to me .
i really like everything this dude puts out ... everything he puts out is quality r & b . jus my opinion .
this had many songs i did not have . they are the originals as far as i can tell . great value .
more good things from war . this is a must album for those interested in this era of music . a must have for your collection .
this is a song that me and my mom here whenever we are driving in the car together . it is very cute and fun .
these were free songs amazon gave away during the christmas season in 2013 . these were good christmas songs and they were free ! thanks amazon !
love this song would recommend it and i listen to it all the time .
this song is cool like ice and slower but with a beat that grabs you and makes you want to hear more .
i had the album when it first came out , i thought it was great then and i feel it is still a classic piece of music now !
this is the banging out best version of the star spangled banner ! awesome kick butt version ! ! god bless our america <3
has a few album-fillers but also very good .. some nice raw rap ... different style and i lvoe his voice . buy this album
listening to these lyrics is one of the most enjoyable parts of the song . how many people could bring in crappy purple scion to a song ? ? ?
this is a roll your windows down and crank up the sound kinda song . simply it is a fun song .
norah is the queen of mellow , calming music . thank you for providing us with music worth a listen .
there are a bunch of songs you'll recognize from the radio on this one disc . it's really great for the christmas spirit .
good sound they have some issues to work out . some of their songs are very chopped up , and out of tune .
damn this girl has soul ... shes beautiful and also shes a wonderful singer ... great cd ... worth every cent you pay for
it's good aerosmith , much better than the " armaggedon " days aerosmith ... that doesn't mean this album is so perfect .
some of the hits are so classic , i have missed singing them and remembering times and the others are new and a bit forgettable .
this is just another flash in the pan meat loaf album . to this dat all you need from meat loaf is boh .
thug world order is a good attempt to reglorify themselves , but it doesn't show any improvement or any growth . average album .
i had not heard this song before and i like all of blondie's songs , so i bought this to add to my collection .
bad effort by rush . a iron maiden , van halen , def leppard , ozzy and others artists , they just can't be so great anymore .
... ever ? maybe ... i like the idea of taking from the past to write this new one . now i need to see the movie ...
billy joel had a streak of great albums and this ranks up there with all of them . only eight songs but some are minor classics .
this is such a awesome cd , there are only 6 songs , but it is so great to kick back to ... , it's that good ...
love this song , it is one of my favorites , could listen to it over and over , would recommend it . it downloaded without problems .
i wanted some young bloodz to listen to n i love this album .. everything arrived fast n in good shape .. thanks a lot guys ..
that ` s the best album of the best rapper . the intro is incredible .
elo being mostly 70s dynamic people time secret messages & armchair theatre solo are the only worthwhile stuff power turns empty once you pass the so serious track
glad to have gotten this off the 69 cent song list . coldplay produces great songs with soaring orchestrial music and great lyrics .
a beautiful collection of alison krauss . if you only have one cd of hers ... this is the one to have ! absolutely beautiful !
this one was o . k . but 4get this one , and go pick up his " doggystyle " now go cop that !
i bought this miley cyrus song " wrecking ball " in mp3 format , and i have to say that i thought it sounds very good .
this is an excellent cd for fans to buy it's a great cd with cool songs , the quality of sound is excellent also
this band is on top of there game with this album.it is a real struggle to get the haunting melodies and lyrics out of my head
collins or genesis fans this is a must have . on mp3 it goes anywhere and relive fond memories of those past times
i think this cd has more life than my own self and it doesn't even have a heart or a flesh .
continuum was the third album from john mayer a great guitarist.this album features some great guitar solos along with some awesome songs.this cd is great and is highly recommended .
nice lyrics , pretty girl and a nice vocal range shown . ^ _ ^ b4 stars .
this album was quite different , but just as excellent in a different way . more poetic i think . excellent seller , too , no problems at all .
i like this song its very upbeat and lively . it is definetly a feel good song and fun to listen to !
it's too smooth , the pleasurable edge of power + glory or octopus is missing .
what a great song this is ! kelly has done it again ! love the quality and melody ! her star continues to rise with music like this !
this album is tyght , well put together , nice songs , most o them soft beats , give u a relax feeling , way better than da baby album
phenomenal , beautiful and inspiring ! she only gets better ! thank you , sara ! your gift is one of a kind ! ! ! thanks !
jay-z kills it on dear summer . the rest of the album shows you why memphis bleek is the next in line to jay-z . awesome , awesome stuff .
every track on here is gangsta and real . this is a good cd to have in your collection .
reverse this purchase-never ordered it - waste of time for me this morning . take it off . i will never recommend amazon kindle to anyone .
i got this very cheap at a record shop and play it all the time , . if you are new to devo this is a good start .
this is my favorite simon & garfunkel album . and bridge over troubled water is my favorite cut . they are just so good !
i added this song which i heard on the radio . great song to listen to when i am working on my books .
i can't help but love this sappy love song . it's melody is beautiful even if a little melodramatic at times .
a must for any brooks & dunn fan . you may have all the songs on other cds , but there are several new songs on this collection .
the jacksons did a great job on this cd / album , in fact , the title , triumph , is fitting !
2 stars for the solo in jump , the riff in panama and the tapping at the start of hot for teacher . the rest of the album sucks .
aside from dancing queen & fernando there wasn't much to abba.formula production & music.catchy but forgettable for the most part .
love the tune to this great song ! it's a song you want to hear over and over again . great song ! ! osslady
really enjoyed this one as well ! ! hope they keep making great music . they have good energy together and that accounts for a lot .
i have liked this song since 50 first dates its a good song but u have to be in the mood for it
i could not pass up the $ . 25 price tag on this song . i probably would not have bought it otherwise . it may come in handy .
this is the only cd where you will get the guitar solo instead of the sax solo in the coda .
havoc still handles his lyrical responsibilities superbly on this album . the production gets a little more shine this go around ... especially on quiet storm ...
another solid album from imagine dragons . fun to listen to , especially while driving . i don't think you'll be disappointed with this album .
a well re-mastered cd . plus great bonus tracks too . the songs sound great . you cannot go wrong with hall and oates !
i've enjoyed nine inch nails for well over 20 years now and it's great to see that the amazing music just doesn't end .
if you like this guy and can only afford one album , this is the one to have . five charting hits !
this is one of his great albums i enjoyed . i am glad to get this one . this is for any fan of his music .
come on everyone loves this song . yes it's a great copy no problems loading or anything . sometimes i wish the kindle played just a little bit louder .
then i listened to it and had to add it to my playlist . this is a great song for any mood .
great album . prince really writes some great songs for this album . this is a must have if you are a fan of prince .
this is a nice album here . the songs on here are very easy listening r & b . the music is smooth and sweet .
5 mics 5 stars 5 hearts cause mad love to big up in heaven ! ! !
the best cd from the greatest guitarist who ever lived . shame on you if you don't own it .
this sweet little earworm is reminiscent of a bluegrassy mazzy star or maybe a country-fried ( and american ! ) soap kills . gorgeous . makes me wanna waltz
the box set is great , had the best singles ever from the 81 - 85 period , cool purchase and was cheap ! !
five stars for quality sound . the clear recording is easy to hear . used to listen to the piece before learning to play . all ages would enjoy .
i thought this album was ok . i enjoyed a few songs , but was mainly disappointed . sample it before you buy it !
this isn't their best work , but the whispers haven't made a bad one yet . the slow jams here are working .
i really enjoyed listening to this song , i would suggest listening to this song . i'm getting this artist other songs also .
easily listening and great vocals . the auto-rip feature on select albums saves a lot of time , though it does give you an additional review to post .
so simple.the buildup.the repetition.the layers.the deeper meanings in my life.it gets me going and excited . i love it .
lauper's version of this classic christmas track is well done.perhaps it's not the most versatile , or passionate version out therebut still ~ it's very good ,
there one of the best groups in the world and what i and my family have grown up on so i would definetly recommend to friends .
pick your ear chances are that little piece of ear wax has more talent than limp ( post 3dollabillyall )
this is an excellent cd by enigma . it has great sounds effects and very intriguing music . i would highly recommend it for old and new enigma fans !
i'm changing my original rating from 5s to 2s . this is not a very good cd . i thought it was boring .
great album when it came out great now , the warning video ive seen , still a good buy for young cats not up on b . i . g
very introspective ... a true classic from the late , great shakur . what more can i say ?
i have not heard his songs in years . enjoyed hearing these and will have to find some of his genesis work to round out my collection .
nothing amazing but a good listen . worth picking up and i'm sure if it's from your time period it's really great .
this song is awesome . chrisitina has a beautiful voice and the words are perfect . you can't go wrong with this one .
the rell joint is phenomenal ... jay z massacred everything he touched . yet ... everything submitted after siw makes the soundtrack sort of average ...
maybe lauryn shouldve worried more about how bad her voice sounds than playing guitar at the level of an 8 year old .
i like the concept of the album , clashing personalities and an internal struggle . he pulled it off nicely too , definitly check this album out .
another outstanding album created by the great gordon lightfoot . this cd is filled with thoroughly enjoyable music . i am constantly returning to listen to this great work .
this cd is good because she sings with real good ppl , and the duets are amazing . very great album . 4/5
one of jazz's more fiery blowers excelled at delivering vibrantly funky night music for lovers during his 70 ' s heyday .
great song to work out to and for parties . i enjoy listening to psy and it has a unique flare .
t . i . sucks , he knows the best outta the south is luda . he needs to stop rappin , don't buy this cd
this album brings back memories ... i can almost instantly remember where i was when this album came out . music is the soundtrack to life !
i like eric benet and enjoy this cd . i don't skip any of the songs .
very good cd . if you like muse's cd absolution you will also like this one
i just can't help myself . this smog is just too catchy . it is awful yet wonderful at the same time .
i love this song by katy perry she is one of my favorites and this song is amazing she did an awesome job on singing it .
album - generic flipper well , what's to say , it's flipper . you're either going to hate them or hate them . yeah , that's clean .
this cd adheres to the artsy yet austere garage twang , trad mariachi and drifting experimental lounge jazz found on calexico's previous albums .
this almost seems to be drawn from einstein's worst fear . the triumph of technology over the human senses . you can't make this stuff up .
i am advancing to the rear , going back in time to listen to music that makes me smile and not injure my ears .
when vinyl albums almost became obsolete i really missed listening to elton john , so happy to have this again in my music collection .
cameo is great , but this album overlooks ' hangin ' downtown ' . cameo did great funk dance songs but also some great funky ballads too .
nas is hot on this cd . i would rate it up top as one of his best ! ! !
this is one of my more favorite bruno mars songs . it's delightful and sweet . this would be a good song to play during a marriage proposal .
fast lines , emotionalthese guys are good " i'm just a little unwell ... " a teenage theme songabout mixed up feelings
this cd is worth the purchase for " joy " and " before i let u go " alone . everytime i hear joy , my skin tingles
i heard this song and it was like o yeah , i can jam to that . like it alot !
worked perfectly and wonderfully ! i love this album so much . it's in great condition , and i listen to it often .
is there love in space is a great album by one of the greatest guitarist of all time .
i love free music and cyndi lauper , so a combination of the two is a great idea . love it amazon !
quite simply an amazing album . intelligent , humorous , and fun ! strobelite honey is a classic track - so funny and clever !
busta obviously lost his inspiration . only 2 good songs on this one and 1 is marginal . the only true good song is decision .
kurupt is one hell of a rapper he is dope and his beats are tight . something to lay back and some a fattie to ! dpgc for life
if you enjoyed their first album , pretenders ii will not disappoint ! there's no sophomore slump here . for any pretenders fan , this is a must have !
toni braxton is one of the best . her voice is unmatched . this is the kind of stuff you light candles too .
one of his earlier albums old school gangsta music . a must have for any 90 ' s gangsta rap child . east bay !
the bnh weren't the same without her , wish i could get back my cd from a friend who borrowed it more than 10 years ago lol
love my buffett , i can listen to his music all day long , i just shuffle it around and let it go again
definitely the most disappointing of all of the wu albums . even if you are a wu fan , this is an album you can pass on ...
great condition and greatest bon jovi cd ever . had one but it got old and scratched and i couldn't enjoy it . nice to have it back again .
i love this cd , have listened to it over and over and over for weeks ! ! ! i would recommend this cd to everyone !
i couldnt find a single song that i enjoyed or could listen to fully ! ! ! f #ck this @sshole for putting out such garbage
mostly crappy . has three good songs . beatiful , from tha chuuch to da palace and what i need f / luda and goldie loc
soy fanatico de los buenos vinilos y este es uno de ellos.el disco llego muy rapido y en exelentes condiciones , se recomienda al vendedor
aic's best and it sounds exactally like every other aic album ... problem is aic are not a good band and have yet to release a decent album ...
another album for my collection , sounds great and has all the songs i was looking for . nice to listen to and go back in time with .
this is a great example of the often-overlooked " americana " genre.excellent in every respect , you won't be disappointed .
i love the new album by 2pac and its one of the best ones since he passed away
this isn't so good i recommedn you to get real thing ! there's great lyrics but the melodies are boring !
good album from one of the more prominent old school rappers , who is still around .
this is the only song i like by this group but its a good one . i hope they come out with some more similar to this one .
best christian screamo record ever ! it also contains the most religion as far as lyrics , and doesn't ever move away from talking about jesus or christianity .
just another run of the mill teenager depressing whine feat from aic . sucked then sucks now nothing special move on ... , .
i had this album in lp form and it is the best album by the artist . it's still as great as i remembered
this is a great cd for anyone ! great to give as a gift or purchase for yourself to listen to over and over !
this got me to throw away my johnny cougar and eagles albums and into rock with a folk / country feel . this is his best in my opinion .
you can still bounce to this ! ! ! or relax to this ... try this one out .
i had this album years ago and always been an eagles fan so i wanted to get the cd of it .
i bought this because ' bloom ' was so magical . i was not disapointed . soooo glad this album has become part of my life .
i expected their greatest album ever , and instead got a somewhat decent album . these guys really need to kick it up a notch .
honestly , i think i got this one for free , and as a music lover who also loves a good deal , free was the right price !
under rug swept and beyond alanis sucks . before under rug she was awesome . this new album sounds like avril ... shameful ! ! !
i was afraid that old dirty was going off the deep end , but i didn't expecty him to go this far off ..
omg such a great voice so sexy and such a great song this is the song you hope everyone of your ex's sing in their head after you break up
i read that this was album voted number one for 2012 so i bought it . it does not disappoint . the sound is amazing .
bought this for my daughter who loves this group . it's a great collection of their music and i enjoy it , too .
this album was horrible . if it wasn't for the " anything " track by jay-z this album probably wouldn't have sold .
this is emmylou harris at her very best . there isn't a bad track on the album .
i have this on cd and mistakenly ordered it from amazon cloud i guess-i don't need it three times ! please reverse i will not pay !
thank you amazon.com for letting me record and download music from this great gaelic music cd it was well woth the effort thanks to the amazon.com cloud player
this album was good but shyne needs to come out wit an album dat has more tracks on it .
i chose this song because i love the words of the song and this song goes along with my personality and i feel like dancing , too .
i really enjoyed listening to this song , i would suggest listening to this song . i'm getting other songs by this artist .
what moron calls this pop ? pop is backstreet boysthis is rock n roll with humor and its greatthey entire band is talented.and moron , led zeppelin was blues .
song for the interested . it has a decent rhythm and a good beat . it it a song that you need to listen to decide on purchase .
didn't bond that much with this guy , perhaps a little soft for mytastes , just didn't replay it alot , and have not listened in months
just like the old days of driving to the beach with the 8 track playing . takes me back to a nice place
whether or not a cat stevens follower , this cd is delightfully mixed of some songs not often heard by him . i love all of his music !
you will learn and sing the songs that are on this record , buy it !
this album is brilliant and the coverart is fantastic ! i love the music and the look and feel of this album .
unfortunately , i only got to listen this cd partially , but what i heard was good . will surely listen more and it is on my truck list .
this is a great cd by expose one of their best along with exposure . i highly recommend it for old and new expose fans !
no one singer dominates any song , though i think linda has the superior voice . and their harmonies are excellent.emily lou harris is demure as usual .
mariah has that voice you can't copy , all the music are her hits so its worth the money a + music
i like pharrell williams and really like this one . i love the beat and i like to dance so this one makes me want to dance .
they have continued on from the english beat tradition.everything on here is super well performed , it can only be the changing of an era ...
alabama shakes is on this sampler and they're become pretty big these days so scoing one of their songs for free , i think is a sweet deal .
i like it . played it several times since downloading . life is beautiful = good music to sing along with in the car .
the is a good folksy cd with a number of good songs . great harmonies and lyrics . my first try of this band and i wound buy more
for her fans this is terrific . great voice , great songs and you will enjoy immensely . also for gifts to friends
i have heard this song on the radio and not that long ago i hear this song on a tv show .
and definitely not my last . came to porcupine tree via steven wilson's great 2013 album and will not stop here . love it .
this is perfection . if you really like music ( be it classic , metal , jazz , hardcore , rap , whatever ) you'll love this one .
love this song , love this movie love disney and all it is , so happy to have this on my music device
this is just awful . words can not express how much i hate this man and his " music " . not worth your time or money .
i accidentally downloaded this song twice , which sucks . the song is great , but i wish amazon would do something more about notifying customers about double purchases .
you can't go wrong with a cold play song . they have music that is un-comparable to other groups . good song
this is cute dance music from gay twins . not that the gender matters , this cd really makes no political statements .
diana shows she still has that terrific voice . some catchy tunes , and some good vocals from diana . i would recommend this cd !
an oldie but a goodie . this is classic diana ross . there are too many favorites to mention . couldnt ' get better .
this one is a great one to get if you like her bed time stores album . this is for any fan of hers .
nice album by george benson that is smooth sounding and allows one to lean back , relax , get into the rhythm and flow away
i was hoping for more on this album and it seem i really only liked the safe and sound song
jay is the illest , what got me on this album was so ghetto it was a classic and i dont care what the world thinks
i really enjoyed this ! love holiday music and would recommend it to friends , family and others , great sounding easy listening and very clear !
hadn't heard it before and when i did i liked it ... i've always liked blondie and their hits since day one .
i love this song and pl ; ay it all the time , amazon is the only place i get my music ! ! !
i don't have any more to write about this piece of trash.this isn't hip hop , this is a disgrace .
some new-new classic southern hip hop ... jus press play and let it ride on out yall ...
if you can get past his anoying chant of we da best every song then it's dope !
it was great hearing his voices in different music and movies . collins is still the greatest music writer . thanks phll
this was ok but not something i really would spend a lot of money on . it could have been much better .
fun is a good band , and they have some really great songs ; especially this one . i would definitely get this
mary is my girl . this cd is a must have . i love it .
makes you wonder why they broke up the duo when they could make such beautiful music together . the harmonies art garfunkle lends to the music are priceless !
my daughter got me to listen to this . i wanted to own it and how i do . it is fun
this song is on the rage and well we just had to add it to the playlist . it uploaded very nicely and plays well . must have .
surprisingly , i'm feeling juelz . i'm not your typical hip hop fan , but not bad . definitely 4 stars .
in the case of hot buttered soul , less is truly more.and the remastered quality is awesome ! great price , you can't beat it .
takes me back to thos hot summer days driving to the beach listening to jb on the 8 track yeah ! ! !
eclectic and slow , but funky and fun.definately buy this if you like pink floyd - piper at the gates of dawn
i love this entire cd , i love this entire cd . what more can i say .
nice and mellow beats this time none of that loud , and to smahed sound .
this song good and i got it free . if you get the chance take a listen , you may like it .
i still have this tape , plus tha words on tha tape , is no longer there ! ' '
soemwhere between good and ho hum . sorry . i wanted to liek this but it is just run of the mill .
excellent ! i love this cd because , he had 2 but , i have one for all ! great music for everybody , i said !
allison krauss has a really amazing voice and sound . good band . easy listening , easy humming and easy to sing along .
regardless of what you think about her actions lately . miley cyrus can sing ! she's not a kid anymore and she wants everyone to know it ! !
beautiful vocals , the music is so wonderfully written . had only heard the single pompeii but the rest of the album is equally strong . love this album !
this is a almost new cd by a guy whose been putting out some great music for a long time . and i like it ! ! !
all hail this paris duo . they lost their way after this but homeworkis izmo the best dance album ever . underworld and homework is all u need .
moderately enduring trip-hop which prides itself on accessible diversity is a well deserved hit , if slightly consistent in providing less than breathtaking competence .
i have alway's liked this guy's music.he has a great voice.every song is good on this recording . i think it is his best one yet .
i started collecting his cd's recently and now i'm a huge fan ! i love that he can go from ballad to blues to any other style seamlessly !
i love all these new artist on amazonplies song with the dream is hotand tiec tocc's frozen song i loveand the dreams & jamie foxx blame itgreat music
why do people all diss on ashanti ? i am not a big fan , but i think this is a nice cd go pick on britney spears
not a fan of the new sound . they used to be the second coming of the pogues , now they sound like many bands .
great music ... so happy to add this to my library . have always enjoyed the music from simon & garfunkel ... great harmony , great singing voices .
this song is catchy , i don't understand the explicit part except for the first few seconds where he swears which is dumb and unnecessary .
the title track is good and fopp is a heavy rocking classic and smoking , and can't 4get the sweet sticky thing pure funkjazz love this 2disday .
this is by far there best work . they were more creative sounding on this album . stand out songs the hurting , change .
this is a happy tune . i can almost smell the orange blossoms every time that i play it .. nice job .
love this cd . good all the way through . so glad there are still some real singers who sing real music out here .
if you like to rawk you will love this album as it does indeed rawk most mightily verily thus . if you don't , you won't .
another mix of fun and greatness from the athenian clan ! thank you for this lp ! ! !
dmx is an animal abuser . don't buy this album and boycott def jam records until they stop glamorizing dog fighting with albums like this .
this album is called the gift and the curse but the whole thing is a gift in my book . amazing album .
this song is fun to listen to , the lyrics are a little gloomy but i don't mind it's mostly about marriage and devotion .
wishing on a star , ooh boy and do your dance ( my favorite ) make this album a 1970 ' s soul classic ! ! !
yo , i be jamn to diz song yo . it bez my jam and all . i be showg diz to my friendz
the final cut on this cd alone makes it a must-have ! brian's vocals and songwriting are wonderful - he's a treasure !
this is a very deep album . eminem makes me feel like im there with him and what he went through . wonderful and beautiful album
nothing complicated about her music ... just great to listen to and i never get bored of her voice or sound .
just cop it . thats all i can tell you really.black rob is the best person in bad boy atm .
a lovely album that reveals a broad range of musical influences and mastery , an infectious youthful idealism and totally delectable grooves.this voice is a treasure .
buy it for hey ya ! i just luv that song.of course , the other songs on this collection are good , but nothing can compare to hey ya !
i love this song that kelly clarkson does . i had heard of this song a few years ago but now i can put it on my player .
can't believe this is by big bad voodoo daddy . theydid a great job on this song . i just bought the one song , not the album .
very good album . some people think it is the better thing ever recorded over the face of the earth . i respectfully disagree ..
i like this album , not as much as liquid swords but there are some really dope cuts on this record too .
i have this song on instant replay - this is my wake up driving to work song . i'm friends with the monster !
i love the catalyst . beyond that , i feel like this album requires a little more intensive listening to get into it .
mystical , psychedelic rock perfection transmuted through a genius who was here for only so long , but left a profound , everlasting art .
steely dan is so awesome , there has never been such an orginal group.this is a classic set of music .
the song and video are impressive and well done , it's the lip-dubs that really show the beauty of the songget the song and album then watch the videos
george clinton leads his detroit crew of extraterrestrial brothers through a visionary album of science-fiction funk on jams such as " supergroovalisticproifunkstrication " and " give up the funk "
this is a good compilation of the harry nilsson songs i was looking for . so that's all i have to say about that .
i got this album as a gift . thank goodness cause all the tracks on the album is bad . very bad . it's unlistenable .
bruce springsteen is one of the most dynamic performers in rock and roll today . i love him , and everything he produces .
yeah . a good album by snoop dogg . favourite tracks are : snoofelaa and g bed time stories .
a great sounding cd and although it has some great songs , as a whole not my favorite album by them .
this is a terrible album ! the riffs are bad and the lyrics are bad ! there's better albums ! try somethin ' like led zeppelin !
classic album . although , the songs tend to be long the arrangements are really brilliant . and , after all ... these folks are really playing .
the music is really good . there are several tunes on this cd that will bring back memories form your formative years .
delightful movie with a great theme , perfect for families . brilliant animation and fast fun pace . you will be smiling all the way to the end .
all i can say is ms . carey is a musical epiphany . i crown her ... " most perservering singer "
eagles greates hits - classic - never tired of listening to this album . buy it - you will not be disappointed .
fan of demi's and i like this song . it's catchy , clever and fun . good to listen to wherever you go
.. and i like her . this album is still my daily dose of affirmation to get through the day . thanks jill .
another good song . it downloaded fast and sounds great . i listen to it all the time and it puts me in a good mood .
this is a great album which my wife and i both listen to on ur car cd player very often .
what a voice candi staton had ; i initially just bought this cd for " young hearts run free " but enjoy most of the others songs as well .
very good song , downloaded without any problems , love it , would recommend this song to anyone . i listen to this song all the time .
love any thing he sings makes your heart melts great cd love all the songs need to add this to your cd collection
if you're a country rocker this one's for you . these guys are talented , and the music is toe-tapping .
this is a nice compilation of tunes that benson has put his brand on , they go down smooth , put you in the mood for love and relaxation .
good price , good options on amazon without buying a whole cd , especially when sometimes you only like one or two songs on a cd .
this is an awesome cd , totally recommend this to any one that likes ice cube and all of his greatest hits .
unimpressed with the production and guest rappers . love pac always , but he can't really dis nas since pac himself never made an album as good as illmatic .
" hearsay " and " never knew love like this " are the standouts on this disc . four stars ! !
this is dmx's best album . it has some dmx hits such as who we be . this album is awesome . one of the best albums of all time
... bruno has written another great song . quite the earworm ... however a bit too much like the police ... otherwise , i would give it 5 stars .
and i repeat , fantastic and fun ! ps . track 8 is a little difficult to enjoy .
rickie lee jones album is still relevant after all these years . her style should be studied by present female vocalists looking to do a lot with less .
sorry , but this is exactly the kind of cd that i can't hear . i just don't like it , really horrible !
absolutely the best of the best with astonishing digital remaster grab it now .. i love it ! ! !
electronica . the music is well done , but the voices and their intonations are weird . it's still a lot of fun .
get the jb's double cd set for all these jams and plus extra funk goodies from jb , fred , maceo and the rest of the godfather's disciples .
this is the classic music is fun to listen to at this season and the free music as a neat way to meet new artists .
what can be said that has'nt been said before.its deep purple with extras.buy it and enjoy.turn it up loud ... support your favorite artists .
jennifer hudson became a star after american idol . this is her first cd . particular favorites are stoplight , also and i'm telling you i am not going .
i love this album . such a refreshing sound . love that they write their own music . been on repeat ever since i purchased it .
great album , i love tiesto and i have all cd's since the begining , i recommend this excelente cd for everyone ! !
ruben could have done better on this album.this album is awful.none of the songs on there seem to fit his style . i rate this albmu 1 star .
taken from the original masters without adding any bonus tracts . thank you for keeping it original . it takes me back ...
i wouldn't have bought it . not bad . not my favorite rendition of this song . thanks for the free christmas song , amazon !
alive is really in sink with the rest of the daft punk classics . you can make this your theme album and have dance parties every weekend .
i enjoy this song it's so upbeat and pretty happy . it doesn't seem like it's really raunchy or bad so i enjoy that part of it .
aunque no soy muy fan de shakira me gusto este cd todas las canciones estan suaves y espero que el volumen 2 este igual o mejor que este
i gave this cd five stars because it's really good . three days grace's music usually doesn't disappoint . their newer cds are even better !
this is my first album of hers , and i was looking for something i could sing along with . she's right in my range , love her !
i love some songs on the cd and others have to grow on you overall it is a good album it just has to grow on you over time
does anyone know if she is related to the adult video actor tony tedeschi ?
this cd is ok but not as hardcore when he started.my fav track is " cash money millionaires " . this still worth yo money though .
the movie " walk the line " sparked my interest in the music of johnny cash and i have not been disappointed in the least .
this cd is classic and he only gets better and better as he makes more cds so buy them all .
yep.and anyone with the name sharif elgamal is an effing retard . who picks 1-4 lines from a song and says " look at tese lyrikz ! ! ! "
i listen to a variety of music and when i came across this one on the mp3 list , i really liked it .
ate goes simple , this is a good thing . a nice laid back sound . a good third album . not as expansive as the previous albums .
i enjoy his stuff since my father got me in to it . this one is for any fan of his .
... but you also have to admit that the front and back covers are probably the most erotic ever . yes , i'd give it up !
i'm a fan of bruno mars and just love listening to his music . this is great to listen to as your cleaning the house
this is a live album supreme , with a horn section out of this world . if you don't have this album you are missing something nice .
it took me forever to find out what this song is or who the artist was , but it is a great song !
i absolutely love this song it is great and makes a good addition to my christmas collection , i definitely recommend ...
this album is tight . my favorite track id " da wiggy " this track is hot . this will be a classic album .
outasight is an obscure musician , but the music is enjoyable . i wanted something to listen to while i exercise . this fit the bill .
the purchase was ok but it took a little longer to download but overall a good job by you amazon
every lp of his solo career is great music . he was the lead for genesis , then went on a great solo career .
this album is full of cuts off his first album . i dont think that an album full of cuts is going to do too hot .
title song is the best on here anyway mtume spokwe out against sampling and ironic he founded the rap group cosmic slop shop plus he's been sampled himself .
great tracks , great production and jada spittin with fire ! always been a fan of his , styles p , sheek louch and d block
i never actually liked cypress hill until i purchased this album . this album just is so great , i like every single song in it , a must-buy
well i vibed to this music for a while , but i found the lyrics decent , and kind of gross , oh well
things begin to diverge on this album from their previous . i like some of the harder stuff . identity starts to take shape .
cube never lets me down ... ever this is a must own for ice cube fans and fans of real hip hop .
i really enjoyed kate's follow-up album . her voice is pretty true and honest . songs are artists own which ends up making her a complete package .
at last is still one of the finest recordings ever ! chilling vocals that get under your skin and stay there . etta at her best !
allison krauss is truly talented and easy to hear very easy listening music . highly recommended . thank you . thank you much
this may not be a helpful review but this is in ways is better than apologies .
i listen to his stuff and visualize my travels through europe , the mediterranean and the middle east . cohen is a jewish prophet , no doubt about it .
i used to be into evanessence and this group seems similar . i don't know about the rest of the album but i'll give a listen
miles and gil evans - a formidable duo in any setting . this album is as lyrical as it gets . and the best instrumental rendition of summertime ever
i'm not disappointed by any metric album , and i don't think you will be either . solid album among many others .
when you listen to dreck like this , you realize how great muse is.no wonder the guitar player killed himself !
not as good as the first , but it's an ok cd . i think this will be one of those cd's that has to grow on me .
seems like forever that they have been around bought for my 16 year old daughter that speaks for itself rest in peace duane
blackberry smoke continues to mature in their music . a wonderful album from a group that continues the outlaw rock / bluegrass tradition !
love this album since i was a boy growing up in corpus christi , still love it today . jimmy buffet's finest work imho
" generation undecided " clear voice with yeah ... endings like mariah careynot as high pitched , thoughabout love and staying together
there were some very nice songs off of this recording . phyllis layed it down once again . songs like " the answer is you " are timeless .
jay-z has done it this guy , with this great album it will blow you away , feminem what are you doing now ?
we don't speak of this because of the feds , irs and the sec.that governor from alaska knows what it's all about.go mccain
this one is really good , i'm glad i got it , it's on my play list and it's a every day play !
songs from the west coast was excellent.this one isn't . maybe he tried too hard this time .
great album from cmw . grown up , mike t , g shout out , def wish ... just great work from eiht hype & mike t .
this is a compaltion of all there tunes you will hear eery hour on most classic hits station . the eagles were awesome and this captures their best stuff .
you cant rate this ... its self explanatory its god given his best album ever ... the whole album is dope just put it on and groove .
this song is amazing and so much fun . i've known about it for months and it's still not old to me ! i love it ! :)
this is the old fantasia , that i loved . she was timid but strong and that's why i gave her five stars .
keisha is a total package.forgive me for overstating her but this album is the bomb.the only problem is that she bashes dudes one 2 many times on her songs
coheed and cambria's neverending saga set to prog-rock music that sounds more and more like rush gets more and more annoying each album .
this cd is the bomb biggidy . every single track from start to finish is amazing . this cd is definitly worth buying
this cd was my introduction to the songs of tim buckley and big star . howard devoto's vocal perfomance on holocaust is just plain brilliant . intense and sad .
this is such a wonderful record , if you don't have this go for it .
this cd has all his greatest music and the quality is good . the case was cracked but it's ok i can live with it .
this is one good album , with some great songs like , hello new world , ride around shining , trill momma im so sorrt are the good hits
classic ! the pied piper of r & b ! one of the best to ever get on the mic ! nothing else to be said !
washes of muddled romanticism that have more in common with the kitsch of sigur rs or coldplay than the bard's vagueness would suggest .
this cd contains all the hits by cb . must have for the history of rock and roll .
again hall and oates are just as great on cd . the originals are of course the best but this is certainly great quality for a cd .
i purchased this for my teenager who seems to love it . i have not listened to it .
jimi is still the best guitar player that i recognize , this is a new stuff from old sessions , a tribute for the love and passion .
if you feel dmx then you will love this.that ' s all that needs to be said .
i purchased this song as an mp3 ( because i always enjoyed it so much ) and i am very happy with it !
" off the chain " is a good club song , and i think the albumis the same . i think that anyone with like this album .
dated trip-hop is neither offensively out of style or retroactively radical but instead merely offers a humble signpost to the blossoming sub-genre over a decade ago .
i like these cd that he has in amazon we really like his singingand you can to like him
this is jewel's first cd and i enjoyed it especially foolish games and you were meant for me . i can't wait for her latest .
this is a good first tupac album it is not his best but if your a big tupac fan you should get your copy
john mayer sucks ... this long haired image he's trying to pull of now with this sissy pop princess guitar playing is embrassing . hit the road square .
good cd . no limit's best snoop cd . buy it . its worth it .
great cd one of his best every one needs to get this cd one of his best add this to your colection
absolutely despise this song . for my taste in music , this one stinks . had to delete from my playlist and delete from my machine .
i got this one for my mother . she likes this song of there's for a long time and i do as well .
the two best songs on this album are round here and a * * * i knew , these two songs alone make this album worth buying .
i kept hearing these songs on the radio and decided to purchase it so i could play it at my pleasure .
only rihanna can stay in my brain this stays with you up your spine and down booya just sayin or stay___in
70 ' s timeless classics that will remind you of when you were young and will get you to move in your seat as well .
you know how you pick at the skin of a blister ? well , this song is like that ... you just want to pick it again and again .
this song has a great sound to it that you are sure to learn to love . don't pass it up .
i have to say this album is young and free sound that the jackson five have produce on many of their records .
this is a ok track ! not really one of my fav songs by them , but it is catchy . maybe blondie fans will enjoy ! !
can florence and her machine be the new pj harvey ? if this album and what i have seen of them live is any indication , more please !
nice track for a disney chick . i really liked this song from the first time i heard it . great music and voice . fun !
i think erotica is the best album of this great artist . i love every song on it , i love it totally .
there was only one hit that i did not hear . because of that i give this 4 stars instead of 5 . well worth the purchase though .
this is the best song to relay a message to someone that you want to make a point to .. muse is just awesome anyway !
sounds great on vinyl ! haven't listened to it too many times but so far i'm enjoying it . really digging jack white as of late .
he has such a unique soulful voice . this is a must buy for everyone ! from beginning to end , this cd is perfect .
easy breezy tune which hopefully gives a good indication of the album to come . here's hoping the whole thing is good ...
10cc is one of the lost wonders of the 70 ' s and i don't understand why there is not more of a groundswell of people requesting their music !
this album is the best rr album ! ! everyone drops sick verses and swizz beatz production is timeless ! ! every hip hop head needs this !
adele lends a very british offering of a bond theme ... shirley bassey should be proud . a classic theme song . perfect .
i liked joss better when he was doing buffy & angel , not tired pop songs .
this is a great song , thats why i downloaded it ! having to pay for music stinks , but since i have to pay i go to the best
when i heard this song i felt inspired and i felt like i could do anything i want when i put my mind to it
another one in the long line of line music . added to the others to create a non stop dance party
amazing song , the biggest song crazy in a while . who has not done this song ? everyone is singing it worldwide
my wife and my daughter love this song they listen to it when they work out . good song for anyone to enjoy
hubby and me like this song so every time we do some thing or go some where we lissen to the song
this cd is like bee thousand in its greatness . heck like every gbv cd .
not da besti like da junts rainbow colors , ridin spinners , and testin my gangsta but daz all ~ 1 ~
... and rap has been mucked up for years.young mc , hurry up with that comeback ! ! !
i like this song a lot . my favorite part is definitely the chorus . bruno mars is a great singer with a lot of talent .
one of his best ! they give the " pac " team more props but , they know better ! i love tupac but , i love biggie more !
donna exploring her talents as a comeback kid . you will definitely enjoy her music made to work with the queen of disco ! ! !
i kept hearing this song on the windows commercials and i had to get the song ! i was so excited when i finally found it !
whoohoo ! awesome cd ! awesome band too ! buy this cd today ! i love this cd !
after 7 is an excellant group.the hit's ready or not , and can't stop are on this disc.very good for any occasion .
this is a pretty good song but is kind of depressing but tells me to watch out in later life
had to get this song it was playing in my head for daysnow its on my player ! ! ! love this song ! !
catchy tune ... like to play it when i'm cleaning the house . not crazy about the video - rihanna you could have done better on that one .
disraeli gears is def . one of the top 10 best albums of all time.each artist a genius , each song a classic .
great cd with all of her classic songs that brings back memories of a never-forgotten era.enjoyed this ! will not disappoint .
this album has catchy songs with great lyrics . i especially love stars . grace has a great voice . not a bad song in the bunch
it's refreshing to hear a singer / songwriter succeed as she has . but it's only average to me . good but not great .
these guys should go far , i am older than a teenager and love almost every tune on the album . well done
i love their songs ! we all have demons . except them , conquer them and live life to the fullest . get it ...
i love this album , but the record was scratched and on my favorite song . kinda disappointed , but otherwise pretty good .
this song is ridiculously catchy and gets stuck in my head a lot . i had to get it so i could sing along .
this is another super fun and greatly unique album . this and the first album are rock classics with their own special appeal . the b's rock .
yet another classic that only became popular because their audience was stoned . blaring , muddy , unmusical crud .
yet another abomination by the pop rapper lil wayne . this is kiddie rap , mainstream filth for the masses of morons .
wish there were a few more songs from the handful of albums the duo produced . it is a good collection , regardless .
fun and creative cd's . her music will have you smiling and singing right along . i recommend it.writer at bellaonline
this is a great album by the legendary moody blues . all of their music is so moving . this belongs in everyone's collection !
no problem downloading . loved this song too . just makes you want to sing and dance . i love positive music . highly recommend .
i really like this band , all of their songs are fun and upbeat ! i definitely recommend buying the album , it was worth it !
this song just makes me want to get up and dance . i think anyone who collaborates with pitbull has a hit . he's a genius .
the block is hot was tight.lil ' wayne blow this album up.this man is on fire !
some excellent stevie wonder melodies . he is truly a wonder an extremely talented . each track is a pleasure to listen to . i would highly recommend it !
five stars for the clear recording and quality sound . all ages would enjoy this classical piece . used to hear the piece while learning to play .
can i just say that this is a very heartfelt album ! i love it ! very worthwhile ! ! !
rain dayz is my only favorite song on the album other then that its garbage
i love listening to new artists , how they almost sound like original , they also have their own kind if style . keep singing
a great song for the entire family who wants to praise our god . the quality sound is enjoyable . christian music genre .
this song actually has a good message to it and i do like it , but i am honestly bored of it at this point .
what woman has not dreamed of doing just this to some lying , cheating boy who we dated and thought loved us ! i love her voice !
great song . she speaks great about the energy of love . it is put together with great melodies . great price . worth the buy .
aja is a good album to combine with this compilation for basic steely dan hits .
allison krauss is truly talented and easy to hear . very easy listening . most allison krauss songs are so easy on the ears .
i absolutely love amazon's music app . makes it super easy to buy music and download quick to several devices . :)
better than awake ! good heavy and loud album ! best song has to be " straight out of line " 1cop this one !
this album is not good at all so do not buy it . it only gets 2 because of production and 2 or 3 good songs .
please , ruben ! don't waste your voice on trashy lyrics and join the throng of disgusting rappers . oh , too late .
stop reading these reviews and buy yourself a copy of the cd already . also check out cd's by esthero , cebille , si se & soulstice .
must buy all of mjb cd's , beautiful voice , my collection of this artist arrived before or on time said would . i am jamming !
there are no words . only truth , justice and the roc-nation way . don't believe me ? the streetz is watchin ' . track 5 .
her songs tell great stories very true to the country song telling style . taylor has a lot of talent and is easy to listen and sing along to .
this cd is awesome . trina moe is one of my favorite songs by dmx . pick this one up if you're a fan .
this is probably the best available santana compilation . it features many classics ( live and studio ) as well as many great unrealeased santana live and studio tracks .
one of the greatest singer-songwriter albums of all time . every song is great and this sets the standard for all others . must-have for any music collection .
i live about 30 mins from athens . i however didn't discover them until they made it to sirius . they are amazing ! the album is beautiful .
the whole black hippy camp has been releasing very solid projects ! theyre rap / hiphop , not pop ! blue cat red dog blu da ba dee duba die
this is one of my more favorite cds that came out after his death . it ` s great and as the rest of them to follow as well .
i just don't get the hype about 50 cent . i listened to this , and i think he is a , excuse the pun , two-bit talent .
this is such an awesome song , the lyrics are great and the background beat is wonderful . no wonder they put this in a commercial .
i like this song . it has really great lyrics . it's nice to listen to songs that have a positive message . sara bareilles has a wonderful voice .
cyndi is not blue ! her incredible vocals do this classic justice . hope she puts out an album in the near future .
real awesome cd , one of my favorites this will always be a classic dr . dre is amazing this cd is amazing
i love the sound of this song and the words . i would tell any one who likes this type of music to definitely buy this one .
now that buck is gone from the unit his ratings on albums has raised from 3 ' s to fours lmao ... this is another solid album
keeping that slide and band to kill with . eclectic songs that make it very interesting .
joe bloggs is a clown . sade is so smooth and sexy . love her voice . love this record .
dont have to much to say aboyt the cd . its not as good as his others but its ok
that's not to say it is not a decent cd . it's just not a 5 star like their last album .
i like this song . it isn't my favorite song , but i definitely don't hate it ! it is a good song to burst out singing with friends :)
i'm not a big pop music listener . but i know what's good , and this cd is .
this song will move you to want to sing even if your not religious.she has a voice that makes you want to sing along .
despicable lyrics promoting drugs and denigrating police destroy otherwise noteworthy and engaging rock music .
bought this and several others during a $ 5 sale . terrific voice and the each song is strong . buy this album , you will not be disappointed .
i enjoy his valley of netune one and this one is another great one to get . this is for any fan .
i love the gap band . i have purchased all of charlie wilson's cds via amazon . old school music is the best !
this is a great song . see my review for the entire album if you want to know more . a great addition to your music collection .
i heard ain't it fun on the pop radio station at work and decided to get it .
i have just learned about this man as a favorite singer , andwell learn more about him in the years i have left on this planet
this is the first banshees album i bought . incredibly varied . from " punk " to " pop " and back again . superb . very highly recommended .
is a genious ! this cd's songwriting is so damn catchy . every song will make your ears go wild . especially when your high on some good greenage !
good cyndi music , but if you have her albumns , then i would skip this one .
i gave this five stars , this is must have for any ice cube fan , especially for fans that love the old school rap .
love this cd , the most complete collection . the cd has arrived before the date i expected to receive it !
budammonk you need to step off dog ... mobb deep is runing it and you already know this punk .
and axl rose's contribution wasn't necessary . " you don't understand " is one of the best songsbas has ever recorded . well done ! - craig
not really sure why i like this song so much but i think it's just catchy and i like the guys chanting in the background .
beanie sigel is really off the hook . so is the infamous jay z song anything . i love beanie and i think that you should buy this cd .
very good tune . insightful but enjoyable tune . they have some really good stuff . see there new music on youtube ( dot ) com . enjoy
what can i say that has not alreaady been said . this is an excellent album ! buy it ! ! !
this was always my favorite album . i purchased to replace my old lp . i was so happy to listen to this again .
it's nice to be able to hear this anytime i like and is perfect for working out . great sound quality !
one of the best albums of the last 20 years , and i have listened to alot of albums
lyrics is off the chain and the dark beats fits the rhymes like a glove ... nobody can call this commercial thats for damn sure ... it's great !
ok cd . has to many annoying party joints on it , and ' crush tonight ' is becoming annoying . better off getting the new nas cd .
good song , i feel like david guetta just drafts singers because his voice is terrible or he doesn't like it and think other's are better . thoughts ?
1,2 stars . are you on crack , this cd and movie is a classic . every song is good , no bs .
a line which perhaps sums up this album : " i can see the tunnel at the end of all these lights ... "
good song and great artist she has an amazing voice and is a song that will be remembered for the great job she did on the piece
combination of two jb concerts or jams . tremendous deal , just doesn't flow as well as it could . very good song collection makes it a great buy .
i like this song , mainly i like the video . he is silly and fun to watch , i recommend this song to anyone !
it was alright music , just wasn't what i was looking for . it's possible that someone else would like this cd .
stevie wonder is incredible . he wrote some of the greatest songs of all time , several of which are on this album . required listening ! !
rihanna always has such innovative music , and i love the beat of pour it up . i love this song and i would buy it again .
the album is both fun and interesting and left me wanting to listen to it with out regret . i would suggest it to any one .
i like atb since the first album , all songs are great , some dance and some relaxing , great album , i recommend ! ! !
this disc was catchy 10 years back but nothing worth keeping.groove is in the heart was about it.much like the b - 52 ' s pretty campy .
this is a well-written folk song about the real meaning of christmas - - a nice change of pace for the holidays .
classical music puts me to sleep , this is an exceptionally inexpensive group of wonderful music to relax to and fall asleep with , such a great deal !
this reminds me of flaming lips " hit to death in the future head " . it's sonic , rockin , catchy , trippy , and flows together nicely .
a music fan needs to stop posting bad reviews . he's worse than the people who post more than one good review .
i highly recomende this cd for any mark knopfler fan , you'll love it probably as much as i do ! ! !
after mothership connection ... where could they go ? here ! all the ingredients that make the pfunk experience irresistible . a little lighter and brighter .
ultimate manilow is pure nirvana and bliss for every barry manilow fan.great music ! !
i brought the cd for one song that i really wanted , but i don't really get into heavy medal myself
i went to see the long run concert tour after this album came out and again had the lp but wanted to get the cd .
this band is quite unique and i love the sound they put down . i can sing to it but not sure if i could dance to it
nice song i downloaded from this album on amazon.com cloud player a easy way to download the music you want to keep.try it i did
i love this album . it really makes you long for the eighties when pop was cheesy but oh so good . bobby sang and danced his heart out .
someone told me this was a cool song ... not really my taste but , for free it's okay to have in collection .
this is a really good cd very good extension of the original version of tubular bells , it is live but you can not tell .
( ... ) commercial rapper . reasonable doubt and vol 2 were the only good albums he can put out .
i got one word : retarded . it fits this album and also every one of the reviewers here , that gave this bs more than one star .
i enjoyed his single hits and live stuff for years and this one is a great one to get .
good solid music.very relaxin & cool too chill to . i'll remember april is a good song.miles ' s tone sounds great .
great ! nothing else to say ! favs : get loose , motivation , asap , you don't know me , and bring em out .
no problem downloading . been a fan from her start on american idol . this song just makes you feel wonderful . truly and inspiration .
receiving this 25th aniversary is a real treat . there's more music and commentary on making of the lp . this was a unique find and great to have .
beautiful song , plays great on my kindle , highly recommended . just beautiful . even better price . try it you'll love it its free
uncontional love describe what true love is , what love feels on a emotional level , powerful , truth , positive , inspirational , be loved
some really classic tracks on this cd and what a great cover a lot of their music is played in movies .
i did not choose this . i already have paid you for it on amazon cloud and i am sorry about that . take it off !
sly and the family stone created a musical utopia : an interracial group of men and women who blended funk , rock and positive vibes .
this is my all time favorite moody blues recording . listening to it in multi-channel surround is just fantastic .
wow i love listening to these songs . i think that the vocals are just so amazing and the carpenters are loved at my house .
muse ... what can you say . great song to have in your music library , wether you are a muse fan or love alternative rock musi .
3 1/2 for those who like a little more death with a little less cutie , these tuneful limitations will surely suffice .
devo is simply one of the greatest bands ever . get this cd , you will love it
i bought this for one song but love the whole album . her version of mcarthur's park is fantastic . death comes too soon .
the greatest gangsta album ever from eazy-muthaf * * * in'-e . if you do not have this album then go get it right now ! ! !
this album from chevelle jerked their listeners back.they wanderd a bit on vera sera .. but the focuss and drive and definition was back on this piece.great job
this here album cause its off the hook ! greatest lyrics , phat beats and nice content.at least he went out on top . r.i.p.pun
i dont think the rangers gunna like this yoggie , this guys more punk than me .
this album is good but ya'll need to get of tupac's d $ ck just ' cause he died .
i like the version with kanye better . it adds another layer to the song . makes it more of a story than a song .
this album is horrible and the 5 star reviews on here don't even know how to use proper grammar ! enough said ! >:(
this album is solid . the package blows though . it's not their best album , but it's still very good . no liner notes ? nothing inside ?
this album has all of the hits plus some extras i'd forgotten about . the music still has a currant feel to it .
very good summary of one of the best " girl " bands ever . good to have these hits on a digital format .
my favorite woodstock sountrack performance ! sly was years ahead of his time.this is fantastic music sly stone at his finest
started the ball rolling and crafted a great album . you'll love it ! ! get it ! ! that's all.peace xes cainam
this cd is a must get for those who like to be challenged musically.porcupine tree are an inovative band with a modern approach.beautifully recorded and sequenced a must get .
from the objective reviewer ... " sad songs " is the only stand out track with a couple of decent songs ... not enough to warrant a better rating .
what i think about this song is it's pretty good , ellie goulding has okay vocals in the song and it is a little repetitive
i do recommend this to people . it is a fun cd to listen to and i look forward to hearing more from this group .
i love this song . i'm really glad the mp3 version is available from amazon . i really like bruno mars music .
this is a great cure for insomnia , otherwise it's worthless and totally monotonous ( then again , it's new , so that's expected ) .
otis redding's third album includes hits from his all time idol sam cooke who had died the previous november . a classic
pete rock single handedly became a super producer . then came dj premier . you can't wrong with this . cl flow is crazy on this album .
this album is banging . each song could have been a single . you know you are never dissappointed by jay z !
love all her music and so this is just icing on the cake , as soulful as ever , a must listen
my mom loved his songs when i was growing up . i bought the cd for her and i downloaded it , too .
if you dont have it go get it he's back with productions by dr . dre shady aftermath is back ...
" sleep to dream " and " criminal " are musically superb . the remainder of the album is filler .
i wanted the song & i have no britney spears cds . it was easy to purchase . i'm very satisfied with it .
this is an eclectic collection of wintry music . it was uneven at times , but the collection was overall pretty good . the best : it was free !
i got this song for free and can't say much about it besides i don't care much for a variety of music it may be worth listening to though .
this cd is hot . but it also has his down falls of songs . it's good but not betta than street's disciple .
nas has more heart then jay-z.it shows when you listen to his songs.nas is hands down outside the studio the best mceee in new york ...
i like faith hill , or i wouldn't have bought the song to add to my ever-growing christmas mp3 collection this year .
this is an excellent cd to have in your collection if your a big fan of deborah harry it sounds great all the songs are really cool also .
the best cd jigga ever made , what more can i say if you miss true east coast rap pick this up and say izzo , hova damn .
mediocre outtakes . no " fire " or " love rollercoaster " . sounds like it was recorded through a pair of sweat socks . leroy's memory deserves better .
pet shop boys never disappoint , excellent excellent all around great cd ! i highly recommend this cd to anyone who likes dance music ~
all of his standards and a few i had forgotten . of course , all are in that mellow folksy style of his .
i have liked this song since i first heard it on the radio ! i got lucky and got this for free on here !
this is maybe the worst rap of all time . this may even be worse then whodini or kurtis blow
if you love train , you will absolutely love this song ! it is one of the very best they have ever done !
exelente producto.practicamente nuevo.disco y tapa en exelente estado.se recomienda a este vendedor.olala tenga mas discos que me interesen , saludos a todos
can't beat the price . but seriously , this is a really good single to release for the new album . great song , classic nin .
a perpetually funky , ultra groovy tripped out escapade that recalibrates the brain delightfully , if ya let it.white men can funk .
this album is full of classic hits , every song except for maybe one or two is a classic
love this song ! not only is this a good song , but it is the ravens " fight " song ! ! ! i'm a huge ravens fan !
quitened down since science and make yourself , but is definitely worth the bucks . not as good as science ( classic ) or make yourself .. nuff said
loved the cd and all it had to offer great singer and story teller . must buy for rb lovers and slow groove
this time in 2 different mixes . authentitcity in the mono version , and a stereo version for hi-fi freaks . i'm over the moon about this one
train is a favorite of mine lately . i enjoyed this song when i heard it on the radio and have worn it out since i got it .
this is where alanis was made herself no longer valid in the good music industry .
great lyrics , great voice , great song ... words that every woman wants to hear from her man . i recommend this song to all .
dis was dat down south john blaze . cmr came hard wit dem 98 ' cd's . yall know bout . pick it up ! ! !
the best aerosmith had to offer . they were running on all cylinders when this relaesed to the public ... support your favorite artists .
white zombie remix . great song selection . bad technically-sounds like it wa recorded in a coke can . i'd rather listen to my full albums .
ti is real ya heard me he is like my favorite rapper b . g . come he come street and gangsta
this song should be a classic among pop songs . vocal ranges go from low to high with a driving beat , coupled with lady gaga's sweet voice .
the artist has a good enough voice , but the song isn't very unique . i would listen to this as background music .
good music.soulful , relaxing.classic barry.good oldie , but goodie that never goes out of style.good price too ! i got it on my mp3 player !
very good song . it is nice and relaxing . has no words to it just music . great for a dinner party .
the beat , tiara on the chorus & wale's voice are soo well put together love it sooo much . great song
electronic embellishments aside , the group struggles to say anything meaningful that hasn't been reiterated already , albeit in their typical lushly produced way .
i am not familiar with these artists , but i like this song and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys christian music .
my daughter absolutely loves this song she listens to it all of the time thats all i can really say about this song
" video killed ... " sounds like the 15 year old tracy merop singing in the song
it was just nice to hear music that takes you back to memories when times were not complicated . just good music
there is nothing redeemable about their latest endeavour . don't waste your money . they've become a ... mellow adult contempo band.ew .
this is storytelling at its finest from beginning to end . i think this is jay-z's 3rd finest album behind reasonable doubt and blueprint 1
delivery blyrics a + production a + style a + heart a + overall a
has that garage / grunge band sound . just one of 5000 plus holiday mp3s i have collected , and forgettable . nice cover though .
didnt care for this one has to be the worst one to me . only a few tracks i was feeling . but i say get it anyway
got this cd after their radio hit . i would say about half are strong songs , the others i could give or take .
i love how easy it is to download the musice and how clear it is . thanks i will buy agine . thanks
i work with a lot of people who are just like this song . it fun and true love it . way cool
great songs individually of course , but what makes this classic debut so good is how well the songs flow together .
this is a gem ! songs like " blessed , " " kathy's song , " and " april come she may " are classic and timeless .
very good summary of a very underappreciated singer . good to have these songs in a digital format . great album.nice deep voice .
second coolest song from dwts and had to get it for my mp3 player . love this song it is addictive !
one of my favorite judas priest's albums . buy it if you like their later music .
i love avalon , and this song just continues their tradition of making powerful songs that speak to the listener . check it out .
i hope fat joe responds back to 50 cent from his piggy bank diss . same goes for jada , nas , and ja rule .
they are using their songs in movies and tv ads so , they made it to the show of the century !
i played this one to death . i like train . give it a listen . i'm pretty sure you will nto be disappointed .
this in my opinion is not one of pac's better cd's . this one is cool but he's had way better , but i still love him .
all of her best hits in one place ! i esspecially like the remixes of say a prayer and i'll wait .
3 1/2 high quality warm-up material here not to be dismissed is on par with some of his overpraised conceptual works further down the era .
what a great way to introduce people to steely dan . one of their best releases .
i have to agree that any chick who willingly portrays herself as a wild motorcycle ride knows what a guy wants . thats some fast rumbling .
bought this song for my daughter and she loves it and would recommend it to all of her friends.cute song
i will alway treasure the moment i bought this song from your website because it is awesome thank you so much amazon
i bought the book first and later bought the album is a greatcd & book to have because it showed how pac really was like.you won't be sorry
excellent cd , many great songs . i was just going to get the single , but i am glad that i opted to get the whole cd .
one of their best i liked the superbowl performance and it is a twist to a classic song give it a try you might like it
i have always been entertained by nicki minaj's songs even this one . try her other song super bass and you might like it .
i picked up the cd for the song " all star " . it was okay for about a week , then it got annoying .
nice collection of oldies to listen to . also a very beautiful lady , with a very sweet voice . helps me remember better times .
where are the two more well sung and strongests songs by cat stevens , the hurt and later from the foreigner - 1973 ? ? ?
this album is suprisingly good . i enjoyed it a lot . some of the songs are a little too mellow , but over all really nice .
i love the gap band ! burn rubberyou dropped a bomb on meparty trainplus the slow jams ... a great greatest hits album !
coldplay definitely was not a " one hit wonder " band and this was one of there best songs they produced ! :)
this is not my favorite cd but it will be good to rotate through my truck cd's . there are some good songs on it .
this is a song for all women . if you're dating a guy make him put a ring on that finger and make it official !
i heard this on the radio several times before purchasing . i like it . it's fun and has a great beat .
this compilation is missing two of his biggest hits " hard to handle " and " love man " other wise it is a pretty good retrospective .
classic joy division , i own this on vinyl and it is a classic from joy division along with closer.if you do not own thispick it up ! ! !
bruno is already in heacy rotation on my playlist but this song just does something to me . it's mournful , soulful and proud . awecome combination .
a lot of people didn't know about this cd when it came out . this was and still is a great buy . the singing is ( priceless ) ...
this music brings back great memories of seeing elo live.saw the on this tour also ! never disappointed with elo on stage.great transaction
takes me back to a wonderful place driving my pick up to the beach and grooving on jb on the 8 track
i like josh groban's singing and i like this song . i would recommend it to anyone who likes josh groban & christmas songs .
lauryn should either stick to her old style , re unite with the fugees or just babysit at home.girl you've got talent but you are wasting it
i love this cd , i have all atb albums , and i think this is the best one , i recommend this lbum .
i love this cd ! this is one of my favorite prince cd's ! the sexy man is bad ! i give it five stars ! * * *
i like this song , and i'm not sick of it ( yet ) . i would definitely recommend this as it's a great catchy song
este cd es bueno aunque se le parece un poco la voz a madonna pero no importa todas las canciones estan suaves
this cd is wonderful . such a great compilation for such a wonderul artist . this really takes me back in the day with some wonderful memories .
i like madonna , and this album is no exception . it's a great mix of styles and showcases her versatility . recommended .
did like this good i will look and see what i think of him singing and the songs that he sings
lil wayne comes out with hit cd . good tracks like go dj , the carter and on the block . his album gets 4 out of 5 .
enjoyable tune with potential . sounds like a lot of other current bands but not bad . it was well worth the price though . lol !
my son got me into this band and i love this song . had to buy it , glad it was available here at amazon .
this song makes me smile . reminds me of a perfect date with a man . good song and a good buy .
anthony you did it again ! words can't begin to express how awesome this album is . my favorites are : southern stuffthe truthchange your worldnever love again
say what you want , but we all know the real . blake's picks lady in my life , pyt , billie jean , and human nature .
another stale synthesis of late eighties pop-rock-dance-funk expectedly containing at least a few proofs as to why we celebrate his royal lineage .
if you love peter frampton then you will love this cd . it shows that he can still make music that is relevant today . awesome tunes ! !
i love this album to death ! i think it's even better than the first album and perfect world has to be my favorite song .
if you like bruno mars , this song is a " must have " for your collection . it is one of his best ever done !
this song is pure pop but purely addictive . i love the hook with the whistling in the back and the vocals are fantastic . a guilty pleasure .
will downing new is awesome , outstanding , superb . i give it 10 stars . id buy this cd as quick as i can its truly that excellent .
i loved there snakes and arrows album . when i heard they would come out with a mvp one . i had to get it .
i had heard snippets of a couple of their songs and ordered their cd ! it's great ! so was the price and the service !
yo look ere dog dis record roxed my sox u'll love it g to da o homey .
i love john legend and this is probably one of my favorite songs he sings . this song as a beautiful and sexy beat with words that follow .
i really like this song ! it is powerful and has a good beat ! it is a little overplayed but it is still great ! !
he talks too much about how great he is . he raps the same in everysong . actually 3.5 .
we got this for a cheap , surprised us how good they sounded . impressed enough to get other ones too . good buy
this should have had livin ' in america ! ! ! that song would make it complete ! ! !
whatever i tell you cannot do this album enough justice.it is tight all the way around , period .
love this song love this song love this song love this song love this song gave it to my husband for our 25th anniversary ... love it
great cd . the words and music are heartfelt and important . " vincent " perhaps the strongest song in this collection .
the first two songs are amazing , the rest of the cd lags . i cant think of what else to write haha
this is a great collection of johnny's songs . as the title states it is essential to any serious music collection . a must have and a great buy .
it was extremely hard to find katy perry songs that were appropriate for my 8 year old niece to put on her mp3 player . this one is ok .
believe the other reviews on this page . eva cassidy's voice is simply wonderful .
what a stunning debut , and now an essential rock classic ! a must have ! no bad tracks here !
i usually go for faster music but this mp3 album has a nice kind of mix and flavor you will enjoy .
you talk about bedroom music ! lol ! one of the smoothest cats around to listen to with that someone ... or for just chillin .
this double cd proves once and for all that lil wayne is one of the best rappers around .
bob marley & crew rip the stage.his voice , words , music are timeless.he puts so much energy here that it blows the mind how productive he was.very essential .
florida has put rap to music in a pleasant way . it has a great beat and easy on the ears .
not much to say except i like the song and it was after all , free ... i would recommend the album if you like this type of music
devante swing is the best jodeci is my favorite male group besides b2k this album is the real deal all of there albums are really tight
i love this cd , every song on here is absolute brilliance . i love every song , the lyrics are exceptional , it's a masterpiece !
mike jones . who ? oh shut up . he is the worst rapper i heard in a long long time .
never heard something this dull before , save u'r money , right now 50 ' s just want to be on everybody ( ... )
not bad at all . the grits , super model and love is the message are good enough to warrant a buy here . support good rap !
it was an ok sophmore album from banks , it wasent as good as hunger for more but its still worth listening , banks is still the punchline king .
this album is a great retrospective of a well respected musical family . all the songs we remember and all together .
3 1/2 a startlingly diverse production adeptness ensures this release has not aged nearly as fast as similarly dated electronic material .
this guy has terrible vocals , like a dying goat with a new york accent . this is garbage .
i enjoyed there cars , candyo , this one , hart break city , shake it up , door to door , movie like this and there anthology albums .
" banks is cooler than the other side of the pillow . " thats all i gotta say , this cd is hot , cop it .
greatest album ever from chamillionaire . he is the best rapper in the south . if you do not have this album then go get it now ! ! !
you don't hear neil sedaka's name too much anymore . hopefully this record will give a different generation a chance to appreciate this wonderful composer and singer's talent .
wow is all i can say ! this is one of the best rock albums ive hear in a long time ! !
i got this album because i liked carl . he didn't disappoint me . his album is inspiring and recommend it to everyone .
they sing and play about peace and love ! why ? that's terrible ! i don't like the vocals either !
yes she can sing but i am not that impressed to actually purchase the album .
this is old school singing . but it was what you call singing . these women were phenomenal and they got their message across through song .
i'm still amazed at jimi's sound and what he does with a guitar . this won't disappoint you if you've even listed to his music .
clay's album is a very good cd to listen to.it is very relax full and enjoyable.anybody who like clay will like his album .
this is a good song , but i can't say my favorite , or my favorite by the kings . they are super talented , though ...
that the kids downloaded with some of my free downloads that i got when i ordered good music . i'm sure this sucks as it's coldplay .
even if it's not historically accurate , the story of three kings visiting the christ child is beautiful . this song is also beautiful .
i bough this to use as background music for a multi media presentation i am having to create , and it is perfect !
great music ! this cd was even better than i expected . i was very impressed ! perfect gift or just to have yourself !
only one word can describe this album - - atrocious . jeff buckley ? ? ha--more like jeff suckley .
it remind me of pop , meets , rock , meets new age , meets all in it's own . a nice song for the buck
but enough of this manufactured pop garbage already ! who in tarnation is iggy ass-water ? ? disney pumps out the manufactured bubble gum pablum at a breakneck pace .
still one of the high water marks of old-school ( ie : integrity-possessed ) hip hop , both lyrically and sonically .
i really enjoyed this one and felt lucky to hit on it especially in the free download list . probably a good future here .
greatest rock band from sweden ever in the entire universe for all time and for ever and ever and ever .
not my favorite album of theirs but still awesome ! ! a must have for any simon and garfunkel fan . this is just my opinion of course .
rate this 1.5 stars . my way and rollin'are improvements over prievious limp bizkit hits like faith , and nookie , but this band still blows .
as any otis redding fan will tell you he gives you 100 % . well he did it again in this album .
purchased this song specifically to add to my exercise playlist , as i need something real up-tempo to get and keep my workout going .
go to mike " michael " s review . this kid is stupid . i guarantee his review will make you laugh .
my boyfriend got me hooked on this song . has good lyrics with good sounds ! hope this artist comes out with more hits .
acquired solely to duplicate my vinyls-to-digital collection , but a " must have " for mj collections ( before all the contraversy ) . blah , blah .
what a great guy's song . i am surprised that the politically correct denver recorded it but i will always respect him for it .
love my buffett , i can listen to his music all day long , i just shuffle it around and let it go again
how can you not like devo . the funnest quirky new wave act . this is a great collection of there songs . i like it alot .
another great cd by elton john--love his music and lyrics , his voice , and this cd has a great selection of songs if you love sir elton .
this is mark's best album since dire straits - and contains his best song of all time ever - love and happiness . gorgeous ! ! !
ohio players are underrated as funksters , but their legacy carries on ... listen to fire on hell's kitchen ; great sound and funk ... enjoy and dance .
very good song , catchy rhythm . truth spoken again from the lovely katy perry . there's not many things of hers that are unlikable
acquired solely to duplicate my vinyls-to-digital collection . it was " required " party music of 1975 , though i still like what chaka has done since then .
not bad . better than previous albums . definately better than " 36 chambers " . not a bad buy .
tourist history was better as a whole but many of the songs on beacon are better than most of tourist history .
love this song . whenever i hear it i have to turn my stereo way up bump . this song really gets me pumped up .
but really not a classic , of course it has standout songs but it is just another album
i'm accustomed to a more beautiful version ; this one is scratchy , though sincere . the artist might be more successful singing more softly and melodiously .
loved the songs ! ! she has a really good voice . a must have if you like d . h . t or dance-pop kind of music .
i love this album and it's good to hear the old sounds . i am replacing a vinyl album from 40 plus years ago .
upbeat party collaboration leaves one wanting , hardly providing anything involving besides a few occasional choruses that catch .
another pop and country duo love this song alot when she teams up with a country artist it is magical a must have
this is really good music . my favorite one is serve the ego . i can listen to it all day .
g-funk from the bay e-fizze rep that bay life the beats are bangin the lyrics are dope they slam on my jbl's makin heads turn
yes , it really is that good ... just check out the other reviews here
come on this is one of his best albums to me . i mean they're a couple joints that i dont care for but i like 90 % of it
r.i.p.the juliana theoryone of the finest bands to hit the scene.thank you for the music , the inspiration , and the love .
the album wasn't full of hits , but there's plenty to like . kodachrome by itself is almost worth the price of the cd .
another one of my favorite's in my cd collection . no skipping tracks on this one .
a very nice change of pace for christmas music . this is one that is gentle on the ears and brings back memories from years gone past !
the music is ok . it has a nice enough beat to it , but i don't thinks it's . i don't think it's debra harry
sub pop 2013 : first place losers is an acclectatic mix of music that kept me interested in listening to more . i would definitely recommend this album
this album is good but not the same without that 50 influence ... buck is very talented and deserves his props though .
blue oyster cult has always been one of my favorite rock bands and " the reaper " was one of their best songs .
this doesn't even scratch the surface of their great stuff . you can make a greatest hits just from their first two albums . rated low for content .
i love this early prince stuff ... it's almost still disco music but you can tell it was composed by a genius .
i love everything maroon 5 has done . their musicality is exceptional . fantastic lyrics .
_though a gbv completist , i recommend on musical merits - - this is a good one .
this one is a good one to get if you like his early stuff and like his music and albums .
one of the first " white rappers " to take it to the next plane of existence ! no cursing to get their point across ! !
great song for parties and such events . pretty cool to get a whole group together to dance to the song .
i've been listening to aerosmith since the early 80 ' s.this album truly has the classics on it . i rate this cd a 5 of 5 stars ! !
el producto es muy bueno . el vendedor muy amable.se recomienda este vendedordisculpas por no escribir en ingles.soy de argentina.saludos .
great dancing song i love it and dont think i will ever get tired of it and i dont really like most of her stuff
get this cd if you like the ' bats ! " super rad " is their theme song , and the rest are good .
for the inordinately curious.the grant green album is far superior to the donald byrd session , which isn't saying a whole lot .
she is a very talented artist and she always seems to know what to write . like this song lots
alison krauss has one of the most beautiful voice . her band is really good too . easy listening . easy to hum or sing along .
ted's at his best live and outragous.growing up in the 70 ' s this was one of the live albums you could not be caught without .
first album put out by the group . the first three songs are great , but the album goes downhill from there .
i love bruno - he's so much fun and this song is a nice one . it's a great addition to anyone's music library .
this is a great cd . it has some great rockers on it , " question " being my all time favorite . it belongs in your music library .
again more artist that come out with commercialized crap ! don't buy this stuff people get real music !
i wouldn't recoommend itnot my fav . song and the voice is good but the song choice was not good.hard to follow . not a traditional version to me .
this when juve returned to cash money and showed why he , was the best they had . this is what prompted wayne to go harder for the label .
not one of steely dan's best but still a good one to have in your collection if you're a collector of steely dan .
jay z one of the greats hommie , just like i tell others you already know this ' .
this song was played a lot during the summer and just reminds me of all the good times i had
paul simon music is great ! ! ! his the white man with the black music . for years paul has shown his true colors .
very good . i love music by paramore . i was watching american idol and heard a contestant sing the song . love it !
just keep on saying the rapture is a " great band , " and continue ignoring the fact that they suck * ss ... royally ...
this shows how good new music can be . a strong blend of style and political substance that has what i like in all enduring musical performances .
this album is better in every way than oracular spectacular . good to see mgmt making the music they want to this time .
they took us back . their music is a rare find along with their voices . this is a must have for your collection
music of christmas brought back childhood memories great to collect and start a nice collection for the holidays cheers ... enjoy this album great to order for gifts ..
actually had a problem downloading so many songs at oncenever heard itcan't review itthis looked good too
this album doesn't stop from the first track to the last you are caught in the godfather's jungle groove . a must for any music fan ! ! !
we made our own dance cd and this was one of the songs we used . keeps us moving ! great exercise .
gr8 group ! love the music and the songs ! breakout group of the last several years in our opinion ! great album !
actually , 10 stars ! the cd was better than the original album and worth twice the selling price . we miss you jimi !
and i am not the biggest hip hop fan , ok ? but lauryn has a beautiful voice , and it came out fabulously on this album .
i give everything a fair shot and i was curious about this kid but this is just trash ! i wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy .
you have great jazz work , lyrical work , and good hardcore tracks what else could you want ? if your new to this then pick this up .
7 to 9 winners found here , although i can't say any of them is really a classic . but it's great fun for a season or two !
i just recently started hearing this group on the radio and i think this song is good enough . 2 more .
this group is derivative and dull . the songs on this album get annoying very quick ( not to mention played out ) .
again , i've always like the hits of blondie ... i heard this song , i liked it and so i bought it to add to my collection .
this is a classic punk tune and well worth the money and time to download . the femmes were great and this is a great song .
this sounds like the smiths covering " odessey & oracle " . hooks , hooks , hooks .
i must say an improvement a tight album all i can say must buy album . dont sleep on it the same for ll cool j new album exit 13
trae really killed it with this album . one of the best so far this year
my all-time favorite mccartney album.it rates right up there with abbey road and other beatle classics.another great add to my cd collection
different music very little singing kids like dancing or spinning to the fast and slow beats of the music . yet is also soothing .
this album crunk.the best album bad boy put out.biggie is one of the top rappers ever.if you pick no other album pick this oneup .
i love this song because it is very inspirational ! i first heard this song in dance class and knew had to buy it from amazon .
yall are some cot damn haters . this cd is on point , my fav . released this year . dont sleep , pick this up .
the follow up was excellent ! the production was " the bomb " , hardly any production team was any better i'm sure of that !
i'm not a p & b kind of guy but davis's contribution to the overly-covered material still swings hard enough to stand out in earlier , less adventurous phases .
sade is classic i have most of her albums ... hip hop katz .. expand your minds pick up sade .
i hard this song on the radio and was instantly hooked on it . this is the perfect version to get me to get out and move more
great disc.love the lead singer.he sounds like a cross of robert plant and billy squire ! bonham and the rest of the band are fantastic !
this was a good album that listens well from beginning to end . i bought it for voices carry but many other songs were memorable .
lil wayne has better talent than this . i recommend the new afroman disc . every beat be banging hard . join the streetteam on his website .
he had alot to say.he had alot of nothing to say.we ' ll miss him .
this is one of the few modern songs that i really enjoy . great beat and good lyrics .
from joe sample . joe is a living legend and this solo project is my favorite .
while there is not much meat on the bones here , lyrically speaking , there is an infectious hook you can't get out of your mind .
this album isn't great , and she always sounds the same through different songs . i do like the song she made a tribute to janis though .
machinehead is most certainly the greatest deep purple album and contains my favourite songs in highway star , space truckin and smoke on the water.very very highly recommended .
diane birch , unbelievable young artist . she her now or it will cost you hundreds in a year to see her . cd tops it all
it was a gift for his brother that uses to listen to cat stevens , but love that it was on a cd .
if you smoke this cd will make u zone out like your in a different galaxy .
a stunning display of commanding musicianship , impeccablesongwriting , and insurmountable beauty that recalls this eraof creativity
love the classic 80s jams ... phil ... genesis . before or after ... i am a fan ! gotta have that music to reminisce from .
the prominant drum work and harmonies make this a very interesting number , almost evoking some early queen ones or some def leppard
pioneers . without this album none of that thug sh * * you listen to would ever have existed ... eazy-e r . i . p .
lyrics - ice cube , mc renproduction - dr . dre , dj yellaprofit - eazy-e
i purchased hot n cold as an mp3 download , and i am very pleased with how good it sounds . i really enjoy it !
this has some good songs but atleast it was back when cam was fast and not a slow rapper cop it
this is good listening music for the young ; dancing too i guess . too young for me but i still recommend it .
damn that's funny . this cd is garbage . there is only two tight songs on the whole album .
50 , lloyd banks , tony yayo and young buck show up for another gunit classic . gunit is my favorite hip-hop / rap group
great work ! i love this album . this boy is great with his music . i will be buying his second album as well .
... to listen to and buy this bs . i'm not a ca $ h money hater but for real : it's a joke , isn't it ?
playing and replaying and back again . i love this song . i heard it in my zumba class and it stuck in my head .
omg you must buy this album . linkin park has come back strong with this album ... it is a must have .
man , this album cold.stop hating on tip . i bet non of yah can out rap him.da king is back , enough said ! ! ! 1
tyga's hit song rack city is a classic strip club and dance track ! ! this will make the bass in your car or house slam too !
one of the best albums michael jackson has ever released . a gem ! solid music throughout .
hard-hitting sophomore starts strong , but throughout a brief ten tracks does show signs of uninspired repetition which weighs its total down quite a bit .
the video's okay only ciara acts like eartha kitt on acid other than that this sounds like one of jt's leftovers .
i wanted to hear some new music . i went over the songs and artist and decided to listen to the music one day .
enough bouncy retro-wave style to supply a nice nighttime ride , though short of zinner's important guitar tones not too much lasts .
i think this may be my favorite tori amos cd . i love it & listen to it all the time & have had it for over a decade ...
i love it . all of it and have just about everything that he has released . great piano and vocals on the songs
good , but not great . a few nice songs , my brave heart and put ' er there .
i'm not a mariah carey fan - - but her cover of this song is one of my favorite christmas songs .
it's another great song , i'm glad i got it i like some of his other music as well .
too bad this is only d . o . c great album ... a glimpse of what might have been .
not a big fan of the synthesizer / autotune mix in some places or the fact that most of the ideas aren't necessarily complete but still a fun song !
this cd is underated . it has some great tunes on it . check out " los angelenos " which really rocks .
i'm not a huge fan of this genre but i occasionally find a song i love in it , this is one of them !
constantly on the cusp of brilliance , this beautifully bubbling electro-pop rests quite comfortably in an impressive discography .
when i would have a party i would always have this song then me and my friends would jam out all night long
get these phyllis albums while you can as they were issued in 1999 . only 50,000 copies were pressed in japan
... four stars for " spread my wings " and " all i do is think of you " . great songs .
as all previous comments jimmy buffet is one hell of a god given talentnot one dud song on any of his albums
i purchased 3 or 4 roberta flack and it was so long ago that i no longer have it but donated it to a charitable cause to raise funds .
simply put , the royal scam is my favorite post aja steely dan album . very tight arrangments , punchy , good memorable songs .
if you don't own this - what ? i had to buy it on vinyl and add it to my collection - the entire album is gold . best .
i enjoyed there albums and this one is a good one to get if you are a fan of there music .
her best record and you will listen to it over and over again . purchase many and give as gifts . to all your friends
i always loved this album . in fact , i once had the album . this album shows the artist in some of his best music .
this was a high quality film like the other one . however no one with ever make a better one then the 1st .
its a good album ... good songs , good melodies , good guitar riffs ... not a great album , but one i am glad i own
if you still dont have this , shame on you.you ' re not a hip-hop fan if you dont like or have this.westside ! ! !
very catchy . her sound hasn't changed much , which is fine by me . i like this , though i wouldn't class it with her first album .
the best rapper that ever lived . best rap album ever . you are so missed big poppa !
i had purchased volume 2 & 3 they was great number 1 stinks that's just my opnion someone else might like it
this is also another song a lot of talent these days . these kids have all the luck with great voices .
this is one of steely dan's best albums and if you like the music of them you'll just have to have this one .
amazing stuff . i'm glad groups like this still exist . and you get the video on the cd as well .
amazon mp3 is the best app for a android ! without it i don't know how i would get any music !
one of the best songs , this is definitly on my favorite list . when you buy it you will play it over and over
exelent album one step more in the evolution of this great group , coheed & cambria one of the best new band in prog rock
this record is hot ! every track is blazin ' ... dont skip this its ja's second best ( vvv is his best )
to much of a repetative beat , not enough lyrics , and lyrics are too repetative . more singing might have helped , grin .
if you like this cd , you'll love the new fozzy cd . both haven't left my cd player since i bought them .
cohen is able to craft such wonderful songs that are just unreveled by anything else . this man is a true visionary and poet .
this cd will probably be hard to find soon so get it now as it is one of the better no limt records .
i don't understand why it says this song is explicit but i still like this song . i like the melody and their voices .
love this songs it is amazing i love rihanna music because she is amazing artists and i love her album .
i definitely play this cd all the time . slim thug be rippin ' hot lines . he got talent and that's all i can say cop this album .
squeeze is very special music with a timeless quality . another gotta have album . a good bunch of iconic tunes to boot .
susan boyle has got " the gift " but " speak now " ' s done by taylor swift ! buy ' em both . be happy .
i downloaded both . the one with the music and the one without . i really enjoy them both when writing books .
loved this song from the first time i heard it on the radio . added it to my play list and would reccomend it to anyone .
downloaded this song because it keeps playing everywhere and is always in my head ! pretty damn catchy and entertaining even though no idea what it says !
xmas is my favorite time of years and i love xmas music . any of it . all of it . you just can't go wrong
go buy jay-z cd out in the stores and don't download from amazon downloads site and other pay digital downloads site .
love this song i would recommend it to anyone , it downloaded great , i listen to it a lot and really enjoy it .
helps me for falling asleep . an alternative to just white noise . was very reasonably priced . a change of pace from my old white noise tracks .
from the objective reviewer ... sadly , the best song on the cd is the one non-duet song , " duets for one . " this just doesn't work .
bad in the best of ways ! this limited edition contains never before heard demos and comentaries by quincy jones .
what can i say - i like rush . this is a great addition to my collection that i didn't have .
this is one of the best busta rhyme album all the cuts are great good beat classic busta rhymes ! .
the best double rap album of all time . for 1996 tupac was truly ahead of his time
one of the all-time best complete albums ever ! tell me you can't start singing or dancing when our lips are sealed comes on ... my favorite ever !
this is a good album but there is only 8 track not includingintro or outro.that is the only downfall of the albumit's a great album .
i never heard of this in the day it was new , it is good stuff .
the track " 2 real " by ugk & mr . 3-2 is reason enough to at least check out this record ... love that track classic
great albumshe doesnt talk about hoes , rims , jewelry and stupid thingship-hop needs lady sovereign
i grew up with rush since 1987 . this was a good album to have again . i never though they would put this one on a gold cd .
this is sigel's best cd . the source gave his cd 4.5 mics ! that should tell you something . nas said it best compared to bean's jay's wack !
this is a purchase if you are a kendrick lamar fan . he has a great lyrical and storytelling ability whic is something that is lacking in current artists .
my daughter has figured out the " cups " part of this song , so while we listen , she plays along with the song .
takes you back to when her family called her nippy . excellent voice will be enjoyed for years to come . by generation's
i got this album mainly for the track a sort of fairytail . she is a great piano player with a great backup band .
wow this cd is the best . and its better because biggie rhyme flow is remarkable ! ! ! enough said . get the cd to see for yourself .
if you compare them to a lot of the british groups currently championed by the nme , the zutons are actually quite good . soemwhat innovative melodic rock .
bruno mars repeatedly shows skills and abilities through music that few other artists possess . he is consistently producing top quality songs .
before a football game or whenever you you want to get hype , listen to this cd . the hiiden track is a classic , number 16 .
allison krauss is truly talented and easy to hear . very easy listening music . clear crisp voice . highly recommended . thank you .
nothing special about the song . can't stand the singer at all.yuck . this ain't the one but her husband got away free at last !
cupid's chokehold was a great song when it was called " breakfast in america " by supertramp . that was a great band . whatever happened to them ?
album is great , especially " love boat captain " and " green disease " . it's catchy and rhythmic . get now .
tracks : the city / tramp and the young girl / one way sunday / the ghetto / song for you / friends / solitude .
b4 he died he put this out . this symbolized his talent and passsiion towards tha game . rip
i enjoyed his 1989 album and his other solo one as well . it has good songs and davie crosby on it .
i heard this first on a commercial i believe but it sounded like a really cool song so i downloaded it .
yadayadayada - luv him to death - man with talent ! in australia we suffer from withdrawals ! lol ! jb music hard to come buy ! come bak jb
how annoying is this song ? he says shake about 50x and it gets so damn repetitive . 2 stars .
memories and the songs on this cd take me back to some great life experiences , i love this cd and would recommend to anyone .
nothing new , still too cool for his own good.you ' d never know " back at one " was only two years away .
not a fan , i got this song for downloading the amazon downloader app , there's no way i'd buy this song - sorry , just not my style .
what circuse did these clowns come from and icp r a bunch of liars thers no damn carnival if theres a carival its a carnival of shit
i have been playing certain songs from this one recently.it always fits.rain or shine.you know what u mean .
its for those moments where sensual meets smooth and you are in your provocative mood .. its saxophone perfect
expressivethis guy just won't get off the couchwho doesn't share this feeling many mornings ? mars seems to sing effortlessly
a great alternative rock album featuring the great tom morello and excellent songs like guerrila radio and calm like a bomb.very highly recommended .
i cant tell you how much i love this song ! its totally the love song of the year ! a must download .
downloaded this music on my work computer to keep us all in the christmas spirit here at work . we all love it ! it is great background music .
what a great album ? so many jams non-stop.tramp still bumps too this day.otis redding & carla thomas sound fantastic together.the music & production are right on time .
fat joe's pop appeal is running low look for him to be in the 2000 where are they now list next fall .
i am not a huge kesha fan and pitbull's songs are hit or miss with me so this one is ok but not the best out there
this album is o . k beats lyrics are ok 1 star for guest apperingsthe other 3 stars are for the whole album.nice album
meth and red are a perfect duo . rza should have done more tracks , but all in all , this is a great , funny album .
although i bought this cd for just one song , " little talks , " i was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the other songs
the singer sounds a bit like joe cocker wit a little chris robinson thrown in . love the reverby guitar on this recording !
very good cd of all time first cd amazing all the hits listen to the whole cd over and over for hours add this to your cdcollection
i dig it give it a few listens love it or hate it waye does have talent
freedy johnston / this perfect world : this singer-songwriter is great at both . touching and catchy , this album gets five stars .
like i said same old bs . i aside from the whole 50 things . he is nothing special and neither is this album .
out of all ... the dynasty ... did not sit well for me ! ! ! ... but he came back with a blast from blue print 1 .
this was the cd that made me listen to the music and realy understand this man called dmx there is no one realer 4 sure
thank you amazon for having this available . i purchased this to replace an old lp . i have always love this release .
got this for my girlfriend who is a lady gaga fan and to be honest she's starting to rub off on me
another hip-hop album with the same tired ghetto-wannabe lyrics , boring backbeats and childlike stabs at humor . when will this misery end ?
awesome early album from the jackson 5 . a must have for any michael jackson fan . this helped me complete my mj collection .
love this song and i could listen to it over and over . it downloaded great and sounds really good all the time .
excellent lyrics and powerful melodies . stevie wonder at his best . a pleasure to listen to . i would highly recommend this stevie wonder cd !
taylor's done it again ! her best album yet ! strong vocals , amazing lyrics , amazing songs ! great job , taylor ! you never dissapoint .
this is a great song ! it's basically " new york , new york " for the current generation . it has feeling and is catchy .
i love alligator records ' music . nice bluesy christmas song , and it is not a slow one ! get your blues fix at christmas .
cute song but gets tiring . reminds me of playing on a playground with all the " weeeeeeee " in it . but cute song for teens
man g unit is falling apart his artists are slipping and good thing 50 has other venues coming because his music and rap crew sucks .
gino , just find a way to release the " twisted heart " sessionswith some inciteful liner notes and i'll be happy : > )
i bought this for my son and he was thrilled to have it ! this whole cd has some good music on it !
this is another fun creation from the group ! what a great job . each song is sing-along-able . yeah ! ! !
really , really , really love this song . it gets stuck in your head and is so fun . i blame loving it on my add . :)
delivery clyrics cproduction cstyle c + heart c + ( becuz of buck ) overall c
i must have liked some songs on this one . they are great musicians .
classic album ... every song is awsomebefore you judge xzibit off of restless or man vs . machine , at least give this a listen
from the objective reviewer ... " shine on through " is the one decent song , but elton and pop disco don't work well together .
phyllis hyman had a voice that would just make you melt . she had it all . she left us much too soon and she is surely missed .
his cds r in every car and truck i own this man has helped me threw some of the roughest times of my life if he only knew
just give her the lifetime grammy now ! having the top selling album for this long deserves something ! would it have worked in any other decade ?
the cd arrived pretty quickly and was in the condition quoted . very happy with it .
the refused are a pair of arms that penetrate your flesh to pull out the rage and hurt and every feeling of overwhelming defeat from inside your heart .
very awesome song to have and to listen to . i really like the whole beat and tune of the song .
this album is tight as f * * * i bump it all the time every track is bumpin defiently luxury tax wit wayne and jeezy .
the vocals are lame and " daughteryesque " . the instrumentation is pop / rock and has been done before.the lyrical content is cheesy at best.boring.boring.boring .
one of the best albums every made . by one of the greatest groups of my generation . so much fun and talent there !
if not the continual quantum shift forward from the brilliant arrival point of tb , this is as solid as mainstream classic r & b got on record .
my son and i love silly st . patrick's day songs ... and this is our absolute favorite . i recommend this to all irish lovers ...
this masterpiece came at a time when stevie was at his best and generally speaking popular music was amazing.includes my favourite song " visions " .
one of my all-time favorites ! this song is so unique , an unusual tempo and funky lyrics a perfect free song by a great group .
i love the lyrics to this and the voice off the singer . it's is a beautiful song that those who like kate perry and adele might like .
my least favorite simon album . the writing is forced and inconsistent . not very good .
this is an awesome ludacriscd best songs : rolloutsaturdaycoming 2 americamove b * * * area codes
darius rucker is one of the better country music singers , darius rucker sings from the heart ! love his music !
if you are fan of this singer you will find the music highly enjoyable . great listening and dance music . give to friends as well as gifts .
before anybody thought about wearing boots , baggy jeans , fly hats , bbd was doing it . think about it . the cd slams also .
this is right their with their first album . it is a very good album .
more great funk / electonica music by the modern day funk masters . great beats , rhythms , and marvelous bass lines . keep the soul alive guys !
stand out tracks are 2,3 , 6,7 , 10 , and 11 . i wore this cd out when it first dropped .
trash , i rather listen to mc hammer then this clown . most wack rappers atleast have good beats . this wack rap is killing the genre
painted desert serenade is a few years old but i just got it.been listening to it nonstop.kadison is a great singer and lyricist .
i love this song ! it has a great beat and the vocal is beautiful . what's not to love ? buy it !
his voice when he raps puts you in that oldschool gangsta vibe.sound does sellthe most respected in da southfree the pimp aka trill n * * *
once a teddy fan , always a teddy fan . his romantic ballads will live forever in the hearts of many who loved his voice , style and talent .
this album is amazing . cop this . its been a long wait to hear scarface but its worth it
willie nelson still brings his outstanding style of singing to this cd ! the duets are priceless ! willie is country music !
if you liked thier first cd buy this one . if you dont have their first one buy them both , they are good from beginning to end
start to finish - she does what she does best - everything - ballads and dance - supreme ! !
this came out when i was in hs and i wore the cassete out.the perfect mix of southern tinged rock and pop.deinately the height of their success
catchy , upbeat and for not being a taylor swift fan it's one of the few i like by this artist .
spritely piano , capable guitar , impressive mandolin and gorgeous pipes make this a very beautiful , soothing addition to a christmas collection .
my header pretty much says it : their music is a celebration of life.good stuff .
kate nash has guts ! ! ! this album is ultimate brit-pop greatness ! ! ! love the album , can't wait 2 hear more from her ! ! !
very nice song that stays in your head and has true meaning . good for any occasion . can't go wrong with rihanna .
this album is hot feat 12 hot tracks jay did his thing on thiscd.holla back
ok lemme say this , everyone knows this album was golden , but c'mon if u haven't evn heard the album dun say its the greatest album ever .
i first heard her song no angel on g-string divas then i was hooked dido she is simply awsome .
i like this song and the power that comes from gaga's voice and the beats keep me working and focused while at the gym all the time !
i like all the songs on this cd which can be hard to find . the songs are wonderful . i'm very happy with my purchase of it .
one of his best cd's was worth the money only brought it for one song but i like the whole cd
this is a great band and a great selection of music . it's folk music with a twist ! love this cd !
back in the day , jamming in the club ... he was that ni * * * ! i luv quik ... a keeper !
this is one of the who's better albums . well orchestrated and taped well for a rocking good time . if you like live tracks , get this one .
this song has been around for a while now but it will always be one of my favorites . katy perry is the best !
this is the worst cd i have in my cd collection men in black the soundtrack is better than this peice of * * * ! ! !
not bad , still ok too here it again . too - short is one of those rappers who never get old . good
i really enjoy my moon , my man , so sorry , i feel it all , and sealion to name a few . its good music .
cassidy finally makes the cd we all knew he could make . been waiting this cd from him after his first two way too commericalized cds .
what a merry xmas listening to this cd ! this album is great and soulfuli hope this album sells a lotanthony will become a soul legend
one of the prettiest love songs ever ... really makes me feel warm and fuzzy whenever i play it in my beautiful theme music collection .
bruce please go back to writing about real world topics . writing about ghosts is idiotic .
this is a pretty good cd that shows that michelle has a lot of musical range , kind of poppy but what isn't today
simply one of the best albums from the late 70s ! streetwave absolutely rawks ! buy this , you won't be disappointed . a + + + !
love the album . love the mix . i just wish there were more multi-channel sacds on the market .
i gave this cd four out of five stars because even though it's a good cd , it's not mind-blowing . it is one of their best cds though .
great edition , sounds fantastic , i am not sure if they have more in stock , but absolutely i am happy with the main source ..
yeah it's missing some of the other great songs from marvin . that means go buy the album that contains the other hits .
i love every cd they come out with , i think that every cd they come out with is better then the year before . worth the money
all great songs , catchy and has tons of relistening potential ! this is one of the better albums to come out this year .
what better way to change up a christmas carol than to make it sound hawaiian ? i love when this comes up in the mix during my christmas music !
el disco llego muy rapido y en exelentes condiciones.se recomienda este vendedor.saludos a todos los fanaticos de los vinilos que es el mejor formato para escuchar musica
i have always liked the spinners as a musical group . their music is disco . i have always enjoyed disco music . it is a good cd .
splash waterfalls is so off the chain ! i love to play this song it's so tight !
j-lo still continues to amaze with her ability to sing after all of these years and all of the drama . that is true talent .
good album from start to finish . i haven't heard some of thesesongs for awhile .
it's the spinners - mightly love - a great disc - timeless , too ! five stars ! !
wanna hear what a great recording sounds like ? get this . put it in your cd player . press start . then listen .
i really don't know what to say about this record that has not already been said . one of the best records ever .
what did we ever do without the talented il divo ? great blending of voices , good choice of songs , emotional , heartfelt sing--these young gentlemen are terrific !
a great disc from the brothers johnson . my favorites : stomp , treasure and light up the night ! oh , yes ! ! five stars ! !
niiice album . nice to just sit and relax to . some good stuff in the cd .
bonnie at her best as always ! she is awesome and i love this music as it crosses barriers in the way she belts it out .
excellent rock and roll . in the cold cold night meg's vocals are reminiscent of peggy lee's fever . brave guitar sound . loud and provocative . i recommend .
i would like a little more variety . and does vocalist have to speak on every song ? i guess he does .
everything said in the title . game went hard on this an nobody really knows about it . go get this onebest tracksjesus piecename me kingpraysee no evilhallelujahali bomaye
i cant stop singing and agreeing with this artist song . so true about what love makes you do in life .
this albums bring back a memories when i was in high school , been looking for this album for months and glad that i found it
this is a group i never heard of before and they sound like so many others out there today . one
you got one cash money album you got em all . ( and it all sucks )
so you like great voices ? this is a great voice . so you like great lyrics - got em too . perfection .
timbaland's beat is boring kanye did'nmt impress me neyo sucks like always keri's alright though swear all this neosoul is sounding more like techno .
this is one of the top k-pop songs out today . great flow and sound and obviously very popular with a fun dance .
classic cube ... whatever happened to the days of rappers really speaking the truth and what was on their minds ? keep it real !
to me it talks of loneliness and isolation . it helps me realize it is not so bad . also at the same time it makes me believe more .
this cd sounds pretty good . i purchased it for 2 songs only , which i love .
white flag ... wow ! ! ! that song is awesome ! i enjoyed all of the songs . beautiful voice and a keeper on my cd shelf .
this cd sucks , i wouldn't suggest this album to jay-z himself , this is a bunch of crap , don't buy it .
i love this new cd ! ronald did good ! congrats to kandy and ronald on their new baby ! 5 star cd ! * * *
as with most modern hip-hop it is okay the first few times you listen to it , but then it gets old and loses its intrigue .
this is an awful album which should be best left behind in the eighties.dated boring dance pop music which you should avoid at all costs.no stars .
straight up , this album sucks , the lyrics is wack and so is the beats . mystical next time do beter .
buddy guy knows how to sing the blues . this is an excellent album to add to a collection . very good listening !
this is a pure classic-pure and simple - a pure classic - every joint is bangin - this is what we call real hip hop
chistion gray all the time when i here this song thats how i learn about this song and it is hot " 50 shades of gray "
vanilla ice can rap better than 50 cent somebody needs to geta dollar buck and knock this retarted bitch out
seems like they were just trying to make an extra buck by releasing versions that weren't included on the other cd .
" inner city life " is one of the best songs that i've ever heard . this is an incredible cd .
great , i repeat great cd , well worth the money . it's one of her best !
remember this cd . oh my ! love this cd , purchased two of this item , one for me and one for my sister in law !
i really enjoy this disc not only for " the girl from ipanema " but the other tracks as well . very strong effort .
i love flipper and i don't think that they were a grunge band . i can't see them opening for blind melon . grunge bites .
great songyou'll love itthis lady sings her little heart outshe's awsomebuy ityou will likefive star
i had been searching for some of tweet's music and now i have found it . i would definitely advise the purchase of this soulful cd .
my children picked 10 songs each to put together a dance cd and this was one of them . kept them moving !
listen closely and the words are wonderful ... can listen to this one time and time again . hope you enjoy it as well
this is one of the finest goth albums ever made ! every song is a classic.buy , buy , buy ...
very cool cd from what i believe to be a new band ... hard core rock and roll for the most part . you will not be disappointed
what a great album ! never heard of this band until one song on the radio - - the whole album is awesome .
adventurous , visionary bits of ear candy to catalyze wonderful new neural arrangements . spacey indeed .
we're not caught up in your love affair . thats a very interestingly interesting interest filled statement of interest to be interested in if you na mean .
i heard devil went down to georgia the other day and ran out and bought this album , it doesn't disappoint .
i love this album , it's so much fun to listen to . another one that remains in my car at all times .
got it off of secret life of an american teenager and was addicted immediatly i recommend it and the show
don't give your hard earned cash to this creep . dmx has been busted twice for animal cruelty . he's a weazel .
im soooo tired of hearing this song im so glad they have slowed down on playing it make a new song already ! !
dire straits has their own sound and this is a good collection of them . enjoy them . one of my favorite albums .
1 word says it all ... wackwho the hell produced this sh8 ? ... wackaint feelin this ... wackness
good christmas song . it was free so no complains here . nice words and music is nice to listen to . good
i think she tries a bit too hard . it's good , but just o . k .
sevyn streeter so far she great and her songs is to i love this songs who would fell in love with this songs
from start to finish , an excellently executed album with dope production from dj paul and juicy j . one of the best albums of 2006 .
another beautiful cd by loreena mckennitt . she is so talented and her voice is magical . my favourite song is the parting glass .
i didn't think it was possible but nickel creek surpased themselves and man is it awesome they are geniouses
this is a great soul album that , other than the superior modern sound quality , sounds like it was found in a lost time capsule from the 70s .
a hasbeen rapper wack beats trying to hard to be mainstream his career is through .
she's too cool for me , and my friend calls her provocative . i have to listen to her songs to understand what it means to be cool .
buisness as usual is an absolutely brilliant album and a treat for the ears.get this with their sophomore cd cargo .
than another air album ? wow , what an impressive group and what an impressive album . not just entertaining , but interesting as well .
grown up and spaced out is all i can say about this joint ... it's ablazing . must cop , real soulful . peace
ll cool j is back and smashing the game this album is highly recomended for real hip hop lovers tight stuff ll still got it back hard .
though the lyrics make little sence , the song is good and has a nice beat that people can rock out to .
the album version is slower and loses its punch . this radio edit is just the right length . more is not always better .
this is a good song ! great to dance to and workout to . pitbull always has good songs though . really gets the blood pumping !
this album is amazing ... bone thugs are one of the best . highlightsevery song ... the intro is insane
this the real big pun greatest hits ! his verses will live on forever - word is born ! ! buy this ! pun kills everyone on his verses !
this album is starting to age . it needs to be remastered . i will buy it again . overall a great album from begining to end .
i like this song and had to get it the kids like it a good beat with a good voice and the song has good meaning get it
2 1/2 a few standout moments do not justify all the artistic praise in what is essentially consciously experimental , hardcore punk-politics .
i love it.red hot chili peppers is great for older peoplethat still think their hip , tho .
who needs superman when you have superwoman . a voice that packs a huge punch . a great album . barbra's voice is timeless .
great album . black rob is awesome . i very occasionaly like east-coast musik but this is great . this album is definitely worth getting .
i hate e - 40 , but i gave this 3 stars cuz that song " rapper's ball " is off the hook !
listened to this whole 2 - disc set on a road trip yesterday.here ' s a tip.listen to mars first.but it's all good.and dani california is sweet home alabama .
one of the best dance / electronic songs you can find anywhere . the song is filled with some crazy beats . it's their best song to date .
who doesn't like clapton ? derek and the dominos music has always been some of my favorite clapton and this album of great classics doesn't disappoint !
started as my boyfriends favorite song that he played on report and now it has grown on me and i love it too
the game's second album is the best rap album ever . if you don't have it then go get it .
all of bob dylans music just blows and it sounds worse nowyour voice is boring and your voice is ignoring .
i love katy perry and this is another great song by her and a must have for any katy perry fan !
this is a good one to have because it has hits you don't hear any more on the radio now a days .
this is a nice best of and a great introduction to sade for the newbie !
loved this song since the second i heard it and i mean the lyrics hit home and the melody haunts yer mind all day after listening to it !
but i think the crossing were one hit wonders . this cd is well worth the price but there aren't a lot of really memorable tracks .
" astrolounge " is smash mouth's best release , it's good-sounding , not explicit . however , i should suggest using more instruments to these guys .
as good as da las ' album . the best song i would say is track 4 . really good album .
this cd is mad hot . i like all the beats to every song . ja brings it hard .
1 1/2 a bloated lightweight , pseudo-heavy , post-punk over-citation disguises its compositional inadequacies inside undercooked experimentation and wins due to such low relative expectation .
it wasn't quite what i was expecting considering the songs that i've heard on pandora . still a good album , just a little surprising .
a strong opening , if somewhat familiar ; the vocals on this track are crisp and clear and the lyrics are good too .
it katy perry first hit highly recommend it a very different song but if you collecting katy perry music it must have ! ! !
hard to categorize , but all the same great singer / songwriter . always with a top notch band . unique sound with continues to produce joy .
everything on this album is very deep and summed up in the title . another amazing ablum by the master leonard cohen .
good songs , all of them . too bad this is his last albume =(
bought this for my wife and it's a pretty good song . most of their songs are pretty good so i'm sure the album is worth it
this is a good intro album . kick back with a glass of scotch and listen to this one . very mellow . the music is fantastic .
sadly , this is boh's worst album to date . this album is tired , bland , and uninspired . what a terribly boring shame .
i was a fan of michael bolton from almost the beginning . loved his voice and the songs . will be listening to this cd for a long time .
i was waiting for justin timberlake to come back out , the singing world was a blur without him . and he came back stronger , better and smoother .
i got this one because it was offered for free . it is not something i listen to on a normal day but it's okay
if you are a black sheep fan then you will love wolf in sheep clothing add this to your collection .
hot album go get it really don't have to say much because when you go pick up a copy you will find out
this album was one of her best and still sounds great after all of these years . i enjoyed the interview on the dvd side .
the music is as bad as the woman behind it ... tacky ! horrible lyrics , music , and just over all blah ! don't recommend
great album , one of jay-z's best . an album you can bang from start to finish .
wat upthis is greatread my other review for the other smashmouthits the same as thismy favorite smashmouth cd
if you love hendrix , you'll be all over this . great performance , excellent recording . i am hoping the series of superb hendrix releases continues .
great song to dance to ! i like pitbull and ke $ ha . irs different and it's gets your heart pumping ... get it !
one of my favorite songs of last year . top 5 . i hope they continue producing really good music for a really long time .
kept hearing it on the microsoft commercial . had to buy it . i love this song . recommend to anyone who loves a good story .
this is one of the last cds i'll be buying for my buffett collection . thanks to amazon's selection . what a great cd !
this was a surprise for a christmas song to listen to . it should be added to your christmas song list too !
and thats the only good thing about the cd . dj quik sucks , but he got good hair .
each song has a great sound to it ! this album is much better than the one that came out after . definitely a buy . 5/5
deck the hallstwisted sisternow who doesn't love this beautiful song ? is exceptionally great as the twisted sisters sing it .
this is the best and my favorite r . kelly's album . nuff said .
this album is hot and g-unit is still blazing . almost every track is great . favorite is probablt stomp . its hot ! !
why this was even on my list of items to review , i never downloaded it .
my most favorite 80 ' s group . " all this love " is my all time favorite song . a must have for all debarge fans .
this album is a nice treat , maybe you could find some on a greatest hits album but not all these nice nuggets .
i didn't really care for this song and feel like i wasted my money , the preview sounded good but the rest of the song is trash
i just watched the music video and made me like the song even more .
i think this was a free song i down loaded to get the full version . once i down loaded it i didn't really care the full version .
i was extremly satisfied with this album . when u talk u only say something u already know - when u listen u learn what someone else knows ! !
this is one of the great hip-hop albums of all time . " deltron 3030 " is another one . buy this or live a deprived existence .
it is worth the money.it is relaxing to listen to while you read and i also play it while i go to sleep .
the hole world could relax if they would get this album ... think about it ?
this song brings back memories of my college years . i miss this type of music where the message was clear .
this album is so wack i rarely play it . dirt's first album was far better . this is actually a waste of money .
this a classic biggie is the man he has great lyrics pick this album up .
a great collection by singer / songwriter mickey newbury . my 2 favorites or " san francisco mabel joy " and " american trilogy " . worth a listen .
this is an exampleof paul mccartney , solo artist , wings , at his best .. intonationthroughout is ok ... andit holds together well
pitbull , you have done it again . how can you keep coming up with these awesome songs ? will your talent ever run out ?
been there done that sound . i can think of a thousand bands that deserve the deluxe remastering treatment over this drivel .
i can't wait to look back on this song and it's popularity in ten years . i'm picturing something along the lines of a vh1 special .
and , god forbid , do not miss out on this remastering . it makes this excellent cd that much more outstanding .
keep on walking did well on the r & b charts aswell.either way finally is definatly her biggest hit .
always been a fan of this hot mess ! this song makes me wanna speed down the road in my wreck of a car
one of my favorite christmas songs as nd this version dose not disappoint . i like the total instrumental of this song .
this is arguably fnm's best release . i think they're all gravy , but this one stands out for most .
great song . would definitely recommend this song to anyone who enjoys music , especially boy bands . onedirection seems to be the " it " band right now .
this album rewrote the rules of the motown hit factory . it was full of insperation and social commentary , with wonder producing , writing and playing himself .
ok i gave it 3 stars but next time i wont know fa show , i doubt if i'll cop tha next ! !
baby is a wack rapper , and whoever writes his music should be fired , enough said . not recommended .
i loved the documentary and doctors advocate , but this album is just averagetop tracksmoneymy lifedope boysangelletter to the kinglax files
do not purchase this download . track 15 has a serious glitch in it at about 2:30 seconds . it may well be in the master , too .
delivery a + lyrics aproduction c + style a + heart a + overall a -
i love joss's last album , but this is even better . fresh , soulful and full of personality .
some of the brit-pop & alternative act's most reliable work , with a track-by-track compositional consistency that puts apathetic future work to shame .
my g.daughter wanted this song , she loves it . selena has a very sweet , beautiful voice . she's going to go very far in her profession .
this album is better than his debut . it's leaner and meaner.rest in peace ol ' dirty .
this is a definate departure from the first album , its not bad , but not really " d12 " .
all 14 tracks are good . strange but good . their not your normal rock band .
when we were driving through the sinai , which was like being on the moon , this is one of the records we listened to .
this song is really well simple , it's a mixture of depression and romance . defiantly worth listening too , adele does very well ( like usual . )
i wasn't too impressed with this full album . i don't recommend buying it - - snagging it from another friend , sure ... buying it ? nah ...
that's what this song makes you . love this song . after the grammys , i had to get this song . just happy ! !
it is not a favoriteson gof mine but a good song . i would recommand to a friend or family member .
tanya was one of the good lady singers back then and i liked her tnt album also this one good to
i love this old music compared to new music . that is what makes it classic rock . thanks for making it available and keeping the price low .
crescent is a more relaxed album than what jazz legend john coltrane was later to offer . it was recorded in 1964 , precedinga love supreme . mighty fine !
i got this one for my father for fathers day thats comming up in june . he always like his music and his live stuff too .
this album is good , it was put together well . i'm happy with it , and would recommend it to eagle fans .
for any george fan , this is an excellent compliment for any incomplete collection of his solo work . rest in peace oh " quite beatle "
no jacket required , has favorites of mine like sussudio , one more night , don't lose my number and take me home . good cd .
i like the reggae sound a lot in this song . i heard it on the radio and really liked it a lot .
that is exactally what every album by this no talent hack sounds like but isure iron mike could write better lyrics .
this album has tons of meaning and his lyrics are wonderful . if you are a rap fan , this will not disappoint you ! !
love katy perry and all her music , the amazon cloud is great way to get music and hold it , use it all the time
no matter what critics ( including amazon's very own ) say , badmotorfinger is soundgarden's rocks . an all-time classic , their strongest effort across the board ... - craig
the lyrics ob this song are so powerful ans meaningful that it can be confusing whether it is paramore or not . but it is .
how did this become a hit ? surprised at how much i like it . highly recommended and in my top 5 this year so far .
i've always liked this song . it doesn't seem to ever go out of style as time goes by . fun to listen to .
this was a good listen for me . i wasn't very familiar with sarah mclachlan's music before this and now i've bought four of her other albums .
amazing cd , replacing the old vinyl . i loved seeing it on amazon . the service was great . i need to replace some others .
reminds me of the go gos . but a little less dramatic and more lively . enjoyable and entertaining . feels go to listen .
i can't believe this would get anything less than 5 stars . this cd is a classic ! jeezy keeps it 100 all day
juel's bored look on the album cover perfectly reflects the music it contains . great for insomniacs .
and to offset some of those uninformed 1 star reviews ... don't listen to them . this is a terrifically atmospheric album . buy it .
downloaded this to my amazon mp3 player . i have all of adele's albums and this is up there as on emy favorite songs .
great cd to add to any collection ... great range of songs , a great cd for any music lover ... go grab it
all i have to say is if u dont have it then u should go and get it .
this is so romantic and touching , i can picture him talking to someone very special in this song , it's a very upbeat song , will make you smile
this is a must have for serious d'angelo fans . this one will be in rotation for a long time . this is the d'angelo i want back .
how can you go wrong with carole king - stayed in bed all morning is something to strive for ! love it1
if you call yourself a fan of dj quik , you should feel required to listen to this album . it's wonderful .
if you enjoy high quality music , diamonds is a great place to start , period . this album was my intoduction to ben harper
this is the worst piece of crap ive ever heard . avoid at all costs .
a classic rock masterpiece ! ! ! a + five stars ! ! ! a landmark recording ! ! ! two thumbs up ! ! !
this is for lost teenagers who want to experiment drugs , and promiscuous sex .
one great disc amy grant did a standout cd ask me what a touching song that tells a story of child abuse
a great follow to the great milenko , their best album , and was well worth the 5 dollars i paid for it on sale . would highly recommend .
this is by far the most pathetic reunion album in the last 10 years . pure garbage from the fathers of gay goth , emo gayrock .
i like this song a lot , but i feel like it sounds like 50 million other songs . he he ha ha .
i like this song , it is worth buying and spending the money on . instrumentals and the vocals are great . good lyrics .
has some great songs on it . if you are a slow jam person , you would like it !
nothing special or great . it was downloaded to test my amazon download app . i listened to it but it was well .. ok
clue is kool with me no problem ... also grow up , me and my hommies buying his mix tapes , back in the 90 ' s
umm .. this album is trash . 50 cent is good , but the rest of the group sucks . go cop that .
lauryn hit solid gold with this album . the choice cuts are doo wop , everything is everything and lost ones . this deserves every grammy given to it .
this awesome cd contains all of blur's hits . a must have for all blur fans.brit pop at its best .
i don't live this way but it's still fun to sing along like i do . people with more money can do that every friday night .
the new ja album , like all ja albums is garbage . even though the beats are better , he still sounds like ja . avoid this .
this is another favorite group of mine and also how chaka kahn got her start . those were the days of good music .
this is carefree music , for sure . i have nothing else like it in my collection . much of it is very lighthearted . enjoy !
ih's third substitutes emo-dance production finesse for the nitty-gritty emotional melodics that sustained her past greater writings , if still creating a completely listenable driving disc .
? ? ? find another cd cause by now no limit has lost it .
this cd is okay , but come on this is supposed to be nofx . nofx has alot of better albums than this .
premier pop music at its peak . critics are sometimes without a clue . they were with this band . 19 ( ! ) great songs on one cd .
classic electronic pop album . not a bad song on the record . kevin barnes is the new thin white duke .. as in today's artists ..
great artistsof the 90 ' s great album great artistsof all time hooe come out more musicall the songs are off the hook
i love this song ever since i first heard on the radio and since him performed it on the grammys .
this disc is manily highlighted by grant green who sets the pace really highly.donald byrd's is good but green really stands out here.overall very essential music .
sorry jigga ! this wasnt.my best jay z cds but i do love bonnie and clyde and excuse me miss ! the other songs are ok !
money for nothing . well they sure put in time to make this recoding .
this is what music should be about . tom waits ' best album & one that will change the way you think about music . experience it !
no more stairway to heaven ! ! ! i got myself a new favorite band
hits , hits , hits . i love all the songs on here and this is metal at its best . get this along with survival of the sickest .
that's all ! if you like dance music and unique stuff , beautiful things has really nice lyrics and a great beat !
i have no problem with this cd . good old music nice and clear everyone should have this . besides this i do not know other one's she gots .
sade is an angel on earth , so beyond woman.this album is a master peace .
only worth buying for two songs . the trippy " porpoise song " and " daddy's song " , where davy goes sammy davis jr . on the audience .
it's still amazing though , perhaps his most pychdelic album . a gem of soorts
very awesome song . love the harmony and the up beat tone to the song . a must have for the holidays .
carol king emerged from the social revolutionary sixties still holding a flower in her hands , hence flowerpower . beautiful energy has she .
it was great i loved the albumis a must-have.all the tracks aregreat in all honestly .
the electronic sounds the east indian sounds mixed in with her mature voice and meaningful lyrics . i think this is one of her best albums to date .
i bought this for my husband . it is good if you are a paul fan . so i enjoyed it but my husband listens to it more .
i already have this on amazon cloud . please remove this from my account-i don't and won't pay twice . how did this happen .
katy perry is wonderful . her music is catchy and happy and this song is a must have for any katy perry fan !
love this song . heard it on the voice . the words , the melody , the singer . it is one of my favorites .
this is awful . i'm so sick of hearing this song.someone put her to sleep and ban her from radio indefinitely .
this album is simply wonderful . " throw away your television " sucks , but everything else on here is awesome .
i have a lot of her music . this cd is wonderful you can always count on her for a quality cd .
this is a solid effort from massive attack , not as good as their previous work but still solid.if you like massive attack you must get this .
still bangs . lyrics and real gangster ish . a shame he lost his voice and was real . had mad potential but made timeless near classic . po .
i got this song just by the 20 seconds they give u to listen to it . i liked it .
eminem and the rest of d12 are classic . intense album and i mean that in a good way . makes you laugh too ! !
i have only one thing to say and that " well done ' ' .
not of the exact same caliber as their first but good though . it's raw and powerful with mind blowing lyricism .
today i with this rain i feel full of anger , but it is the autumn so the record of today is : white blood cells of the white stripes
this is a fun song from christina . i love watching her on the voice and am sad that she is leaving but excited because she is touring again
a required listening for students of hardcore gangsta rap . it's magic on a cd . very necessary . i got my copy .
energetic if predictable blues-rock , beck's influence is deserved but an esteemed debut is little more than dirty-white blues 101 .
this is a really nice soulful sound from gnarls barkley i heard on the radio and decided to download the mp3 . toe tapping tune .
on fire and runnin with the devil are greatest songs ! they will be played in my home many many times !
if u want a good disc pick up the new afroman disc . its a good time
it's scarface , what else can i say . if you haven't heard this album before then you are not a real hip-hop fan .
paul simon visits the world music again with great results . interesting sounds . i recommend it highly . best in years . get it .
i started not liking this song and as it continue to play on the radio i finally fell in love with this song and its sound .
now despite what anyone says this is unlistenable . i loved costello but here really ... avoid at all costs .
very nice refreshing music . great to travel , work and dance to . worth taking a chance on .
more joan jett and the blackhearts are awesome . this is rock and roll .
one of my fave albums ever . this is when eminem reveals his soft side for the first time . very intense in a good way
its rufus man . all time funk music at his best . you should already have this by now . if you do not git it now
mike jones major label debut ! ! ! go cop it ! ! ! classic ! ! !
i love this music . one republic is definitely a good band and i highly recommend this song . listen and enjoy .
several great pop tracks , exquisitely arranged , make for pleasurable , relaxing listening . however , a few tracks sound like filler to me .
3 1/2 d'ange strives for a smooth but gritty , instrumentally-stressed , eclectic neo-soul masterwork and comes just short of lofty ambitions .
well i bought the wrong cd . i wanted the dance amd i got this instead . not very good . there is mabey 3 good songs on the cd
been rolling with mary from day 1 . she never disappoints , and i enjoyed her acting too . keep growing and continue to have a blessed life .
the music and vocals blend into a joyful sound that encourages you to listen to more of their creations . a sure winner for any library .
worth it for " dont call me brother " alone ... phillie at its best ..
just buy it , you know it's good . cameo was smooth , is smooth . com ' on now , it's old school .
willie nelson is great no matter which style of music he sings ! he can cross over from country music to traditional vocal pop easily !
hardly anything past exotic stepcercise playing at your local gym save the oft-cited and featured-elsewhere png .
i like this song after i first heard it on the radio and justin and jay-z is two artist that i like .
finally this song released . i kinda like britney's british accent . let's hope this will be her next number one song .
i always check out the new free songs from amazon . this is a great song for free ... very relaxing , retro and tropical sound .
oh the steps we made off this song when we were young . can still feel the fun from yester years .
the man has had a very long career and still making music.that ought to tell you something about this singer.he is just plain awesome and never disapoints .
i normally love the celtic woman.but this is not their best version.good but not great.wonderful music and harmony as usual .
well , what's to say , it's flipper . you're either going to hate them or hate them . yeah , that's clean .
was short some 60s oldies and this was on sale . great songs to include a bunch i didn't have on cd .
not the best cd of 2012 , but it is enjoyable . some songs are repetitive to me , but other songs are fairly good .
fun , good old rock music . nothing complex about poison's music , just a party on an album . not for all music fans , listen before purchasing !
this was jimi's first album . every song a classic . to think that he had all this together so early on . get it now !
ive given this music to friends who are in love . it is sensual , romantic and it is a treasure . so beautiful and creamy !
i had this cd back in the days and it broke got me a new one brings back memories . lovely cd .
i got this cd for my girlfriend .. its got a few nice tracks .. and she listens to it every few days ..
for his single debut i did like this album . he's got some good songs on here .
this is an excellent greatest hits from a great american band . best ofs are dicey at best but these guys pulled it off . must have .
i like this song , it is worth buying and spending the money on . instrumentals and the vocals are great . good lyrics . ( wife )
katy is on a roll with putting out great songs . this is one of her best , especially after watching the great video !
though a few certifiable notches below what was their creative peak a decade before , jamiroquai's bag of tricks have fallen from grace in an easily digestible manner .
this is definitely my favorite simon and garfunkel album . every song is amazing and the cover is awesome . i love these guys !
i loveeeeeeee rihanna and this song is so dope . the beat is great and her verses are too . the whole album is dope
300 reviewers are not wrong ... but we are right about one thing ... we dig something different .
this is a classic whitney music when we still had her . this is some great music when she could sing ! i highly recommend it !
best song by laramie because i can't stop listening to it very catchy song and no one can't say ain't it fun
this is such a fun song ! it is lively and entertaining . it's one of our party favorites and requested . i recommended it happily !
it's a fun party song , very catchy . the chorus sounds a little different than the version i hear on the radio .
so fonky ... it [ rocks ] ! you wish that there was a movie that went with it . the best cd of his 70 ' s work .
jason mraz .. enough said ! he is an excellent artist that writes some amazing songs ! i love listening to his music .
another nice reissue in the series of kool and the gang albums , with great sound , artwork , and liner notes.highly recommended .
other than this , don't expect much from this guy . this one is really good though , don't pass it up !
great song and very catchy tune and lyrics . if you like lady gaga , you're going to like this song . i highly recommend it
its good a good song a good purchase so overall it should have a good future in your webstie amazon
wow man ... i was so f'd up when i put this cd in ... and then i got more f'd up ... and then i ate ... allot
i like a mix of music , but this stuff is crap . are they for real ? i'd rather listen to fingernails down the chalk board .
this song sticks in your head long after you listen to it . pitbull and havana brown have a club anthem here
let her go is a groovy kind of track . old school beat yet timeless to listen to . memories of an old flame come to mind .
we knew she could bare us emotionally with her own compositions , then she manages to unleash that same power revisiting covers . it was foreshadowing .
this was free and i didn't even download it . i'm not a big fan of the harpsichord and this is not my style .
very pretty addition to my long list of christmas music . recommend highly . i love when amazon has specials on single songs , especially when they are free !
this is a fun song ! everytime i hear it , i think of my 3 little nephews dancing to it at my wedding ! ! :-)
great listening and addition to my long drive library . very happy with the purchase . now i have it all by this addition to it .
i enjoyed his greatest hits and essentials album . this last album of his is a great one to get if you like his music .
it's a good song - that's why i bought it . not a huge guns and roses fan but this song is catchy and the guitar riff is amazing
this song is a song that i think will become one people will remember . would buy the whole album just because of this song .
this is and awsome song that reminds me of the awesome movie everytime i play it . skyfalls one of a kind ! ! !
this album is : deep , dark , and nasty . no bs , no r & b , just straight up gangasta rap .
got this track because i liked it when i first heard it and its a great jam with the ladies
the lumineers offer a fresh take on the music scene . they remind me a little bit of some early jayhawks music .
i've loved this album since about 1983 or so . it always puts me in a good mood !
this cd is whaaaaacccckkkkkkk ! ! ! ... da only good song on this cd is " trap house " ...
this cd is great for any mood u are in , if blue than he will join u there with his music
loved david cook then and still love him now but wonder what has happened to him - he was a great american idol .
this is an excellent cd , it's just not enough . maybe they will expand it into vol . 2 , vol 3 , etc .
that's right , i gave your cd one star , you sick fat trash .
is what makes this album for me . it's not the hits , but track 4 with the atypical time signature . like that .
love this album ! ! as always , simon and garfunkel are amazing . definitely a good buy . the cover is awesome as well .
definitely has the alternative vibe to it and withba catchy rhythm to it , there is nothing q wrong with this song
i enjoy his old stuff and new . his albums are great to have if you are a fan on his .
this is john's masterpiece ... and he will only make better albums from every release . buy it ! nothing more needs to be said .
he came back with a good beats and good rhyms it is a good cd ! ! !
jeezy has been putting in work for a hotlanta minute , so his respect is long over due . tight cd , can't wait till his next one .
#16 on this album is the best song of all time : murda 4 life ( featuring memphis bleak )
i use this song in my class that i teach at the ymca and they all seam to love it .
i love duran also grace jones even though she don't sing that much it does sound good with them in the back
actually i let her go and i couldn't be happier . i'm really not sure what he is whining about . next !
i purchased this to replace an old lp i had . the songs still sound just as good as i remembered .
the song no way is extremely well done . other than that it's off to the used cd store with this one .
i like lorde very much . for a 17 - year-old , she displays a remarkable degree of maturity . one of new zealand's greatest exports .
more on the light side of synth music . if you like erasure neuropa you'll like this . take on me is one of the happiest melodic songs ever .
38 songs of michael jackson's top songs ! wow , can't beat that for this price . i'm very happy with this purchase .
a cool song with a nice beat that is sure to capture your interest . looking for a song to share ? this is it .
this is an excellent old school compalation , there is not a bad song and dre's funky production keeps up well with the dope lyrics provided
exelente el disco , la tapa el embalaje , y llego muy rapido.se recomienda a este vendedorle doy 5 estrellas porque realmente se lo merece .
steely day always kicks it . lots of good material on this effort . steely dan was one of the best bands of their time .
this was a different type of christmas song but very nice . you should download this one for christmas list for next year !
i like the sass and the upbeat music in this song . the vocals are great and this is a very energetic song .
really inpressed with beanie's work . loved the tracks bread and butter , and both tracks with peedi .
rza is not a rapper and unfortunately he reminds us about that throughout this album ...
i love every song on here she is such a poet and beautiful songstress . creativity at it's finest . buy it !
i never herd of the group , but i find the whole cd to be very entertaining and worth listening too .
this cd has me going back in time . love it ! have to share it with my friends . love the jacksons .
this is all carly . the sound that only she posesses . she is a classic . i loved this album . what more can i say .
this song is way too repetitive . shows lazy songwriting on her or her team's part . lacks the magic of past singles like lights or anything can happen .
i think this is a great song . never heard of this group before . i ' ll surely check out more songs from them .
check out a real hip hop artist like afroman . his disc jambs . join the streetteam on his website . truly be a part of his recoreds
aerosmith's " get your wings " was a success , among many people questioned aerlier . it's okay .
halcyon is the best , other than that , the other tracks aren't that good .
not much to really say about his one . it's just ok in my book .. the price was right on this one !
making this record , stevie wonder would often stay in the studio 48 hours straight , not eating of sleeping , while everyone around him struggled to keep up
truly one of elo's best ! elo just sounds better with age ! had to add this to my cd collection
if this doesn't make you happy or want to get up out of your seat , you're screwed . brilliant , funky , wonderful tunes .
one of the most melodic and appealing of jazz albums . getz , joao gilberto , and astrud gilberto make for a formidable and winning team . pure pleasure .
this one's on the top 5 albums of all time list . 2 discs full of classics from the fallen soldier . how long will we mourn him ?
got this free , don't remember why or how . i think i've listened to it once and just never taken it out of my playlist .
the remastering is nice on this and the bonus tracks are cool . overall a very nice package indeed .
elton john is the best musician in the world and this album proves his geniouse all his songs are great
this album is ok.life after death was way better.these r the only good tracks 3,4 , 6,14 . don't buy this get some singles .
you'll love listening to bruno mars singing this song . he is one of the best new singers i've heard lately .
double live gonzo is an all time classic heavy metal masterpiece ! the versions of stormtroopin and motor city madhouse are incredible ! the guitar solo's are mind blowing !
i didn't care for this at all . noisy and scattered . didn't do anything for me .
7 of 10 lyrics 8 of 10 beatsclipese need to step there game up on new album
este cd esta muy suave esta mejor que el que trae un dvd gran cantante alicia keys
this is the best cd of all time . if you are a true michael jackson fan , then you must own this one .
his best since el corazon and one of this decades best . you can't go wrong with this one if you are already a steve earle fan .
my dad wanted this cd and it arrived fast and nice n clean .. hes been riding around listening to it and hes pleased ..
i enjoyed his albums and box sets . this one is a great one to get if you like his live show .
it ` s good to see that it was some good music in the 80 ` s.and it ` s not only good , it ` s amazing
this is a great collection of john denver's music . it's so soothing and pleasant to listen to . i have also found no remakes of the songs .
this music was dedicated to the three musicians called : the big bopper , richie valens , and buddy holly . thanks a lot for the memories .
what a fresh and hopeful sound . wonder's hope about the world shines through on every track . a super cd . i'm glad i purchased it .
this man is off the hook . dmx rips the mic with those dog barks and lyrical flow . this is his best album .
this is great rock . if you like maroon 5 , you will like alex clare . this song has great lyrics and a good beat .
who doesn't like blondie , great rock music , great to jam to and enjoy an upbeat day . loving it and enjoying great music
this is some of her very early work , great music . i love this woman's work . any of her albums are well worth buying .
i only learned about this cd through the film - what a find . it is so electric and incredible . i highly recommend .
funny heartbeat by kisses is great from beginning to end . i loved this song and i would definitely recommend it .
the quality of this recording is impeccable . willie and his duet partners perform with feeling and the quality of the musicianship is fantastic . awesome cd !
this is her 2nd best album from her behind " jagged little pill " in my opinion ! the album has great song's and alanis sounds great !
there's a couple of tracks that i skip over , but for the most part this was a great debut . another classic to anyone's cd collection .
i like every track on this cd . this was in strong rotation in my car and my house .
i have many of her cds ... this is by far my favorite . classic . a must own for any fan of pure country .
really like this song . . touches everyone who has been through a bad relationship . . got back on there feet again and roar . .
this was not bad . a lot better than a lot of the stuff i have heard . think it could be better .
good fun cd . if you like his other stuff you'll like this , it's enjoyable , upbeat , fun , likable , accessible . you'll love it
lookin ' through the windows contains good songs , but goin ' back to indiana isn't so good with introes , medleys ...
you can feel that stevie wonder was about to explode.the music here is good as his voice is strong through out.very overlooked album.worth a listen .
aww i remember poison . that was the jam ! they were all good while it lasted .
snoop dogg is a playd out raper he only had 1 good cd that was produced by deth row and the rest of his cd's s $ % k
mafia inspired beats done very well over some ill street rhymes make this a must own for any fan of rap !
now this was a song to dance to and the beat was great . i truly recommend this one even if it is dated .
goofy a $ $ country twan thang but strangely , it works . da pit puts da ' 305 innit . strangely pit & kesha are simpatico
what can you say , love this song and great to dance along with in the car when traveling . may have a new favorite group
a must have for any music lover . one of the best cd's made in recent years . you definitely get what you pay for with this pride .
paul simon has the greatest gift for many . the songs he right is great . i can listen to him al day .
with out a doubt it is hard to find this it is way out of print but is worth the hunt 10 of 10 lyrics 10 of 10 beats
great diversity with tempo and feel . obviously some classic tunes . keep moving and grooving like always.they hit their stride on this one .
john denver'c voice shines here and is one of joy and fun ... bringing the rockies to the public and making them wish to be in nature .
oops - i meant to say replace apollo 9 with live version of vive le rock from live aid , on the last review
this album is smooththis ablum can be playedat anytime.all the songsare funky and laidit's a must-have .
i brought the cd for one song that i liked , but i found the whole cd to be entertaining and worth the money
his rapping is so corny ! don't believe the hype on 50 .. get a good album from biggy instead .
not so great cant beat the first two ... not as dark inmy opinion but its still okay ... dmx is still hot though ...
one of ep's better albums , and one of the most solid albums of the 70s ... loved the whole album ... not too much more to say
2pac is a great rapper in his time as will past it , his music , always will one of the great ones
this cd has a number of songs that were continually played on the radio and were good . i enjoy thier music .
this is one helluva band . and really greased on this early 70s gem . go get it . it's wonderful .
this is an ok compilation but there was room for more songs on the discs and he had more good stuff that should've been on it .
this record is quite enjoyable . but only occasionally - i . e . " gett off " - does its transcend craft and touch genius .
the jackson 5 have always soared above the rest to me . love it . playing all my cds back to back . over & over again .
i got this album because i liked ledisi . she didn't disappoint me . her album is inspiring and recommend it to everyone .
its slightly more bubble-gummie than their first album but if you dont feel a groove , then you dont have a pulse .
wes montgomery is a super musician and if you don't have this album you are missing something quite nice indeed .
buy this and also the dreamer if you want to truly experience this talented songstress at her best . no one can sing like etta .
3 1/2 creative classic rock digs deep with some memorable melodies , evading excellence from the little disposable hippie pop and fuzzed-out overkill heard .
this was a solid effort by fitz and the tantrums . i enjoyed the album all the way through . they bring a wonderful retro-cool to the music scene .
keith rolls and smooths a lady at any time and us men are the beneficiaries ... thanks , for some great bedroom and dancing music and a great voice .
i have never heard anyone not love this awesome song ! it captured my heart from the first time i heard it , i love it ! great price !
i love this cd as well . i've been watching her on palladia with jeff beck and am really impressed with her talent .
i really like this song and i really like a lot of stuff by coldplay . i'm glad that i bought this .
mariah - just keeps getting better . unlike the has-been madonna , this music is fresh and high quality . highly recommended .
love this song , from breaking dawn 1 , love that it's during the credits so all of it plays , so romantic !
this is much like the album back in business by epmd , which is also a good album . a good album by a classic duo !
this album is fantastic . has all of the songs that i was looking for without a bunch that didn't interest me .
sink yo money into the new afroman disks ... he cares about his listeners and the music wontdisappoint ... [ ... ]
yo , this cd is pretty tight , if you like hardcore westcoast gangsta rap . then you'll like this one . peace .
this group is so great at songs ! i get a huge kick out of how they hide the meaning for kids sake , lol
good quality and i recommend all of funs music . i love this song it makes my soul feel the apparitions of certain past times .
i bought this record because i have heard good things from friends . but to me , it's just okay . not quite as energetic as i hoped .
i have to get a cd copy of this great album , this group have impact the mid 80 ' s good music for them hot summer nights
i heard this song on the radio and i just had to add it to my playlist ! really great song . r . holland
if i ever hear another song from her again , i'm just going to go freakin crazy !
" get lucky " is without a doubt loverboy's best album . great songs from beginning to end . ' nuff said .
they are awesome in concert ! love her passion and her huge attitude ! classics of mid-nineties with style ! i love her music now !
clasic man these mugs are the lorsds produced my marley marl the beats are hitting and i am still feeling this after all trhese years .
there is nothing that compares to the sound of her voice . i enjoy listening to this album whenever i have a chance
except for those annoying interludes . lauryn hill is the greatest , most versatile artist of all time .
i broke my rule of having to like at least 3 songs to buy an album . i lucked out and the whole album is fantastic .
how can you rate this . it's a classic , do do so would be bad . my favorite song is dirty diana .
this song was used in my wedding . i really enjoyed listening to this song , i would suggest listening other songs by pink .
i am not a big katy perry fan , but this is a cute , sing-along type song , and i wanted to hear it again .
this is 50cents best work if you ask me ! how can anybody front like its not true ! this cd showed 50 in the prime of his career !
rzekwon kills them again he and method man are the illest from the wu-tang and they are nothing you can touch
if you want to go crazy put this on . good for workouts.my favorite cult album .
this early ej is like magic . you can see the start of the growth of a very gifted musician ! !
want to know what the sound of a desperate mid-life crisis sounds like with guitars ? just listen to zeitgeist .
" waiting ... " is a rip-off of " people get ready " by curtis mayfield ... except it's way less soulful , interesting , meaningful or original .
this album romps around and bangs keys but is most notable fori want youa most stark tightjaw tingling song young man i do believe you're dying
i agree with everyone else , this is a great collection of expose's music . my favorites : come go with me , seasons changefive stars for expose !
poor ole iggy , so full of guts and brains , and got so little recognition . how can we ever make it up to you ?
cube took u to school on this 1 ! a must have for true hip hop fans ! i ve bought it twice !
joni is one of the great singers that came out to relax and enjoy her music forever let it live on
jimi hendrix is missed man but his music will carry us threw another century i like that there will be no subsitute jimi all the way
this song has good music . very upbeat and fun to listen to when i exercise . i enjoy a lot of this band's music .
this particular track drifts far into the realm of top 40 , techno pop . disappointed to say the very least . that said the price tag was appreciated ,
this cd is pretty good and an excellent follow up to his first cd .
this song is great , fun melody , nice clean lyrics , and a fun style to it that pulls you in even if your not usually into blues .
not the best of cream , but it is good . just not great .
just not my type of music.not the warm christmas cheer i like.it was free so i down loaded it .
dmx has voice that can scary anyone.hits like ruff ryders anthem , x-is coming , and damien . i give it 5 out of 5 .
dusty springfield a british pop princes with dignity , and class . for a mature taste .
susan's music is fun to listen to at this season and the free music as a neat way to meet new artists .
ludacris is very best and silly rapper with his crazy rhymes.hits like virgo , get back , and put your money . it give it 5 out of 5
i have the cd version of this lp . the lp sound is far better than the cd . base sounds come through better on the lp .
the late grover washington made a masterpiece with this classic track . the other tunes are good runner ups .
i love this song so much . it is really good songwriting and a bit comical . i bought it as soon as i found out who sang it .
i love this song , she is a wonderful singer and i hope she has many years of singing ahead of her .
simply splendid new-wave influenced pop-rock . very very derivative of course but really good nonetheless .
because cam displays tha most veriety in his lyrical content here . " stop calling " is my favorite track , even though it sounds better slowed
i had the lp when it was first release i'm a major fan of chaka and i wish on day warner brothers or whoever would re-release this gem on cd
i just like it ! i enjoy the new sound to music that he provides . if only it were true and possible ...
we are liking marie miller . she can sing and her music and pleasant and clean . and you can't beat the price on this single !
had heard the song but knew nothing about the singer . no problem downloading . if you are a fan you had this song way before me .
my 16 year old daughters favorite group it was a must have for her she loves it may she keep on rockin
love coldplay's music ! i can't get enough ! you will not regret purchasing anything of coldplay's ! this was for my daughter and she loves it !
i downloaded this for free from amazon . boring . maybe some people would like this group but found no interest in it what so ever .
the song is good but the picture is inappropriate and i don't really know spanish but it is still a good song
i love those old but well remembered songs and he sure put out his share . i am very glad i bought it .
at leat in this case the hype that the nme has done is not without merit . very good rock record .
fast paced song , good lyric's . not great but in between , leaning more towards the great side of the meter . good voice .
this is a nice little song but nothing special . it has a great retro vibe and it is really fun to listen to .
nice return to full form for killing joke after a long hiatus again . they deliver still the same savage ounch as before .
linda was a great singer and this cd was one of her best due to the song you're no good was a number 1 i think
i love this song , most soundtracks from movies i end up buying.lol but i love christina perri anyway anything she makaes is nice .
i love this song . it's reminiscent of disco and the 70s and it's just so amazing they did a great job !
ludacris not as same as back for the firt time & word of moufludacris was more deep in this album every song is hot .
another catchy tune that makes for a good listen . i think it is another one of those songs that you would want to have in your mp3 collection :-)
too short is teh ultimate pimp - if you liek this album check out smoke sessions , vol . 1 - from his homie devin the dude another 5 stars
i really like the light and airy " feel " of this song - makes me feel like i should be walking in a tall grain field walking barefoot .
buy only if you collect the m . b . ' s . this release has three , maybe four songs worth capturing .
respectful to the genre . these young men bring a fresh sound to this beloved christmas song . good choice . i'd listen to more .
this is my first cee-lo album , i love it , it reminds me of barry white meets the brat pack and with a little jack white sprinkled in .
i love this song and i bop along to it almost every day since i've learned about it ! ! it harkens to my inner wild child .
this is one of my favorite songs in the whole world because it goes pretty fast and i learned all the lyrics
catchy , but not their best . this is a solid album . i'm suprised how many negative reviews it's getting . happy turkey day people !
ugk have alwayws kept it tight since pocket full of stones . you will not go wrong with any of their music .
this is the best murder inc . yet . if you like this cd than you should get the murderers . irv gotti rules !
this song is a lively song . it is a pleasure to hear a song that is all positive . and the singer is wonderful .
the man is prince teddy pendergrass in one . the difinitive r & b album of the ' 90 ' s is still a banger to this day .
this is a really great party song . i love to dance to it . it's the best song of the year .
i love everything from tegan & sara , and this album is no different . perfect , catchy little pop songs about love and angst .
very good movie and soundtrack . every song is a winner . evergreen won oscar and hellacios acres is a hoot on record and film .
my favorite will smith song especially during those family reunions when you get together and dance the soul train line .
this is such a fun group to listen to when you just want some fun music . this song is one of their " hits " .
can't go wrong with this one ... it is soooo good ! their best in my opinion . i'm 56 and never get tired of this one .
this is one of the originals and it is ok . rarely heard anymore but good listening for easy music time .
the song is good , but as much as they play this on pandora i would have just waited to purchase it
i love jill scott's music . she is one of my favorite artist and i listen to her all the time .
i am not a lady gaga die hard fan , but i did like this song , so i dl just this one single . it is good .
i absolutely love this song . after hearing this song i got interested in the rest of their music , they are pretty darn good .
the worst female performer ever seen with shrieking voice coupled withe most stupid lyrics of all time what apair
if the videos were available in surround this would have been a home run . stereo only which sucks and is really freakin weak ...
primal , edgy rock . like some well-needed punk infusion to the bloodstream of the music world . delectable nuggets of sound .
edward has a great voice . this band is edgy , indie and refreshing . definitely more upbeat and has very interesting lyrics .
i remember my mom listening to these songs . needless to say they stuck in my memory . the most destinctive song was benny and the jets .
haven't really listened to this much , so i'm not able to decide if i like it . one two three four
yeah , it's a good ' un . i'd rank it up there with the top vh cd's . i think you'll dig it .
if you love train , you will absolutely love this song ! in my opinion , it is the best they have ever done !
i had all the eagles albums in lp or tape form but wanted to get them all in cd format
i love this song listen to it all the time and enjoy downloading singles songs . its fast and easy thanks alot
a double cd of santana a good collection of their music if you like santana this one you should have in your collection serious ...
she killed this entire project ... one of the best albums ever ! ! the diversity of her talent carries the entire album to new heights ...
these are essential songs.they are timeless songs as well.mrs.robinson , bridge over trouble water , cecilia etcc .. simon & garfunkel are one of the most important duos ever .
this one album is better than 50 ' s career and he ja needs to make a few more these instead of that singing.but he is fiyaa .
camron jacking beats from pac and stealing e40 ' s sling , the west coast rappers are mad at this still if you feel cam you outta cop it .
the reason i only give this album four stars is because these songs were that much better live .
this is my favorite ariana grande song i love hearing her sing this sing on tv . i hope she continues to sing songs she is an awesome singer .
takes me back to the summer days driving to the beach in my pickup listening to jb on the eight track
every time one of his cds came out it was at a hard time in my life listening 2 his music guided me so unbelieveable he is 4 real
wow . unbelievable fret work.clapton at his pinnacle . a must have for any r'n'r collection .
this album is not only a great collection of songs , it is a time capsule of the era and of rick james ' genius .
chamillionaire holds it down 4 h-town , all i can say is this album is worth every penny . go buy ths album , u wont be disappointed .
i never listened to much of bruno mars , but i think this song made me more interested in his music .
kind of droal , have to be in the mood , certainly not bad , but i would have a hard time playing it constantly
... but i'll give her 5 stars for the cover alone . that's where the real heat is ...
they did an awesome job keeping the old bond vibe and polishing it up with some new sounds including adele's super cool voice .
this is not the best white stripes album out there , but it fits in nicely with there porfolio of albums .
simply incredible . it contains move on up . say no more . the erst is of even as good quality . indispensable .
i play this every sunday am when i can . each tune is nice . what a talent . some of her later albums are not as enjoyable tho .
every song on this collection is a true gem . any of these songs could have made any of their albums . a must have for any mj fan .
i purchased this after watching a pbs special on this musician and i totally love the sound . i like folk music and this fits the description .
also found this on daft punk's also-boughts . i feel like i have been taken back to the bgs , but more modern . fantastic !
can drake please shut up weezy made another wack album and yes he can't sing he's overhyped and his autotrune is overhyped .
i'm not a big fan of women's music , but this is ok . i also recommend love , shelby if you like this .
this was one of those feel good summer jams back in the day . it still holds its own today . awesome .
they are practically giving away record deals because she can't sing or dance . i wouldn't miss her if she left the game . beeeotch ! ! !
this album does contain pale blue eyes , one of the greatest ever from this group , but it also contains murder mystery , which is just overwrought glop .
this is a great song , partly because it mentions the fact that god makes no mistakes ! reminds people to love themselves
if homer's iliad was ever set to music , the resulting soundtrack might resemble this album . death , honor , mysticism , and the beloved figure prominently .
this song is such a great song from demi that it is hard believe is her singing it . love it
i love retro sounding music these guys are good at it . i did not like their first album . i love this one .
this song is very melodic and sweet . i think this is one of those classic songs that is beautiful for all ages to listen to .
not much you can say about a single song except that i liked it and bought it to put on an audio cd with other songs which i like .
if you're going to play a line dance song at a party , cupid shuffle and cha cha slide are the most popular .
michael jack is tight , he has a good sound he good at what he does he is a good dancer
is a new rock god ! every song on here is different its kinda like a greatest hits cd lol . i love this cd .
this is the kind of band that you just cant stop listening to . great music-inspired lyrics and really good production . love it .. support this band .
this is a catchy song sung by a talented singer . it is well-done , but needs a little more umph to make it a top-seller .
i know that it's hard to please everybody , but i can't think of a better anthology.you won't be disappointed .
blake's picks are even though you're gone , man of war and the hit find me a girl .
biggie made an album that influenced rap hugely . this here is timeless material , he will always live through his music . classic !
alive is a fun upbeat song . i enjoyed this song and would definitely recommend it . it was a free song to boot .
i like some of the songs and i can't say anything about the album sucks ... just not nearly as good as her debut recording . sorry babe .
their best album after superunknown and not mastered quite as well . love the johnny cash cover of rusty cage also .
james brown is the man ! ! and this is his best single disc collection . simply amazing .. buy this album now ! !
if you liked his first cd you will like this one equally . truth . lookin forward to hearing him grow as a songwriter / maturing man .
if u like clasical but isnt that invovled or do not wanna be away from pop too much , here's a perfect alternative ... half-classical with some pop sensibilities ...
king of leon is a great group , i like most of their albums but this one is currently my favorite one .
i think this artist has a great voice ( at least on record ) and i like the song and the range that she has .
the original beards still know how to rock great party music keg of beer bonfire etc love em bought this one for my 16 year old daughter she loves em
music is so so . just bought it because a friend recommended it . not really my cup of tea . never heard of them before this .
i gave this a great rating due to easy listening , very clear , love this song and would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys christmas music !
one of my favorite christian songs and really love this version of it . great to listen to . makes me happy .
this is as well-written and poignant as any debut album can be . you young whippersnappers wouldn't know great music if it gave you a colostomy .
i enjoyed there music for years . this is a great album to get if you like there music and are a fan .
some people are just good at what they do ... they have a gift.it makes you feel good with no bad words .
anything 2pac has made it ` s always great to listen too , he was and will always be the best rapper out there .
masterfully crafted . one of the best albums from the most adept lyricist and satirist in popular music .
this is a great song that will stand the test of time . really gets you up and moving . awesome to clean or workout to .
ja is a lil b * * ch wit no rap skills . he's a disgrace to queens n his city . don get this .
paula you did a great job , all i have to say is thank you for makeing such a masterpeace ! ! !
all things lyfe jennings are great this guy is amazing his style of singing and smooth grooves . the perfect story teller
it's scarface , what else is there to say ! if you haven't heard this album before then you are not a real hip-hop fan .
this new british starlet has everybody singing lyrics they haven't learned . it's a catchy tune . easy listen and has a different message from the usual mainstream music
this was one of the first produced live bits of tori's music . her b sides are always great and this is one to keep .
this cd is what it is called . this cd is awesome . the best songs on this disc are all of them
every song on her is tight . east 1999and double glotz are my favorites.must have in cd collection !
really a killer album from deep purple . it's all good stuff on this one !
check out the deadly ! ! great band to fill the void that this band left .
another great adele song ! i love the music and the lyrics ... you want to listen to it over and over . great song !
after reading all the customer reviews of this cd i have nothing to add . it is a great album from a great artist .
its got great beats and i love for a woman to talk and sing like that she is a good entertainer and she proves it on this
in the end , this song just doesn't do it for me . there isn't enough substance to the song to get me to listen to it again .
good tight old school rap-r & b cd for those who remembewr back when heavy d and levert was coolin .
very generic . no soul . no substance . no life . no emotion from the artist . no creativity . no nothing .
nice cd better than his last few , he toured with is lp got to see him 2 times ! ! !
download this now ! great song , great collaboration , awesome lyrics , not child friendly but thats expected , we just love to blast this song .
the best outkast album yet . oh , and for the record : andre 3000 is better .
this was out when i was in high school and it was great then and even better now . love the re-master .
too short is the ultimate pimp - if you like this album check out smoke sessions , vol . 1 - from his homie devin the dude another 5 stars
another great song , i do love getting music from amazon mp3 on my cell phone ! i'm glad to have it !
need i really say more christmas songs and ones that make the holiday all it is and more , very nice song .
great old school cd . no limit actually gave out something good . best tracks-fedz , i always feel like ... ( great beat )
this album is a great listen from start to finish . i listen to this album in my car all the time .
i think this cd is very good especially the songs numb , faint and nobodys listening.thats all i have to say.its good rock.buy it .
this is a good song . when i heard it i told myself i would learn all the words to that song
one of the best in r & b . timberland is a master at beats !
the whole cd is exactly what it says in the title super tight ... 4 real this ugk at its best .
2 1/2 slightly juiced downtempo usually falls prey to simplistic songwriting and bland beats even if maintaining the credible background consistency of production soul-finesse .
just saw these guys last night . holy , freaking moly ! thom yorke and flea , do i really need to say anything more ?
i enjoy there music for years and this one is a great one to get if you like the jackson 5 .
all tracks are perfect ! great music . this is a must album with such iconic hits . seems like they never get old .
this collection has all the songs i've loved from the radio or videos plus a few that are new to me .
this one hits the mark of being upbeat pop . nothing deep and that's perfect for a little escapism now and again .
don't shut ' em down by flogging molly is great from beginning to end . i loved this song and i would definitely recommend it .
when this came out my parents had this , my cousin and people i went to school with , so many years later now i have it .
believe it or not , i've actually started doing yoga to this cd and it's got a great flow . can't explain that .
beautifully remastered sacd of a great recording . this blows away the redbook version on all fronts . it's great to see this format still alive and kicking .
this album is pretty good . the beats kick and the answer to ny is a true statement that ny run hip-hop .
i really like this particular song , but i went looking at some of their other stuff and i wasn't impressed .
this second set contains everything not included on the first set . a must have for anyone not wanting to buy every single elo cd .
this is one of the most listenable cd's in my extensive collection . every song is well-crafted , funky and easy to groove to ... highly recommended .
i think this is agood song but heard better versions . good deal for the song . would recommand to a friend or family member .
the only one that kept it street . this cat never changed his style ... thats that n . y . music i miss . nuff said ! !
disney does it again ! what can i say ... i love this song and i am glad i was able to down load it through amazon .
dres & mr . lawnge dropped this monster back in 91 . every song hits . timeless classic .
amazon put the mp3 version of this cd on sale for $ 1.99 . of course i had to have it as part of my collection of music
a masterpiece that revolutionized black music . it's rich with grooves to it's boundless sense of possibilities . what's going on is the sgt . pepper of soul .
one day has always been a favorite of mine from ugk . i had to replace this cd in my collection .
its not bad , until you get used to it rather quickly after which you will soon begain to just not like it lol .
so much good music and lyricism and story-telling . i just love this album . and these are all true to the lps . not remixes .
great lyrics , i'm not entirely sure after hearing clips , the rest of her work is all she is cracked up to be .
good older music . this seems to be a famous van halen picture . i am really that i bought this cd .
this album is crazy . i love it ! snoop was on one when he made it . . .
have to say sean has both his father and mother talent in him you can hear it in his music i do like this cd
a gem that features so many classic mj songs . a must for all mj fans .
i loved norah first album . hated hated hated her second and now i hate the third . norah please stop writing such boring material .
i didn't realize how many good songs george benson had . jazz and pop classics . this best of was a pleasant surprise .
i have had this cd for quite some time and it never gets old to me . for anyone who likes good dark 80 ' s music .
although the best songs on this album are not as good as the best songs on their first album , this album is better from top to bottom .
i can't wait to see what happens as they grow as musicians and song writers they will be around a long time making great music .
i have listened to this song on the radio and loved it . would buy it again and i think the song is a hit .
love ceelo green's voice and his music ! i can't get enough of him ! you will not regret purchasing anything of his !
let me get this straight the wost rappers alive ( g-unit ) on the same album as 2pac , plain and simple hip-hop is dead .
it has several b-side tracks yet no ' i'm on fire ' or ' my hometown'ridiculus .
ok i found her voice above the rest . as well as her style . so might i say this is a true artist and a very good buy .
norah jones is good , and feels like home is good music , but overall , she is overrated .
i like how the beasite boys experiment with their sound and they definitley do that on this one , it's a must own .
i like this cd - not my favorite maybe , but it's enjoyable . i like her voice , reminds me of florence ( and the machines ) .
great song , i love the beat and the words . it is funny had a just a beautiful song can be about a prostitute with a drug problem .
no big surprise , i had bigger hopes ... also it's bad that skits aren't on separate tracks so they would be easier to skip ... rating 3.5 / 5
really nice album and wish he did produce more . i love driving to his music as it is not too country .
i heard this on tv ( i believe they performed it on there ) and immediately fell in love with this song !
i was looking for music to put on my ipod to listen to when i exercise . this fit the bill .
this have i done for my true lovewhat a wonderful song . it was free and it is just great ! highly recommend .
this is really one of the all time best and combined with daft punk's other classic homework two of the best selling .
luther vandross excels in this cd issue . this is a great collection of songs that i cherish and listen to often . luther is unequaled
ahhh ... a pleasant blast from the past ! america has always been ( and will always be ) a great ballad band . thanks for the memories !
this is a great dance or exercise song . i really like it , although if you listen to it too much , you will get bored ...
the lead singer has the most beautiful vocals no dream pop / shoegaze lover could ever imagine . hoarse whispers from angelic creatures singing jazzy solos in unison .
dope beats , wicked lyrics an all around phat cd , it's the best cd juvi has put out , it's diffinatley the rap cd for tha 90 ' s
... this guy did " i'm in you ! " excellent rock album from a great artist / guitarist . glad to see pete still making music .
bluesy , jazzy , sad . back to black is specifically haunting considering how winehouse passed . it makes you wonder what her potential would have been .
great album ... very soothing to listen to while studying . i am no stranger to the genre of jazz and flood is rooted in it .
i love this band ! they always have really great music and this song is one of their best ! really good beat , solid vocals . yay !
in and of itself , incredible . but you might as well go ahead and buy the box set . this entire concert is part of cd 4 .
good solid production good effort good lyrics some standout songs i like wu tangs solo efforts and i like this onelyrics 9/10 beats 9/10 good cd
had this cd , but got away from me . glad to get it again . great , unique songs . love jack white , there is nobody like him
i choose that rating because when i'm sad sometimes i listen to this song to make me feel better . thanks
great song , love the dance , can't get this tune out of my mind ! psy , we need more music ! we need more gangnam style !
this elton john live is a top 20 all time live album for me . what a gem . if you don't have this you are missing something .
weezy always top of the tha game - also check out smoke sessions , vol . 1 - from his homie devin the dude another 5 stars .
heard this on bootleg back in 98 , man bad bad man , ugk came back hardcore asusual .
in my quest to collect all of leonard cohen's music , this was not my favorite but it still excellent . the seller was excellent too , no problem .
many of my favorite singers are british . this song is a great song and ellie goulding has a great voice .
this is a good rock song that plays on the radio a lot . i thought i would become an official fan of the song and purchase it .
but i got and dont listen to it i like the song curious and a fan of all three singers but i just cant get into it .
a nice medley of favorite christmas classics . just enough " celtic " to enjoy without being hit over the head with it .
they dont really sound like bone thug , they flow fast but that is it . good album overall.fav tracks : haythe final tic
a beautiful collection of songs that move the heart , mind and soul.there is an elegance and sultriness to this one that proves soothing and lasting .
got this as a birthday gift for my wife from the kids . she likes it , and i don't complain if we listen to it in the car .
i heard this song on the 2013 grammy awards and i liked it so much i had to buy it !
earth , wind & fire have some major classics . they have a unique sound . i recommend buying this cd .
i don't like the guy they have guesting on this song wish i could have the version on the radio
love to listen to it.sound quality is smooth.everything is just awesome ! i don't get tired of it . i can studywhile it's playing .
this is hot although it could of been better.this album doen not deserve 2.5 it is way better than that
spinners are a good soul group and that was when music was great and not like todays rap songs them were the days of great music
it's funny i love this cd but i think wings had better lps than this one . put it still is great .
nice cd , great beats lil kim's best.best songs : the jump offmagic stickthug luvhold it now
this song is a bit addictive . i only heard it one time before buying it . it's just loads of fun to jam out to .
this song is awesome and so it one republic . they have such powerful songs that sweep you up and take you on a journey .
this is an excellent greatest hits collection of the spinners . great sounds and great melodies . i highly recommend this collection for old and new fans ! enjoy !
pretty good cd . i mostly listen to rap but i like some rock like limp bizkit and linkin park . my favorite songs are numb and somewhere i belong
great cd .. tight beats , real nice ghetto attitude , my fav tracks are me against the world , so many tears , temptations , dear mamma .
i love this artist and his sound . i enjoy this cd every day . i'm so glad i bought it and you will be too .
this album was hot back in 2000 it's gets better as the years goes by scarface should be on everybody's top ten
jay-z is the illest out right now and aint nobody stopping him . nas tried but it didn't work . jay-z is the king
fantastic , energetic dance album . almost all of the tunes are great and extremely catchy . you will have them in your head .
better late than never ... but i like this album esp # 9 . i would recommend it .. if u dont already have , then go get it
one of the better toni braxton albums . great hits , great voice , great soul . her first two albums really were enjoyable but the something went wrong .
i just enjoy the best and hendrix is the man that kicks out the music this is a great album to have all his music is
this is a group whom i never hear anyone talk about . i love there music & this one is there best album . coldplay sounding .
kind of reminds me of huey lewis and the news . it has a nice folk music feel to it also . check it out !
pleasant listening for a wide audience . i really think it will cross all age demographices if it gets enough play .
good song . good positive vie minus the rolling up of the diamond blunt on the cover . smh liked it the first time i heard it .
okay . justin timberlake is one talented dude , and mirrors doesn't disappoint . great album and song . not much else to say !
one of the best urban albums ever . allmost every song on this album is incredibly catchy .. puts there new album to shame
love this song ! i agree with the previous post ; the song builds up and it's truly exceptional .
paul should stop making music , its bland and lifeless junk.this is the worst album i have heard from paul mccartney
i guess this is obie trice ! ! ! ... i ask my self , what eles does he has acording to this rap game ?
i'm not just talking about the music sara evans is hot and her music is great she is probably my favorite female country singer
it's too bad interpol has moved away from their joy division influence .. because i was really hoping they would hang themselves ...
i have always loved vivaldi and the four seasons the most . just truly beautiful music . a truly great purchase on my part .
summer madness is one of the best songs ever made . it only is why i rate this cd 5 stars .
i really like demi's voice and this song is very pretty . her vocals are strong . good song to exercise to also .
this song is the same radio version i am used to hearing and i was looking for . this is not a live or concert version .
john hiatt has that unique voice witch reaches out to your soul to tell a story . something that you want to hear .
this is one of the punk / new wave masterpieces for sure . great , clever songwriting , infectious beats , searing vocals . a landmark album .
not nearly as good as their last effort.probably felt like they had to rush something outsophomore efforts aren't usually as good as debutswill give it more of a chance
which 1 is better the 1 buy him or pac i love this double cd its hot from start to finish both discslyrics 10/10 beats 9/10
a good kings of leon cd.meachanical bull is the best of the latest albums.this is an enjoyable album and is highly recommended .
it was no doubt that i had to make this cd apart of my music collection ... love all of the tracks ...
candi staton has a great voice.the music here is very strong.the title cut is still a jam.victim is another gem.this is a strong collection of songs .
fantastic ! this girl can sing ! a hidden classic in the making , i can only hope she isnt a five hit wonder .
sad that phil went the way of pop diva ... horrible ... makes all progressive fans cringe ... should make all music fans cringe .
this is like the continuation to the first . this album truly goes hard . this is the flame that sparked meek milly to reinspire philly .
... hes busta the furst few songs are ok but quickly after that the album turns to dust dang this cd only really deserves two but hey its busta
this is a remix masterpiece . as boston says , " just listen to the record . "
charlie daniels can play some mean fiddle.the devil went down to georgia is a classic.that song alone is timeless.his voice really stands out as well .
i heard this all summer long - and never got sick of it . it will now always remind me of the summer of 2012 .
this is one of the best double albums in history , so many musical styles , funk , jazz , balladry . recomended for everyone .
this sound track to the movie is worth the purchase . to this day still love song kiss and anotherloverholenyourhead , and girls and boys are my favorites .
this is pro stuff . she has a good voice , sings from her emotions , does it well but it's not that deep
if your an old hippie , this album is a classic and a must to have . i don't think i'll ever get tired of it .
there is not one tune on this cd that sounds remotely close to ' whip it ' .
highly recommended . if you do not own this album , make sure you get it . every song is awesome . and you will not be sorry .
i'm giving this album 5 stars to show that i have more regard and compassion for too short than he seems to have for my gender .
art's finest work ... great interpretations of stephen bishop , jimmy webb songs ... great orchestrations , voice and overall production ... worth picking up ... that's the fact jack
they wear white tee , because they can't afford a jersey . my white tee doesn't bling . its gets 2 out of 5 .
awesome progressive work of art by this italian band . these were the glory days of music . the ghost of memory ... wake pedroza !
... george's sound is okay , but he's essentially a one hit wonder . for true fans only .
nelly has an amazing voice , she just keeps reinventing herself ... awesome cd ... truly reccomend it !
nothing about this song makes any sense , however it is the music that grabs you , you cant help but move to it
the best hip hop cd yet buy it . you can't live without it . every song is good
ja rule sucks that is all i gotta say ... he should be 50 ' s maid
this is a great collection of her hits . great jazz and soul works well with her smooth voice .
in my opinion , anita baker is the best singer of our time . i keep a copy of rapture at work , in my car and at home .
the only thing that distinguishes this band from most of the other new wanna-be new waver bands is a distinct lack of musical talent .
i love this song . i could listen to this 24 hours a day . beautiful haunting melody . one of the best from mmj .
had no expectations about this album.this album was well put together , the songs mix brilliant lyrics and score.haven ' t got tired of listening to this one .
but very good . can't say nothing bad about this cd . get this if you are a rap fan .
there are 3 classics on here , & they are its so hard , 100 % & ms . martin , peace ! ! !
it took a few spins , but ultimatly , i think this is my least favorite volta album . but even my least favorite doesn't mean it's bad .
but then , i am not a preschooler . or a raffi fan apparently . nice little song , for little kids to enjoy .
the lyrics are just awesome . great sing-along song , i love to belt it out in the car ( or anywhere that others cannot necessarily hear me ) .
from start to finish , this album is dark and interesting . its a great album and possibly better than dirt.worth the buy !
for lil flip it is game over . because cd sucks . one good songs out of two discs . that is bad . 2 out of 5
what ever happened to this group ? they had some good songs . everyone loved candy rain .
i love her voice on these songs , carly has such a unique voice , and i think it's beautiful ,
i gave this song 5 stars because it simply is a fun song . i thought it was a creative song .
this song cusses too much so it is not a good song i will not be listening to this song anymore
excellent rockin ' music . i can't being to describe you have to listen and be carried away by profound rock and roll angst .
if you like showoff check out chris from showoffs new band farewell my enemy at [ ... ] they are really f'n awesome.tom
there has been a lot said about this album that i feel that there is nothing really left to say but get this album if you havent heard it .
major disappointment . while it's great to hear biggie's voice , this album is most definately not worthy of him ; lyrics are overall weak & beats are lacking .
interesting cover of the song , a nice break from the standard christmas fare that runs in my ipod in the winter .
this is definitly stevie at his best ! ! but there are some filler like the instrumentals but the rest are wonderfull . i recommend it .
great song with a great meaning ! ! ! songs can always mean something different to different people so listen to it and see what you take from it .
please don't get me wrong i love the debut but embrya really shows maxwells talent.if you love urban hang suite or now you must have this one .
nice cd , not as good as the first couple , but after a five year break it seems like they haven't lost any of their talent .
for those who are jd collectors or for those who are just discovering his music , this is one of those " must have " albums .
a great club song ! you can dance along in your car or at the club ! absolutely love it ! ! must buy !
this 1 of the greatest ll albums there is even though it has a lot of samples , you can listen with just about anybody good cd ! ! !
listening to some of the oldies makes my day . this album is a classic and i am glad that i was able to find it again .
who would not want this divas music if you purchase this one you got the best music ever sung of a female singer
i remember hearing playa with jay and amil on this a long time ago , but just got to hear the whole album recently . its hot
its always great to throw on some 2pac no matter what kind of mood your in . its great to have it on vinyl .
this album is one of the best of it's time.when this album came out bad boy was doing good for themselves.biggie is nothing more than a memory .
one republic is one of my most favorite bands and once again put out an awesome song . it just makes me feel good !
arguably the best album bruce has ever released . there , i said it . now call me crazy but i bet springsteen would agree with me .
the best cd of 2005 . the dvd is awesome as well . keep it dipset ! ! !
the whole was a good listen but there is something missing that would have made it 5 stars . it was enjoyable nonetheless .
very " emo " , filled with sappy moments . original sounds that are downplayed by the lyricism . still something good to listen to .
watching my 6 year old dance around the house whenever this song plays , is a hoot and makes me " happy " .
this is a nice song , although sounds different than what i'm used to . was free , so it was worth it !
they play loud , so turn it up loud . these guys can rock it . these guys can roll it . deep purple ... support your favorite artists .
new levelthe god emcee has risenall hailfeel what he feelsgod will always prove the devil to be a liar ... that nigga jigga .
this is the worst and hopefully the last whack nas album ; lucky for him he redeemed himself on stllmatic .
i enjoyed her first two albums . can't wait for her new one coming out this year . this is for any fan of hers .
snagged this when it was on sale . i only had a few of the tracks on this cd . if you like the eagles , definitely worth it .
will downing is a great singer . i saw him in concert at the jazz festival in md . i love hearing his soultry voice and great music
i found it a little flat compared to her solo stuff but i'm glad i bought it . her voice is great no matter the setting .
miles and gil really work it out . all the stuff of this period in miles's career are timeless . classy stuff .
a great cd . one of simon's best and one of the best album's to come out of the 80 ' s . you absolutely must buy this cd .
hey man you gotta check this vibe out man you gotta be open minded about music to appreciate it though worth a listen .
for pure pop songs that are adult radio hits ; it's hard to beat train.they are not lyrical masters but the singers voice is great .
do i need to say anymore this is one of the best rap album and also one of the last great rap albums .
although i am not into this type of rap anymore ( i'm 30 ) . i loved this album when i was an 18 year old college kid .
scary greatson vinyl sounds addingin syncand violent malice tvthat eats us rawit lived a broken heartdon amman
robert johnson blows the mind.his music is so incredible.his tones are rich & timeless.he is a catelog unto himself.you feel the depth & heart in his playing.very essential .
this is really good with the sundazed mono version . this is jeff beck , ron wood , and pre-schmuck rod stewart , when he was really good .
allison krauss has an amazing voice . her band is good too . easy listening and easy to hum or sing along .
the music is still great to me and currant with times never gets boring listening to seal was worth the money
mjb continues to bring the goods on this album . good songs with passion & emotion that me you feel her message .
anyway this cd deserves to be remastered and re-released for it's 20th anniversary . i think def jam can afford that .
great cd my favorite from ugk . rip pimp c this cd looks better then the original i used to own .
i have a review for the regular massacre cdoutta control ( regular ) was the best song on the massacre . now they have a crappy remix
for the most part , a sweet , good-natured pop album that recalls a more innocent age .
... if you dont know nothin about the slow-burn , they can teach ya somethin ! ! ! ...
1 1/2 aside from few fleeting moments of engaging experimentation , the group's sketchy framework exposes a decayed underbelly of creative drought .
i really enjoy the cd . glad i added it to my collection . it brings back memories from my teen-age days . rock on .
american idol made me think singing was lame . this album changed my mind .
if you a fan of this group you will find this highly enjoyable and great listening music . highly recommended to buy
who wouldn't want to dance like a flower ? this music makes your mind wander to a more beautiful place . everyone should own the nutcracker suite .
i love this collection of his music , truly classic . it's a little bit of summer you can enjoy all year round .
tony yayo used to be so hard before he went to jail i think they took his manhood he's really gay now u used to have it yayo
nothing really stands out about this . it's not horrible but it's not great either . i just found this one bland .
it just what i need i love elton john . he simple put is awesome ! ! ! and this is all of his songs ! ! !
this album is great . great tunes , singing and overall you want to sing and dance along to these as bryan pulls you into the mix .
use to hear this all the time back in the 80s . had it for free one day and added it back into our system for nostalgia
kendrick lamar is my favorite rapper so i like just about anything he does . he's very lyrical and this is another brilliant example of how his mind works
i'm a huge eminem fan and just can't resist this song . let's face it aren't we all a little crazy ? ? ?
on mrs . hathaway new cd tracks 3,7- 10 & 12 are excellent.good cd.rest of songs don , t quite fit with song tracks that were excellent .
jone's voice is so mellow as is her music . this is great to listen to for all occasions .
another fine concert from jimi that was recorded perfectly . some older and newer tunes . wish i was there . i bet you do too .
everyone young and old will like this song . like that i can buy it on amazon and get it put in my cloud immediately .
is going to go places . they have a great sound , and their music a catchy and upbeat . i predict them going far !
not bad finally an r & b cd which does'nt deal with the usaul .
one of my all time favorite christmas songs ! i love listening to this every year . it reminds me of what christmas is all about !
tight 2pac aka makaveli the don album ! i currently own all of his stuff down to the books , so i know whats hot ... pick it up now
brian mcknight's " back at one " is a great album with beautiful music and a man with a voice like butta ... you be the judge ...
i really only like 1 song " i want love " but the album itself is ok & i do like elton's piano playing
lovely music - especially dreamland and the title song . this has been in my collection and worn out , replaced and worn out again ...
nice collection of taylor's music . she has her own sound and i enjoy it . you should enjoy it as well .
love this cd to bad it was the last wings recored , all were gems the lp did not far good on release but it was still great .
i love this cd and he's my all time favorite rapper and always will be thank you for the cd .
this is typical melissa etheridge and if you like her , then this will not dissapoint you either , her gravily voice and strong vocals are as usual great .
love this song , can not hear it enough . play it over and over again , my hubby is sick of it i'm sure ! ! !
wasn't that big of a fan of flo rida in the past but i like this song and the new stuff he's coming out with , cathcy
as good a balance of familiar and fresh found , from one of the only relevant tex-mex sounds around .
this is better than blueprint pt . 2 he shows he is better than jay-z .
in true b - 52s fashion , this song has some strange lyrics . this is such a catchy tune . it just puts you in a good mood .
justin can sing and i love the suit & tie song . it makes me want to get up and dance everytime i hear it play .
billy paul was more than one song.he can sing with emotion & feeling.this set highlights his great talent . a very powerful voice who is very underrated .
the best since " tha block is hot " that's all i got 2 say .
i got in to his music in 2011 when he came out with some one i use to know . it was a good song and a good album .
jay-z and the r . o . c killed them so badly with this album
song is good , even though i am very confused on what small talk is being used . . . .  .
this is the album that was made from the pricrtice sessions in the big pink house basement tapes . great for hard core the band fans .
1976 was the year of the funk and p-funk was at the top of the list ! keep funkin george .
i can't explain why , but i really like this song and have added it to my collection of music i listen to while walking .
i like this song . i only got this one song , so don't know what the whole album sounds like , but this one is enjoyable .
i've been replacing my old worn out 33 rpm records with cd's . this was one i had and loved and replaced .
this album is good . i think many will sleep on this cd . it's very nice . i really like the track slow f * * * .
i like this song ! it's got some good bass to it and is a good pump up the volume song .
if it werent for the 3 add on songs it would be 1 star , nice to sleep to though
a couple good songs , but as a whole a pretty weak cd in my mind . i really like liztomania but its largely alone to me
just not one of my favorites for an entire cd of songs , but she still has an incredibly unique soulful sound !
not a mainstream hit but had some joints on here.top tracks : back seatpink cookieshow i'm cominfunkadelic relicbuckem down
adele is a goddess . her voice is so amazing and to combine that beauty and talent with the james bond franchise was genius . bravo .
different from most of mk's other album but love the guitar playing ! ! ! a must for any collection , especially if you have never heard chet atkins .
tha most out selling album ! ! ! of all time , back then ! ! ! no one could compare ! ! !
empty sky was is first , but this is what set his career off and running . some good tunes on this one .
bought this just to get the song , dont worry . love this album and it brings but really good memories of college days .
heard this on television and loved it . good song for walking and exercising . fast and fun . enjoy listing to this group
one of my favorite albums growing up . i don't need no doctor is rock n roll at its finest.love it
i love the cd love all the 80 ' s is the best and i would recommend to anyone exspecially to my family and friends .
a cross between cheryl crow and the dixie chicks . is it true that there is really nothing new under the sun ?
rock singer jewel is definitely showing better writing skills and vocal performances on her second record spirit . " hands " rocks !
this is perhaps some of his best work . i have enjoyed the evolving styles that jr . has continued to develop throughout his musical career .
the album is all florence , as expected . very spatial sounding with her voice going all over the place . highly recommended .
jill scott is a mixture of sade w / flavor , erika badu w / enunciation , and mary j . w / a vocabulary .
the guy has no rap skills whatsoever.the music is a bad joke.he has style but it has nothing to do with music at all .
great , gotta love the song shook ones part 2 also survival of the fittest ... those are very exellect tracksbeats and lyrics deserve a 5/5
the used is amazing and if you liked showoff check out chris from showoffs new band farewell my enemy at [ ... ] they are really f'n awesome.tom
great tacky track just love songs like this its so great you can work out to this stuff all the time.recommend to any pop fan
very inspirational song by a group that i have listened to in the past . i listen to these songs while at work .
must have for any new edition fan . this is a branch off of that tree .
like this song and being free was an awesome bonus . thank you for the freebie . it was a nice surprise .
this band has a great sound . i love listening to their music . old or new songs , i never get sick of hearing their songs .
what's not to love ? michael j . jackson & his brothers are great . brings back all the old memories from my childhood .
this album is okay . i dont really have much to say about it because its just my personal opinion . he could have done better .
dashboard is awesome and if you liked showoff check out chris from showoffs new band farewell my enemy at [ ... ] they are really f'n awesome.tom
the only word to come to mind when i think of this album is awesome ! ! ! well worth any amount you pay .
this album is a classic . and even better , a must have classic . this is awesome , and if u don't have this then u better get it
... there is no word that can express this album without insulting it . that is all i have to say .
forget my earlier review--this record is pretty much genius . and incredible sounding--these guys have been getting the best drum sounds since zeppelin ! amazing ...
i really like this song , i've like miley's music . this was a very good song . looking forward to her other music .
stevens ' mbj album makes the perfect sister album to his tea for the tillerman . together they complete some of his best work .
despite what some reviewers have said , this is a decent album with some good songs.what ' s freaky is how close this guy sounds to biggie .
i gave this cd four out of five stars because even though i love three days grace , i haven't listened to the cd yet .
ice cube at his finest this album and amerikkka's most wanted are certified classic .. 5 mics get it now ! !
juve the great is another excellent album by juvey . it will definately be a classic . the rawness , depth and lyrics of the album is unbelievable .
this is an awesome cd by these guys as always hard heavy riffs thick drums and awesome lyrics . buy this now
im gonna keep this short - brilliant , absolutly brilliant ! ! has summer written all over it ! !
explain this is one of my favorites i dont even need to review this one
mc eight had a good run ... back in tha dayz ... i'll never forget his hardcore classics.must try must buy .
whos fallen off worse ? ja rule or nas ? ehh .. they both are awful now . avoid this stinker .
unlike later efforts , rubin actually did streamline all the chili pepper's flavorful funk-rock divisions into a most cohesive effort to date , even with light latter-half repetition .
kept hearing it on the radio and i liked the hook.downloaded it and i enjoy this song for sure .
lovely to listen to . i love it , has beautiful music and easy to relax to . great to listen to anytime and helps me relax .
another good one by blondie ! can't go wrong with the vocals ! debbie is vibrant and strong as always . she hasn't changed .
i love christmas songs and i like big daddy weave . so of course i like this song . it is a very nice christmas song
nothing remarkable but several nice tracks . if you like vega you will like this cd .
... unpretentious , unassuming , straight ahead , dreamy and groovin ' , sade's best reminds us of what we need more of ...
any fan of the eagles should add this to their collection . the style is classic , and the memories just keep flooding back .
i like the cd but its not as good as their older ones , but i think its something you got to hear a lot .
because i can picture 50 cent have his face melted off and dying . someone kill this loser please !
so many songs for so little a price ! excellent for sitting in that favorite chair on a rainy day with your favorite book ..
dj quik is a great producer , but this album does not show his skills as a rapper . not recommended .
dix put in his work with this album here . he , was really a monster here , this is when ruff riders was making a mark .
this album is good but doesn't have the same excitement as wincing the night away . i don't feel like any songs are particular standouts .
five stars for providing music that relaxes the mind and winds the body down to prepare for sleep and regeneration . recommended for all ages .
the whole entire record is groovy with sweet sounds of the jackson 5 . i love listening to this record especially .
love it ! the lyrics are so fun to sing-along with and the music flows very nicely . one of my new favorites !
this is one of the best sounding discs in my collection . if you like these guys , get this re-release into your collection .
the whole cd is great . reminds me of good friends when we use to listen to this music when it was popular .
i like this song and so does my kids i would recommend it to my friends and their friends too .
i like this song a lot so thank you for having it avalible and thanks for havin a clean version
first and best double disc album ( everybody just has to do one now ) from the greatest rapper of all time .
with only 10 songs on this cd , it can get old quick . however , the songs on the cd are good .
this one best album of the year at the grammy's . if it is best album all year how is it not 5 stars .
what can be said about carly rae jepsen . when she recorded this song it became one of the hottest songs in music history on the planet .
the production on this cd is terrible and so are most of the lyrics , even the dismal w was better then this sh * t
i expected this to be better . it's not a bad album but it's not a big thing . get theoriginal " chronic " than this .
a boy can make you feel beautiful when it comes to courting you and loving you just the way you are physically or personality
buy this cd . excellent . classic . most of the songs on this cd are excellent .
awesome concept and a great way to give the audience more than one side of yourself as an artist .. well done .
excellent album from the king . promise land is a great collection of songs and a very strong album in the legacy of elvis presley .
stevie wonders's high flying musical experimentation and penetrating lyrical insight made innervisions a textured , but never self-indulgent , work of soulful self-discovery .
you would enjoy these women vocals and great songs they made a hit with all time's favorites .. love them to death with their great songs ..
this is one of my all time favorites . grimy production and great lyrics highlight this overlooked release . a definite classic .
this track has all the best ewf songs . good for new fans and those who can't afford to buy all of ewf album's .
i simply just enjoy listening to this song . i didn't know who bruno mars was until i saw him on snl , now im a fan .
a true masterpiece of the greatest raper / actor of all times . inmy opinion only his makaveli : the 7 day theorie-cd is slightlybetter .
such a classic . unforgettable every song just melts in your mind pick this up weather you are a new fonkayeer or ate just funking around
together with the doors , are you experienced , generation terrorist and rage against the machine is this the best debut album i have heard .
big boi album : greatandre please leave this type of music to prince , who's 1000 times better than you , and stick to rap ( you're great )
if you're a meters fan and a true lover of new orleans music then this cd is for you a must have .
new cd of incognito is fair . there cds before there 2010 release much better . i , d pass on there new cd all together .
what a terrific lp . onyx ripped this album . these guys proved why they're still hot in the industry .
oh this gotta be the good life onerepublic is a good artist to listen i would recommend to listen to them !
here is tracy at her best . every song has memorable lyrics and melodies . she outdoes herself in every track . i would highly recommend purchasing this cd !
good album by jadakiss . i think it is his best he needs to drop top 5 dead or alive already.us fans need that about now
it's a little rough unless you enjoy hard rock and heavy metal on a regular basis , good song any way .
this album sounds really good.daryl hall sounds really strong here.the music & writing is good as well.his voice still sounds strong .
this is a bad cd , r kelly is the man . i love this entire cd . i love it , i love it , i love it .
can't say how much i love this song ! it just makes me happy listening to it ! wonderful and upbeat and has a different quality to it !
once again a great older song ! love to listen to it and it sounds perfect . matchbox twenty is a great band .
lou reed what a great . his music is for people that like the night time scene of hanging out places with a slightly depressing tone .
what is wrong with these haters ? this is a good cd , better than his last effort .
to be honest this is my favorite mary j blige cd hands down to me this is the best album mary j blige ever made in her career
this is a collection of some of big pun's best work ; but this is only a fraction of what he has to offer ...
i thoroughly enjoyed this cd . the songs have many memories attached to them . it has made an excellent addition to my collection of music .
this is the only sade album you'll ever need . great from beginning to end .
i give ' odd couple ' 4 1/2 stars as it is a unique feel good cd that can cross various music genres .
love it ! we played this for christmaswon't get tired doing so ! after all it's all worth it ! winter-spring-summer-fall ! veterans day or not !
friend turned me on to this music , fell in love with jazz listening to this guy and some of his friends .
this album is coo . i liked it . for anyone who likes dj screw this is the next generation . get it !
stevie doing what he does best : writing meaningful lyrics and memorable melodies . i highly recommend this cd for older and newer fans ! enjoy !
diva is another top 20 all time cd for me , if i had to go to an island with only a few cds , this would be one .
dis some funkaaaay shizzizzle dawg , yall be trippin if y'aint down ! smoke fat , listen loud ! love
but definately good enough to have in your collection . it starts really strong but after track 7 or 8 goes downhill
i don't like most of katy perry's music , but this song is fun to have in my playlist for exercise . it's up-tempo and energizing .
different it was ok and really don't have much else to say about it . curious to read other reviews . review away !
absorbing feature introduction to one of modern rock's most promising indie upstarts , dy is afforded a more natural fluidity later consciously challenging material can elude .
put this on the hi-fi , pour yourself and your loved one a large glass of red wine . sit back and enjoy .
2 1/2 overpraised as a staple of underground hip hop , keith's delivery of science-sexy nonsense can be entertaining but grew stale along with the 90 ' s beats .
this is a good cd . the standouts are man enough and spanish guitar . this cd does not really live up to what potential she has .
have over 5,000 holiday mp3 files ( obviously i collect them ) and this one seems to barely fit the genre . at least it was free .
well my ex has this cd and i liked it so i had to get my own , and found it at the right price .
the best rap album of 2006 . buy the cd and keep clipse in the rap game .
another strong album from shakira . i would rate this as slighly less then " laundry service " but still an enjoyable album worht listening too .
i like there early stuff and this one is a good one too . i like the poster and the album .
i love me some jill scott , i will never get tired of this cd . the entire cd is awesome . i love it .
i give andre props for being original but im just not feeling what he's become . big boi's cd is the reason for the 2 stars .
i could just listen to this over and over ! ( ... and sometimes i do ! ) easy download from amazon .
this album is easy listening . i listened to the tracks before purchasing and i was confident in getting it . great album !
why ? another album by juel is as necessary as spending time writing this review . gotta go ! ! !
beautiful ... gorgeous ... exquisit ... decadent ... just what you'd expect from the godess of popular music
this is what all of us were waiting for ... the game spits fire ... undoubtedly the best album of 2005
joan baez was one of the good folk singers and song against the ways that were wrong in the world back in the 60 ' s
a new one for me , but not too much of a stretch . this cd is a feel good kind . you did good boys .
early mobb , but still an enjoyable listen . " hit it from the back " classic song from hav & p . overall its a a -
i think overall this cd besides untouchable is face's best work ! 4.5 mics in the source . it's like that !
nice to hear different versions of their songs to dance and sing to ... always kinda dance , techno group so the remixes make sense
this young sista brings music back to the scene . this cd is truly a must have . alicia does it again ...
come on i undstand not liking mike jones beacuse he sounds like a parrot but you can't review an album if youu haven't listened to it !
this was originally a gift from my first " boyfriend " and it brings back good , and some not-so-good , memories from high school . good music .
what a great album . classic 80 ' s music a great collection for heart . if you like heart 80 ' s music you will love this album
bruno can find better songs instead of sings like this sting type song . some people should stay away from yell singing songs .
usually i like what you call " neo-soul " . this artist reminds me a bit of nicolette . but for me this is too less song and melody ...
duffy sounds so cool . she is brash and bluesy and totally enjoyable . the album has a fabulous dark blues club feel to the whole thing .
get it because this is the 2nd best solo wu album behind raekwon - only built for cuban linx
excellent ! ! ! this phil collins best song highly recommend buying awesome best know the miami vice scene defiantly get this and watch that ! ! !
i like this album . it's a really mournful collection of songs . i don't listen to it much anymore because her music is over played on the radio .
i enjoyed this cd a long time ago , in high school and just never got around to buying it . great cd and i love teedra's vocals .
different version of this holiday classic . i love the ukulele , but i have not ever heard it in a christmas carol .
this ep set the tone for all of the off album release the whigs were to release ... covers playing on dulli's menacing crooner image .
love bruno mars . so very talented on so many artistic levels . his voice is so raw and amazing and this song is no exception to his skills .
i love this cd , like bowie always on mutations , that was the last for my duran duran collection , enjoy it .
iz this da lil slim dat use 2 b in cash money ? ? ?
i agree with " shawnna's number one fan " this cd definitely put her foot in the game ... even though she's always been there !
it has a nice combo of regular katy perry and some rap . i prefer this version over the one without juicy j .
this is great , unique tune . i'm addicted . lorde should be successful for a long time if she keeps up the creativity .
another disappointment . the only good thing on the cd is " too many walls " ... besides that , the cd is pretty much not good for much .
if you want a coaster to rest your beer cans on so your table doesn't get a nasty circular stain on it.protect your table .
boring ! when has sheryl crow ever played it safe ? it's like she did'nt even try !
of course keith sweat music sounds good . i love just about all of his cds .
this is adele adkins second album and her best . i love her . i hope the quality of her future albums lives up to this one .
mobb deep is the all time kings of thug ! buy this album , if not buy some one are some body thats fake !
stylez is deep likez ... he's ill ! ! ! i cant wait 4 he's new album like ... d block ! ! !
rufus was a funk band and played great music and having chaka with them was key to their success ; enjoyable .
of the ten van halen albums i have , this is probably my least favorite . really a one-hit wonder .
sounds more like the classics and what have you . i'm soothed by these guys , everytime.no lyrics , but poetry just the same .
this is fiona apple's most famous album , and for good reason . it is beautiful and weird just like she is . listen to this .
further seems forever is awesome and if you liked showoff check out chris from showoffs new band farewell my enemy at [ ... ] they are really f'n awesome.tom
it's a good cleaning the house cd .. if you know what i mean .. wink wink
alice cooper's 3rd release is more in the vein that he would follow throughout his career . the songs are a little more contemporary but still full of alice .
this is a great song . it has an interesting sound to it and i've always liked the group that sings it .
at its best ! ! ! i love this album havent listened to it in a while but it is good overalllyrics 8/ 10 beats 9/10
bad religion proves their worthiness once again with that signature sound we've grown to love . get up and wiggle ... they've done it again ... ! ! !
this version was the best one i could find that still stayed true to the original song i heard and enjoyed .
who is mike jones ? one look at his lyrics should answer that question .
i think this album is great and love the pop / hip hop hybrid , but admit that it is not for everyone .
i like the singer's voice and his songs are melodic.it ' s a nice change of pace to what's out right now .
these guys are soo original , there is nothing like them.get behind me satan is great !
suitable comeback entry lacks standout tracks to truly reinstate status but has plenty of decent selections to avoid failure .
the man puts down a great album . jennifer lopez is good in all but her voice keeps this album down from a 5 .
i love this album for its great grooves . it's a fun album to drive to if you like to cruise .
together < mass romantictogether < electric versiontogether < twin cinematogether > or = challengerstogether = * * * together > most everything else you're bound to hear these days .
once again , war comes through ... this album is a classic for all times ... i rate this album five stars ! ! !
isaac hayes soul music . interesting as to what he does with some main line songs .
the white stripes sound like they have been around forever , and if they keep this sound then they likely will be .
this is a good beat song ... for free i am happy to have it in my music collection . it is mine .
love love this song downloaded it to my phone and use it as a ringtone . its exactly what you hear on the radio .
it wasn't a really one of her best i bought it accidentally . . because it was suppose to be a credit promotion . . but it wasn't . . nyla
i enjoyed his albums and his hits . this one is a great one to get if you like his music .
good combination of cb and sevyn voices . i really enjoy listening to this song waiting to see what next for sevyn .
love adele's version of this song . it gives me chills . she has such an amazing gift . thanks for having this .
it's a song that appealed to me , so i bought it . do i recommend it ? yes , if you are a coldplay fan .
this is is good but doesnt have many of the hits but is still very good , it even comes with a poster
good ... ! with the mini lp series released for various artist in present , why phil collins don't give the same tratament for yours classics albums ?
early steely dan and more rock oriented , but many popular plays contained . still a tight sound for some good jazzy-rock .
good except for the edit of " rubberband man " . you'll have to buy the original album for that one .
this album is excellent ; blues , rhythm & blues , all together in a very good album .
wayne might be the hottest lyricist in the game right now . pick this cd up .
i really like this song . it's fun and catchy . it is the song you dance and you enjoy yourself with .
this record is good but not great . you can tell he was trying to break onto the charts and go more main stream with this record .
i used to like this song a little bit , but then it got really overplayed and it got really annoying .
not really a fan of the artist but i do like this song . great to listen to when i'm at the gym for motivation .
twenty one pilots has made one great album from start to finish . a must buy . take a listen to the album .
lil wayne is a joke , not music , manufactured garbage , don't belive me listen to this album , or just look at a picture of him .
great song by her ... suprisingly pop friendly and spans the musical tastes and i am by no means a fan of most new music .
you've heard the single on the radio . the rest of the album is as good and there are some surprises .
john hiatt has that unique sound , which is good , but what makes his songs are the stories and sounds . good stuff .
i did not think the cd has the absolute best of the cure , but it is okay . they left out some of their better tracks .
my 12 year old daughter loves this song . i'm kinda on the fence . it is a little repetitive , but other than that a good song
it was a nice song that i downloaded so long ago and it was free song of the day when i got it .
great song and very fun to listen to . this song down loaded well and sounds good when i listen to it
listen to this song , i almost over looked it because it looked depressing , but it is a great workout song .
the first of the great peter gabriel era genesis albums . standout track is the knife , but their all pretty good .
solid from start to finish ! this is classic elton , fun rockers and very nice ballads ! this also features one of elton's strongest backing bands !
i loved hearing it on the radio and i don't tire of it ! great upbeat song withpowerful techno beat that doesn't sound dated or tired . must listen !
this band is really good and i bought some other songs off other albums , as well . 4 more words required .
love it ! every track is smooth and classy ! if you are not into lounge or retro downtempo , then wake up and try this one out ... timeless
this was the first album i ever heard of thiers and when i heard it i imediately fell in love . i really recommend this alot ! ! !
this is by far the best game album - this album is a pure classic ... now this is what we call good music
gypsy woman was a good song & had a good message.also 100 % pure love.catchy music good for clubbing.but overall it's pretty good .
maroon 5 has successfully released yet another hit that makes you really want to get up and dance , and run out and buy their album . great band !
would like to find more from jessie j . she has a great beat and a sound the keeps going . very good song .
an awsome album johnny cash was letting us know of things to come and what we should expect in life .
i bought this album the day it came out and when i listened to the album it was good . i like just about every song on the cd .
very impressed with this one . these remastered 180g hendrix lp's are reasonably priced and i plan on buying more . the sound quality is top notch .
this is what live rock music is all about.the who in thier prime just crushing it song after song after song
pick this album up . every cut is tight . much respect and shines to nas for this collaboration.one .
i heard this tune once on the tv show arrow . downloaded it and listen to it frequently on my favorite playlist .
aaaaaa i love tidal and this one is great too ! the songs are always deep and beautiful . great work .
i'm not a major fan , but love her voice . i only have one that i consider a favorite.if you are a fan , joss does't disappoint .
they weren't led zeppelin but still quite good . they had good lyrics but the melodies were terrible ! child in time is a great song !
this guy is real he can rap and is better than most rappers today . hopefully he comes out of retirement .
cargo was a brilliant second album from the great men at work and was as good as their great debut.get both.hugely recommended .
i cant get enough of this cd . all the songs are str 8 . this cd is a musy buy .
this is probably one of the more popular , well-liked songs by kings of leon ... just my opinion . they are a talented bunch ...
i think i hit the button by mistake this is totally not my kind of music . i listened a few times
this is great music for upliftment and relaxing after a long hard day ! i would recommend it for those who commute to and from work - for sure !
keyshia cole's got it : the looks , the voice , and the great success on her debut album . well done ms . cole !
thanx for the great cd , but i can understand why you didn't want the cd--it sux .
not a big fan , but i do like this song . some find inspiration in the lyrics . i think it is a good song .
thank god it was free because i sure in the hell wouldn't pay for it . definitely not what i had expected .
very catchy song , very intense , enjoy listening to while cleaning , he's got such a soulful mellow voice that makes it seem real
i am not a big jt fan although he does have some songs that i like . this song reminds me of my husband .
my favorite song to date from our first american idol . i love kelly clarkston . she just keeps getting better and better .
this disc is pure heavy metal . it is one of the best live albums of all classic heavy metal !
a lot of hype after the first cd made so much noise , and this new cd is a good followup .
one of the best from elton john . has both of his best hit singles as well : " honky cat " and " rocket man "
love listening to this song when i'm working out ... works very well for motivation and getting you over that dead spot in your routine
i um , use this cd to help me sleep . it's wonderful . cheaper and more healthy than those pills .
this is a good stevie nicks cd but why all teh strings on every song ?
the lox now are improved and with a better rap family.this album is wack don't buy it .
this has to be cannonball adderley's greatest album . milt jackson is sensational . liking this is just one of those things .
is it pronounced ex-pose or ex-po-zay ? that one still keeps me up at night . p . s . - groovy music .
how could this duet possibly go wrong ! they made this christmas song their own and i loved listening to both of their voices all season !
i like how john legend sings and it's so soothing and i can't help but follow him and his music , like a little puppy follow his master .
nothing special of course . just like her other songs it sucks as usual.isn ' t your 15 mins up by now ?
muse has a distinct sound to them and love there creativity . such a great song ! a must by for muse fans .
angela bofill struts her stuff on this disc . it's remastered for an even more enjoyable listening experience ...
i love the powerful vocals on alabama shakes singer ! the music is rock and roll with a lot of soul ! its awsome !
another great duet kelly ! i saw her sing this with gil on the cma's and had to download it asap ... great sound for both artist !
well if this song is any indication of the album , i say she will be a very big artist ! excellent song !
this is the album where tupac mastered that delivery that everyone loves and immitates . he got it right on this one . addictive ever since .
this album is masterfully mixed , blending their voices together like they were one . all ten new songs are great , typical of cohen and robinson .
heard this song at the end of breaking dawn pt . 2 . fell in love with it ! it's so good my husband sings it to me !
of course , this is classic guns and roses and " sweet child o mine " was the best of their repertoire . rock on .
encourages your man to be brave with you and just say what he feels about you whether he likes you or loves you
fans call this cd hodge podge bodge because bodge is all over the place with different styles ! now you know ...
if you long songs that say la de da over and over 70 times to a casio keyboard back beat ... then this is your kind of music
good album album by the beasties . their best since paul's boutique . highlights : putting shame in your game , the move , and the negotiation limerick file .
the cd is in perfect condition ! no marks or bends and nothing is broken in the slightest . i would definitely recommend this product to anyone !
i can't wait until the cd comes out . i know it will be all that , a bag of chips , and some dun-dun .
this song is so motivational ! demi lovato is an inspiration ! and this song is proof ! it is an amazing song i recommend you buy it !
they should play this album repeatedly for captured terrorists until they beg us to stop . i'd sooner throw 199 pennies into the street than buy this .
this is a nice song with clean lyrics . it may just catch on with the mellow crowd , maybe even some teens .
well , this is an okay album , i mean , juvenile iz a light-heavyweight rapper ...
i love this cd and it is on my itunes for the car . super lyrics and very nice vocals make this one of my favorites .
alan parsons gives us some very nice music indeed in this album . this is very listenable , great voices , melody , lyrics .
classy piano-blues classic is a fine example of how to completely skirt dated cliche simply from a true inflection of informed personality upon well-worn transitions .
a different christmas song ! not my favorite song , but it is fun to hear . thanks for the free christmas song , amazon !
jay-z is just like puff daddy ! he got no real talent ! don't buy this , please ! i'm begging you !
other than the first cut , which is average , every song on this album rates a classic . " tell me your dreams " indeed .
this is a good song . coldplay does awesome music . great band who sings great songs . good music that never lets you down
love this cd the songs on it are great . it downloaded easily and plays well on the cloud , so on my computer and on my phone .
this marvin gaye masterpiece is top 5 all time for me . period . one of those if i had to choose albums for a small deserted island .
i love iron and wine , but i've always secretly wanted them to do some more upbeat stuff . that stuff is on this album ! love it !
it isnt something you enjoy listening to ... like nails on a chalkboard . music should be pleasent and good for your spirit .
i really like this cd . i am a huge bee gee's fan . this cd is really great . every collector should have it in their collection .
i love this album . it's the sexy side of melissa . i'm on my second cd of this because i wore out the first .
this cd is a through back in time , very excellent ! ... it was a very good cd , that will grow with time !
great album with a marvelous mix of lyrics and music . her voice simply soars - but twisted shows a completely different depth of ability .
i love this song it reminds me of the book of 50 shades of gray and it really turns me on ! ! ! hot
one of the best he has ever put out this cd will shock you just how real the sound and words make u feel
get a copy and play it on your birthday and have a great rocking one with steppenwolf doing for you party on
i have liked this song since it came out i only like it once in a while its a song u have to be in the mood for tho
don't let the your children not hear the christmas classics ... grab this download ... everyone will love it ! i know it is a hit in our family !
the only song i don't like so much is " it's time , " even though that's the single ; everything else here is great .
this cd hs four new songs by ) olivia . the old songs are the best you'll love this cd .
what more do you need to know ? i loved their sound the first time i ever heard them . i never get tired of listening to them .
i absolutly love this piece of music . its just really amazing . go buy it now
this is one of my favorite mj cd . it has a different twist to michael . i really loved it and bought one for my sister as well .
good and one of kind album , nice beat too it and enjoy listen to it , one of kind sound that stay with you
this was a very special surprise and a nice song to listen to for christmas ! please add this one to your christmas song list for next year !
i probably should not write a review , this man can do no wrong with me . he's great !
the commercial failure of krs 1s didactic venom is a tribute to the good taste of american rap fans . he has done better .
bought this song for myself and then gifted the same song for a friend of mine who loves zoey ! it is a really cool song !
a great return back to da game with snoop dogg this albuma classic.pick this up .
one of neil diamonds best albums from the 70s ... awesome songs , wonderful melodies ... one to played over and over ... a classic record for sure
this cd is one of ice cube's best work . buy it soon , because you really find it in store's any more . it's been around for year's .
this cd is one of the best that ive heard in a while.you can listen to the whole cd without skipping tracks.its great.buy this great cd .
can it get any worst than this cd ? let's see on his next cd .
this 2 cd set is great . they have their old hits as well as new ones . i would definitely say it's worth the money .
this song brings back memories but it's still as good now as it was then . definitely just as catchy and fun .
i absolutely love this song , it downloaded fine , and i would recommend this song .
listening to unknown artists is a hobby of mine , so i took a chance on shout out louds . it's not typical music , but it is fun .
big hit in some countries , but kids and time to pretend are better songs i think .
its no good . boring . only one good jam and thats not even that tight .
when she has a hit ... it is a hit ... a great tune with a great lick that just keeps on giving ...
this is probably r kellys best work to date . i still love the songs from this album .
very good cd solid tracks , id recomend this to any rap fanfavorite tracks : my chucksdome shotpopda biznessthe bar
if you love old school motown with a little funk . you will love this cd . a must have .
had been looking for this cd for a long time . was gladvi found it on amazon . and really glad i got it for such a good price
seals & crofts one of our best recording artist of all time just awesome every recording they did . george bretzlaff
came in and did a great job on this album i thought . not too many great male singers now a days but he's still holding his own .
i had first heard this song on dr.who , and i loved it then and now . it's very catchy and a fun song to dance too .
katy perry rocks ! what can i say ... i love this song and i am glad i was able to down load it through amazon .
some songs are good ( especially " straight up " ) , but some songs aren't as good . anyway , it's pretty good to listen to .
old , but it is one of the originals and so it is good dance music as well as sing along .
i love this saves the day album , and am glad to have added it to my collection . very catchy with good lyrics .
this is a great remaster of the original very good album . plus for once i really enjoyed the bonus tracks especially the studio jam . really cool !
why i gave this 5 stars ... who is on the cover ... premo , 5 stars all the way ! ! !
i love it the song is so good listen to . i listen to it all the time , i would recommand
good song my friend recommended this song i like it . i never heard of them before they kind of remind me of foster the people
this is the best album evermade . everytrack is tight and real . none off that fake rap crap today .
great song . can't stop listening to it . love the female singer's voice . seductive , haunting and melodic all at the same time .
i enjoy this album of his and the dvd classic albums of how they put together the album with the remaining band members
not a lot to say here . this cd is okay and that is about all .
used synthesizers more productively than rush ever wished it could . very good van halen album for most folks to enjoy .
another one that sounds like a greatest hits cd . they had what , like 5 hits from this album ? great .
got this because it was free and never heard the band before i liked it to be honest and can't complain
her voice is pleasant to listen to and the song gives hope to some who are lonely . may love happen .
one of their best albums . is great and rocks brilliantly with out stop or even slowing down once or twice .
best chilli peppers cd . great music , no bad songs . this needs to be in your collection .
this is a classic even though i think nas is better than jay-z jay-z made a few albums that i like this great but my favorite is brooklyn finest .
its good .. psc can hold their own .. still aint good as ti , but its all good .. they did they thing
" not a classic " wtf ? i shouldn't even have to tell you how great this album is . make sure to not get the clean version .
ab-soul ! you have done it again ! you wanna talk about conscious rap ? soul brotha number 2 will bring it to you !
these guys will make me listen to rnb again . songs are classy as always and timeless . still sounds go to me .
i've heard thousands and thousands of songs in my life . this is one of the best . once the chorus kicks in , you're hopelessly hooked .
why would anyone want to listen to this absolute trash has everyone been brainwashed by this hideous creature i cant seem to understand ? ? ?
nothing great or interesting . this is a decent release , fans know what to expect , not much new being said , interesting beats , ok production
this one is a great one to get if you like there live stuff . this one is for any fan .
i love every song on here . he has a balanced view on love songs , rap and than fast-slow songs . i play this cd every other day .
not much to say about this one other than aimee mann is awesome and this a great collection of touching , heartfelt songs .
yep , hip-hop is dead & this fool helped kill it . give your money to charity instead of making this knucklehead rich .
i am a huge usher fan and am constantly buying his albums so when i saw this one at the perfect price i had to snatch it up
this is not the best beefheart you can buy . get the later stuff or live albums there better
beautiful above average singer - fantastic keyboards - lousy material . if you're sleep deprived , this should send you into lala-land for at least a couple days .
the main worthwhile songs on this cd are of course , " genious of love " n ' " under the boardwalk " nuff said !
i previously had this release on cassette and always loved it because it covered hits from their first up to tusk . very good sampling of songs .
very pretty addition to my long list of christmas music . another free song offered by amazon , lovely . now i want the entire album .
i was waiting for this set.gang starr has been bad for over a decade.very underrated.he deserves more props for staying true to his thing .
taylor swift's voice is perhaps the greatest country music voice and songwriter in a long time . this album is just as good as her others .
i finally got a cd on tbis blues singer that all the great ones of today took after his music i had to fi d out and its good
a nice compilation . i'm not a huge rap fan , but 2pac made some incredible music , and a lot of it can be found on this set .
master p 5th lp and it is strong with the ( bout it - bout it ) song . worth getting .
only kate bush could conceive and sing perfectly the sensuousness of the symbol  denoting the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter .
people diss on this but i am going keep it real.most of the tracks are nice.overall is a great album not better than herdebut but still good
it's rare that i find an album on which i genuinely like every single song . alex clare is an amazing artist .
i like john denver music and replaced an old worn out 33 rpm record with the cd . this album is a classic .
people , don't waste your time supporting these ass clowns . life is too short ... thank you very little .
dj clue is on fire . he brings tight beats featuring most of today's hip hop stars !
i absolutely love the drop in this song . it makes the dance floor go crazy . i love to play in car .
great album by maxwell . one of my favorites to listen to when i just want to mellow out .
the slow songs are dreadful and indulgent . i wish people knew about the gun club .
anything that combines the gym class heros with adam levine is alright to me ! good song and great singers to boot !
i love how he continues to make awesome records , it's well worth buying for any beck fan .
i so love this album this is my favorite toni braxton album and also her first album is also my favorite to what can i say this album is awsome
i'm not big on live cd's but i loved this , as i'm a big alicia fan . ' wild horses ' & ' diary ' r my favorites .
this is great music ! i love this band . good beat and lyrics . real tunes , not plastic bubble gum .
obviously not her best work . but she still sounds great and it's a great to listen to her voice .
yusef , we loved you then , we love you now ... these are great songs--still love them , still sing them ...
this man is so real its just scary sometimes speaks what he is feeling the greatest rapper all time no doubt in my mine
this is a real good good cd too buy and she look real good ...
there are several moody blues classics , and this happens to my favorite . another cd with bonuses that are worth the extra space .
this album is kinda uneven but it contains their funkiest track ever far east mississippi . this song alone is worth buying the album .
if you like lyfe change then you will love .. smoke sessions by devin the dude . this is one of the best of 2008 .
if you don't , then go to " things fall apart " and pick it up . you wont be sorry !
the end of the 1970 ' s coincides with the end of a successful run of string laden power pop albums by the electric light orchestra .
every cd seems to be as good as the last with this guy , he's only young but he's got it together ! ! !
this album is awesome rock n roll soul from ace . trouble walkin ' is worth the price alone , just awesome .
not what i was expecting and very happy for it . not the usual holiday song but i think that makes it all the more awesome .
if you like elton john and want just the best of his earlier stuff , then this is the album to get .
ready for his new album alreadywhat can i sa ? suit and tie is my sunday morning church anthem . yessir .
i think it is safe to say this is the best rapper and best rap album of allllllll time . yah baby ! it ain't enff stars foe it ..
6 months after it's dark x killed it again , if you are an x fan this is definitely one of his best albums .
purchased for my daughter who still loves miley - awesome song ... words and music were great . fun to sing and dance to .
i am a tiesto fan since his first lbum , this in particular proves why he is the number on dj in the world .
onerepubic is a great band and i have a lot of favorites with them . this one is no different . great song .
amazing that this can be so good and every other thing he ever recorded was garbage . buy this and avoid everything else !
i'm a fan of fleetwood mac i'm enjoying the ablum very much it brings back many wonderful memories from my teenage years
this cd is crazy , classic , and eminems best . i dont have much to say but just go pick it up .
fast beat and hip hop makes you want to get up and move with the music . a great song to workout to or just dance to .
good but nothing to write home about.got it free so not complaining about that.wife likes it and it provides a good mix to our audio library .
" toys in the attic " is truly a great release , and worth every penny . rock sound , and crazy vocals .
this is a really cute song , it downloaded just fine without any problems , would recommend this song to anyone that wants it .
if you still dont have this , shame on youthis is a classic , a must buytop 10 all-timecop it ! ! !
such a rare talent - and not just marketing buzz . i bought this an 19 which i have not listened to yet .
this is a cd that i have bought and lost over and over again.this is one of the best rap records of alltime .. thats nuttin less than real ...
this is a strong album by juve . hes got a lot to talk about and sounds hungry which always makes for good material .
bthnresurrection is off the chain at their very best because the song from begining to end is off the hook and represent the south for sure
excellent , perfect music ! i can listen to this over and over and it never gets played out . it is so beautiful ! get this album
allison krauss is truly talented . such a beautiful voice . this disc has the best songs of all her discs . easy listening .
this is one of my fav songs and i am so happy that i can have it on download . mars rocks ! thanks
the saga of meat load and jim steinman is that of great music.this set of songs continues that legacy .
five stars for reinventing herself ! great song with fantastic recording quality and sound . may not be suitable for the youngest and the elderly crowd .
great cd , only da carter is better this year and the documentary is close
here's my review : tori amos's best album.now quit dilly-dallying and go buy the thing .
it has a good beat and carly has a great voice ! but , it sounds like so many other song i have heard !
this is has to be the best cd i own . she is a wonderful talent . kick back and listen to the relaxing sound of norah jones .
the neps were the best thing this cd has going for them clipse better thank god they met these mugs .
executive producers : kenneth gamble & leon huff ... my favourite songs are music's takin ' over and man of war .
i enjoyed his album and his box sets . this one is for any fan of jimi hendrix and fan of his music .
too much filler for this set to rate higher than 3 stars . and nothing from " beauty on a back street " .
had this album when i was a teenager , and was really glad when i found i could have it back again .
love this ! ! ! it is absolutely beautiful . very uplifting . i would recommend it to anyone . it deserves 5 stars and more
didn't like it at first , but once i really gave it a good listen , i didn't stop listening to it . every track is a winner .
who can not like kansas . such a great group . every song is a winner . excellent music . moden music could never compare .
i love this song . so much fun to listen to in the car . good quality and great to listen to
wow--love this cd ! when streisand and gibb blend their beautiful and distinct voices together , the result is pure heaven to my ears .
this is the best album ever . the outlawz are awesome , 2pac is the greatest rapper of all time ...
i was really shocked . it is very soulful . if you like neo soul you will like this cd .
great pop album , with lots of well known songs.to me , the best one is the title track , really good emotional song .
anything from nick drake is excellent ! ! ! i own pink moon , 5 leaves left , and bryter layter ... i wouldn't trade them for anything
catchy tune . sticks in your head the first time you hear it and then you can't stop singing it all day .
listening to carly simon is always a delight.listening to her greatest hits is pure pleasure .
one of my top 10 albums of all time . i love every single track on here . they are all weird and perfect and so 90s . buy this
great work from macc 10 , # 1 crew , & g chit is like a drug are the hardest , also g horror show & lbc to ing .
i listen to this song when i need to hit the gym and just stay focused . it gets me pumped to work out
any true bee gees fan and collector wouldn't be caught without this one . their music in this one has an up tempo .
great cdevery song is worth the money.every song is good.buy this if u don't have itclean or explicit version dosent matter
not a fan of rock music , but this song rocks ! ! ! one of my favorite songs . love this guys voice and the words .
bought it for my daughter age 16 she loved it thatspeaks for itself considering her age what most kids 16 listen to
but i'm slowly building up a library of cds . he has fun performing and his lovely ballads and love songs are well worth buying this cd for .
give it a try . it is a free sampler . you may just find a gem like dreambuilding up your alley ,
a mindblower . these guys not only do son house better than led zeppelin - - they do led zeppelin better than led zeppelin .
this cd is phat ! ! ! i hope his next album is even better ( whenever that's supposed to come out ) .
this cd is greatly appreciated and you should get it great to listen to while your dancingand singing with the music
i just got this album , but haven't had a chance to really listen to it yet . it's alright so far , not one of my favorites .
jimi's first studio album , a good one . a few good , not really poplular songs as welli like it . may get a concert as well
amy winehouse is a treasure that we lost too soon . this cd captures her at her peak , its unique to her and it always makes my day .
alice finally hit the number one spot on billboard albums with this one . it has the hits no more mr . nice guy , elected and hello hooray .
this album is awesome , great sound for everyday listening . i recommend this album to everyone . can't wait for the next one .
great song ! great vocals . adele has out did herself . shes great and this whole a ; bum is greeat . cant wait for her next album
a good product at a good price . a must for superman fans of all ages . and they help keep your vehicle clean .
this is a joint you got to play i like this gangsta album this a classic pick it up .
very good album . raw and talented . very good to listen to with both ears and both feet tapping , all ten toes .
this is a great song by fun . i've loved this band for a while and they've put out some great albums !
sulty voice and great tunes were what made simply red simply great . this is a collection of some of his best and most known tunes .
what else can we say but this is a fun song that is lovely to dance to for people of all ages .
it is great . love the lyrics and the beat .. bruno mars did an awesome song as usual .. one of the top songs on my playlist
very few bands personify 80s new wave music more than the cure . this is a great compilation . if you like new wave this is a must have .
i love the chorus ! i love the verses ! i love the black eyed peas ! i love this song ! i love !
it has the song " little wing " , nothing else needs to be said .
she sounds what can only be described as virgin country . pure and wholesome an it gave ai a shot in the arm which it so desperately needed .
don't get me wrong and don't call me maybe for free ... this was free and nice to have in my collection .
not maany people like this album like i do i thinks it was asign of things to come.one of the best debuts
what's better than mcknight and groban ? not much ! makes listening to a favorite christmas carol as warm as a winter fire .
in my opinion , this is luda at his best ! a great cd !
great , easy-listening classic rock sound . this is my favorite cd of this band.not a classic , but songs to definitely remember !
this has got to be his best collection . lots of memories listening to this one . all good ones . great sound .
this is another example of ville valo and the group at their finest and most talented moments . 5 star rating -
this ain't nuthin special , afew hot tracks but most of it is trash.hot tracks : bad boy for lifecan't believeback for good now
ever ! great tunes like the title song , james dean , old 55 ... classics ! skip the " greatest hits " and just get this album .
this is my third favorite song right now and my umpteenth happy purchase meaning amazon.com is the best website i have ever bought stuff from thank you amazon
if you area five finger death punch then you'll love this cd . it is amazing . sound is a very good mixdown .
my children picked 10 songs each to put together a dance cd and this was one of the songs that made the list . keeps them moving !
this is a beautiful song from adele's first album . everything she touches turns to gold . beautiful voice and beautiful song .
listening to music like this on my computer makes my day at work much better , and this was perfect for that purpose .
break it yourself is an absolutely gorgeous record definitely beyond what even expected from andrew bird , i'd say it's well worth adding to your music collection .
bruno mars is a genius and this song is proof of it . the song has this old yet new vibe if that makes any since
neil sedaka singing a christmas song - - who can resist ? for the holiday season , i recommend this selection for everyone's library .
elton john / madman across the water : there is not a bad track on this excellent album and it more than earns a five star rating .
i hate e - 40 , but the track with 2 pac is good.the 2 stars are only for that song.don ' t buy this junk trust me .
i can't stop listening to this . much softer than their last album but still kicks butt . i think this band may just be the new queen .
starts off strong but definitely fades during the final tracks . overall though , it's still a pretty solid album and was well worth paying 4 dollars for .
this is a good solid album . it doesn't quite live up to the 2 prior so i can't give it 5 stars but still a nice work .
one of eagles classic albums . brings back great memories . whats not to like and the price is great as well .
the music down loaded really well . i was just hoping this was the longer version of the song but it is still good !
nothing like a sweet voice to stop road rage . how can you get angry listening to something so mellow ! ! ! sweet
i like being able to download only the songs i like instead of buying a whole cd and when you dowload , its instant gratification ! !
such a great artist , and an amazing group one of my favs of all time . a must own for music lovers
i like 50 cent and this album better than curtis album dont like have a baby by me though
this is an aight lp and it's nothing that typical or political and its change from those type stuff so i guess i can deal with the dipset
saw the parody of the song and knew that i had to have the original song . bright and fun is the name of this song
thanks for the speedy service ! too bad this wasn't thrice @ their best - - i can't stand the first 3 discs .
this cd is banging from start to finish . a few of the hooks stopped me from giving it 5 stars but this is a must have
this is an excellent jewel cd . she delivers her sharp lyrics and excellent melodies in her typical manner . i would highly recommend this cd !
fast , funny and joyously hooky , last splash captures what alternative rock was supposed to sound like before it degenerated into plain-wrap radio mush .
this song is cool , i sing it cause it's cheesy and it should be sung because it's cheesy music with friends
i really like this song . totally glad i added this to my mp3 cloud collection . will have to check out more of their stuff .
this goes much beyond the pigeonhole . beyond in musicianship , certainly better vocals , more interesting arrangements , far more listenable . hope they continue .
the bad boy himself at his best . this is a must have collection . miss me blind is my favorite , followed closely by church of the poison mind
i am ' older ' and like to keep up with some of the alternative tunes . my daughter recommended these artist and i was quickly hooked .
i'm a big fan of the band expose there cd what you don't know is an excellent cd , all the songs sound great there really cool .
this is a super nice album . this is the kind of music that will never get old . you can't lose by having this album in your collection .
the song is sweet and fun . i feel anyone who likes pop and justin timberlake in general will enjoy this song .
the american drug association should use this album to deter kids from drugs . it would work alot better than mcgruff
i like all of alicia's music . she is just a really good singer and her songs are just super nice to listen to .
reminds me so much of college days in massachussetts ! love this cd ! it's raw and fine tuned . great music ~
common tell me the truth if you hear this in todays world youdo not have that patients to sit and listen to it all i gotto say 2004 .
love to listen to him during my club days he was one of the top sellers during the house music era
i would like to see a biography on him . i guarantee it's amazing . his story from the real atl to word of mouf is really inspirational .
this is real rap , not commercial . true classic and should be kept 5 stars . sog for life .
no , not that otis , but the real mccoy ! raw power in his voice and no one can beat him at the blues !
i loved the cars , soooo oringinal.the more time passes , the better they are.and this is the set of songs that launched the legendary band .
but she's great . my favorite song on this album is sinkin soon . get this album if you enjoy jazz and previous norah albums .
anthony hamilton once again proves to be great . you will love this recording and play it over and over . enjoy it
if fifty cent is bigger than the beatles and the beatles are bigger than jesus , is fifty cent bigger than jesus ?
call this one " bodge on boogie " because its that good , folks ! now you know ...
i had never heard of them before but tried it out and it was really great . i would look for more from them .
i got this track because it was free and to be honest i liked it thought that mr . lamar really stuck his foot in this one
this is a great song but i think it it too long at six minutes . the lyrics are lacking but the beat is catchy for a dance song .
3 1/2 one of few effective electronic-indie collaborations , gu is an effectively solid piece of emo boogie , somewhat hampered nonetheless from limited but appealing production .
face top 5 rappers dead or alive and this album proves that ... also check out the diary , the fix & mr scarface is back
thank god black rob is in prison another bad boy artist has bit the dust heard g dep's somewhere struing out anyway black rob's cd sucks .
once again guy is one of the best groups of the 90 ' s and all of the guy's have great voices
this album has all of the classic hits , plus turn your love around . a must buy for old and new fans .
they are two musicians who have collaborated on numerous songs.the perfect guitarist and the perfect folk singer ! their great harmonies makes this the best cd
what can i say ... its another great album by luda ... still putting that fire out with the banging beats and dope lyrics .
hey , anyone who puts in david boreanaz in their video automatically gets high praise ! good job , dido !
i love this song it is one of my favorites ! ! listen to it all the time when the mood is right !
tired of this song . hate it ! why do we americans support artists who sing about hating our soldiers and killing them . why ?
nas is the illest rapper . 50 cent should take notesinstead of talking trash on sirius radio . g unot ! ! !
good songs but you really need the funk on fire cd set for more of the best funk group in ohio at the time .
black korea is hot and the overall la riots experience on wax is very evident . a mind blowing rap album ! ! !
pure history . this album opened the collective white consciousness to the stark depths of the blues . not to be missed .
what can i say about the queen of soul , aretha franklin other than her music will go on in time and have an affect on future generations .
i'm always looking for soothing music to play in the background of my classroom . this will work very nicely for me .
yes ! not just i who is crazy about this.all the recipients of this song aschristmas gift are as well much happierand crazy about it !
these are true to the lps i still have ! they sound awesome , and they are steely dan . love it . listen all the time .
love this song ! downloaded this for my ringtone was super easy to get on my phone and use . will download from amazon again super easy .
every song is good . vol 1 had almost all of the big hits but these songs are all good.these are the lesser known hits .
i have been in awe of adele since her first album 19 , and i think 21 is her best yet . the cd arrived on time and intact .
it was ok . it wasn't good as the other cd's that he came out with , but it was alright . solid !
not too late by norah jones is just a good album to listen to over and over again trust me you want get tired of listening .
bad music , by a bad man . my wife made me buy this for her .
harper's roots-rock was starting to atrophy and show generic influence , but still guarantees the disc is not dismissed by a decent number of sincerely rendered compositions .
this cd is a very good showing of michelle's talents and i love it . the spirit room though a good cd was topped by this cd .
just one listen to on the rolling stone web site as a free listen and i was hooked , best album of 2011 .
one of michael's best cd's . i purchased this one for myself , but i bought another one for my sister as well . she really enjoyed this one .
unique sound ! a must have for your collection ! i still do not tire of listening to this ! great as a gift or for yourself !
a very good song . i like the words and the beat . i would buy this song again and recommend it also .
blackstreet is one of the best groups that came out of the 90 ' s love all the work of teddy riley
mos def 1 of da best of da seasononly weezy bested dis boya a ajuelz is in da game
this is master p's best album by far ! ! all of the songs on here are tight ! ! go get this ! !
obviously a good song heard it at the mall and has a very good beginning to it i die to play the violin like that !
i got a 2 disker-with a bonus disc of live shows in ( and from ) germanyltd ed atthis late date ! ?
i have all of the joss stone cd's and this is my favorite , although i haven't been disappointed by the others !
i bought my first cam cd today ! purple haze ! he is so sexy ! i love this cd ! 5 star * * *
robert johnson in 1 sentence is the greatest blues artist from the begining to end ...
what's better than finding a blondie song for free ? love having this song as part of cloud player . fun and great quality .
i did not own anything by fleetwood mac , but remember their songs from college . this is perfect and i love all of the songs . highly recommend .
some ha-ha-funny stuff . a lot of juvenile stuff . nothing of real quality . pass .
the songs arent as catchy as his debut but the synth work and melodies are just as strong . the music speaks for itself , try it out for yourself
my wife and kids love this disc . we have listened to it in the car many times . very strong disc as the awards would indicate .
dmx is one of the greatest rappers of all time and this album proves it , he's grimy and straight up , he's the real deal .
i was a big fan of the collaboration between these two . when i found this song i really wanted it because it was really good
a klassic great second album including last word keep ya head upone of the best in 94 .
this in an excellent moody blue's cd . these are nice melodies and sounds . very enjoyable . i would highly recommend buying this cd for your collection !
3 1/2 retains an entrancing atmosphere of creepy but fun ambition , if unable to seal the whole deal with an uneven package .
only someone with a lot of talent would dare use one name . incredible . love the tunes , the artist and the way it all comes together .
chris has the gift of gab and his beats are on point in this album . this is a true growth from rapper to complete artist .
this is not old school , it is for the young and energy driven . good dance music not just for listening .
i like it but it is not one of my favorite bruno mars songs . it is still a good song though .
i love this band they get better and better finally a new school band with a good messege amazing
i love this song - it's full of energy and the music is very catchy . great vocals and a consistent sound .
got it free , nice sound and easy listening . just was average when compared too some of the other authors my wife likes to hear .
great to jam too . but she usually has fun music for a car ride or whatever . i'm not worried about controversy , just fun music
not a bad track to listen too . i always love amazon free tracks . i like discovering new music on here , this song is no exception .
jazzy , groovy and crunk best describes this joint . check it out ! key tracks : back in the daydangerbump iti want youlove of my life
but where are heartbeat city ( that even made greatest hits ) and all mixed up ( their best song and never on a compilation ) .
yo classic hip hop right here ... pac might've been better , but that dont make this any less to listen to ... one of my favorites
this was a free music download at first it had a smappy tone . i got board with it with in the end of this song .
everytime i hear selena i think i might cry . this cd is perfect . rip selena .
i love their music and their sound . i would recommend this cd to everyone . i'm not a huge country music fan but i enjoy this cd .
perfectly performing short-length warm up to an embraced debut , yl showed the unique indie experimenters firing on all cylinders from the start .
i really really enjoyed this album , some great songs nothing mind blowing but a solid album , i would highly recommend it
vocals are entrancing . i like the slow jam vibe of the song . i listen to it often and it was a good free find .
another album that should be considered one of his best , and one of the better albums of the late 1970s ... a truly magical album
i love this song , had probably only heard it once or twice , but am a huge fan of kelly clarkson and would recommend this to anyone !
love to listen to this one because i do belong with my sweetheart . i just tell him i love him when i hear this ! !
the early moody blues albums are all classics in their own way . i recommend this album to all who like the early moody blues .
all i can say is this cd is smokin ' hot sexgod & right on cope this cd you will not be one bit disappointed .
love this album i got it when it first came out play it all the time my favorite is cecil brown the rest are great too hank iii rules .
hola soy hernan de argentina.el producto lo recibi muy rapido y en exelentes condiciones , se recomienda al vendedor.saludos a todos los fanaticos de el rey
i believe this is my favorite cd . this cd has excellent lyrics and a great beat . i highly recommend it.writer at bellaonline
this album is a solid production by an older , more mature no doubt . their sound has aged and not in a bad way .
next to the immaculate studio releases this can't help but look like a ragged b-sides compilation with more than a couple reminders as to why his strings were king .
really impressed . great production . i didn't have to hit the skip button once ! mary brought the pain on this one !
great song , wonderful voice , catchy tune , what is not to love , add the cloud and a portable device and you are good to go .
if this is your kind of music it's great stuff . unfortunately i'm more into metal so this really isn't my thing .
mystikal sounds good on every track.my fav tracks are there he go , and im on fire . a must have for any rap fan .
ok album the last one they would make . as with the first two george is prominent on all songs . nice album to complete any wham collection .
i'm a softie at heart , i love the way she sings , so gentle and her feelings come out so vividly .
three days grace is a great band in general . one-x is not as good as their earlier work but it is still rocking .
if your a blues fan like myself this is a great cd tho add to your collection . john lee hooker was a legend .
this is a very catchy song with a sexual underlying meaning , not intended for children but very catchy and fun for workouts !
el producto llego muy bien y muy rapido.realmente esta en codicion de exelente.se recomienda al vendedor.saludos a todos los fanaticcos de la buena musica , la de antes
i love this song and couldnt stop playing it when it first came out i deff recommend it u will love it
sci-prog is about half gimmicky cheese , and two quarters technically proficient / inspired fluidity .
i freakin love this album . its nice fun music . im glad the 80s are back .
i really enjoy this cd it is a lot different to his first cd all the tracks are great . his tilled track is fantastic .
a great performer , writer and ballardeer . this is a great cd as i have often played it through the midnight hours to great enjoyment .
steeper , breezier arrangements on bl compliments his other bare-bones melancholia , rarely smothering the elemental sadness and acoustic excellence prevalent in near everything drake composed .
another great hank iii album . contains some awesome traditional sounding country songs . it's such a shame that country music doesn't sound like this anymore .
i nice burst onto the scene . i like this from ludacris . pretty ill .
i love marsha ambrosius's music . i listen to her cd all of the time . i like her solo and also like her with floetry .
this is by far my favorite cd - - ever . i don't like hip hop , or rap--but santigold has a different ethnically jammin sound .
i've said it once , i've said it twice , and i'll say it thrice : this woman's voice is horrible !
great cd in true dido fashion . if you liked no angel , this cd will not dissapoint . i listen to this cd all of the time .
great album , all the songs in this album are great , i recommend this album to everyone ! ! ! a must buy ! ! !
excellent cd for the sound track that went alone with movie . the dance groves really get you moving even today
enuff said right there but since i have to have a certain number of words , i'll reiterate . it's earth wind & fire ...
tightly knit , no-frills progressive rock from the usually overly sensational 70 ' s-era italians is classy compositional ambition and arranged restraint .
i love anything joe makes . i am currently buying all his old cd's and his new one . can't wait to download it . * * )
ja rule is a freakin disgrace to the rap game ! anybody who buys his album needs their head checked !
as always , h . i . m . produces beautiful music and emotional lyrics that compliment each other-outstanding record ! 5 star rating -
i purchased this for my teenager who seems to like it . i listened to it and it sounds ok .
i brought it for one song but find the whole cd to be entertaining , the cd is worth the money
i really don't like this song . voice cracks too much when saying keep keep bleeding .
no doubt that you can't go wrong with no doubt we own all their music and even when she went solo ... glad they are back together
a saturday was always complete when this music would come on my tv set.herbie hancock brought the jams with this set.alot of fun & slammin good times .
it may be a good song to others depending on the genre of music you like but it just wasn't my thing .
this is a good effort from orbital , otono is the best on the album .
jack white pumps out great albums left and right . he could record himself taking a * * * and it would sell .
this limited edition remastered version of dangerous ( one of my personal favs ) is a must have for any jacko fan or someone who loves great pop music .
lacey knocked it out the park again a combination of spiritual uplifting and dark gothic sounds with a voice that is distinguishable anywhere .
aerosmith was awson . i like this cd . they make great songs and diliverd with this cd . i would diffently recommend this cd .
that song gangstas make the world go round , alone is reason to buy this cd .
pretty funny song , though should have let rebecca black sing in it . my gf loves this song . entertaining , interesting , pop
even with colors threatening to leave a poor aftertaste , sanders charts his own love supremely with an enveloping spiritual homage of whirling tribute .
songs in the key of life is wonderful , perhaps the best 5 albums ever . stevie wonder is a genius .
i used to have this on lp and i new it was a good album so i wanted the cd .
one of the best album of q ! the personnel is really great ! and here there is the legendary ... killer joe !
this is one of the most powerful cds ever recorded , and i wish the band would just re-unite because their subsequent material is uncomparable
nowhere near as good as their debut , but a good album from them ... couldn't see them top their debut anyways :)
ludacris represented with this one . i love this cd its off the chains . good beats , original lyrics , everything needed to make a cd great .
i just purchased this song as an mp3 and i am very satisfied with it.the sound quality is excellent and i am most pleased with it .
for all fans of the artist , a terrific recording , will enjoy very much . great listening music and dance as well .
this one grows one you and grows and grows . even though all her topics are the same ... the song is catchy
i was online and i saw the national anthem so i bought so i could listen to it when i wanted to or on a national holiday .
beautiful tango elements that are perfectly mixed with the most up today electronica beats .
i like the song . like the beat and the music . and actually , i think the message is a good one . just be who you are .
robert plant is a genius . his voice is perfect with allison krauss ' voice . such touching songs . very easy listening . recommended .
this song is awesome . when this guy sings he makes me melt . i mean this guy can sing . love it
a very smooth cd . these girls came with when they came out ! i love it ...
i didn't care for this sampler as it did not do the trick for assisting me to fall asleep . maybe someone else might have better luck with it .
a great cd . what is hip ? soul vaccination ! awesome songs . on an awesome cd . get this cd
i enjoyed his stuff with gensis and his own . this is for any who like peter gabriel stuff and music .
you can't have a good r & b collection without mr redding . this pretty much is a good sampling of his talent .
considering the loss and tragedy within the band , this is a very strong , if not stunning release by the pretenders and some of their best material !
this is true alison . this is true bluegrass . this is a wonderful cd !
i enjoy listening to this song . it always puts me in a good mood . her music is very calming and relaxing .
i never really heard of this singer before . some of the songs on this cd are lido shuffle , lowdown , it's over and more .
a masterful album . i love hearing johnny express himself in this solo work with more than just his usual masterful guitar work .
love this cd ! i have it on nearly every day . great songs , not just one , they're all great ! very happy with this purchase !
loaded this on my mp3 too . a must for the gym ! i love the way this guy sings with passion .
i would rather go to my backyard and eat one of my dog's turds than listen to this garbage ! what a crappy , annoying song this is !
love joe soundhe is a great writer and set the mood for lovealso check out tiec tocc's song frozen it's a masterpieceand jeremih new album hot
sh * t is gully ... would be 5 stars , but pharrel is a fruitcake
this man is so much a part of the blues , his face is in the dictionary next to " the blues " .
i love miley cyrus as an actress and singer , she is my girl to be inspire in my life . love it !
got to be the most inspiring voices , she has so much soul in her songs . bet her concerts would have u rating her your best too
has so many good songs like , black magic , my life , and the best of all my brother , you have to get just for that beauitiful song
thanx for the speedy service , and i must say this is one of the best albums i've ever heard !
this album is the bomb she did a very good job on this one u should get it and i am a huge mary j blige fan
i think this is the finest collection of songs they could have picked . anyone who is an eagles fan would find this an excellent investment to their collection .
not bad . not my favorite song , but it is a cute parody of holiday to-do . thanks for the free christmas song , amazon !
after all this yers they are still one of the bes out there today.east coast gangstaz.this should be one of there classic albums
the sound is great and has most of the songs i was looking for . it helps towards completing my lists of albums wanted
this cd is truly awesome ! when i bought it i couldn't believe how cool it was . eve is way better than lauryn hill anyday .
add to your collection of cole's recordinmg . she can do no wrong and you should purchase it and give as gifts
the album was alright , well it start out tight and just sunk from there.the first four songs are tight , but the others are a question mark .
this song is so great that once you listen to it , it will make you get up and move . i love it
i love everything that bruno does . he is amazing . he music resembles a lot of peoples lives and everyone can relate to it .
i like brandy songs there are great song to listen to everyday in your car are on your mp3 players .
50 cent came from the street ... whoo kid keeps it real ... search whoo kidget street rap ... the mixtape way
it would make good background music for a laid back party . however , it didn't strike me as outstanding . it wasnt bad though .
this is a great song , it has a good bounce to it . rihanna is an awesome singer . i would buy it over again .
this album is definately worth your money . i bought it the 1st day and haven't stopped listening to it yet . every 2pac fan better buy this album .
i like the song but not once i can keep listening too.has a pretty album cover and very christmasythe harmony is great.just not the best fun song .
i had never heard of marie miller , which probably explains why this song cost nothing . she is a good singer nonetheless .
if you like vw , you'll like this album . good for a third album , if not as great as their freshman and sophomore efforts .
this album is great for southern hip-hop fans . it has good beats and a nice flow from jeezy . worth picking up for sure .
this song is a nice relaxing christmas song with no words to it . good for when you are having a dinner party or just need some chill time
this is a great classic album . my only complaint is that it would be so much better in stereo ( it's a mono recording ) .
i don't find it as triumphant as the follow-up , but barely a more creative , organic hip-hop album was released then ( or now ) .
this is an average album . there are some decent songs and the production is okay . probably for die hard ghost fans.rating c +
angie stone's deep vocals are moving . the songs have messages . i love the first intro cut . angie stone is soul
godsmack best one they done . all 12 kicks major ass . buy this one you'll love it .
fantastic wish museum , because it is what i feel i entered when listingin to these steller songs by la krause ! ! !
this is awful material ! the songs tell about justice ! the riffs are quite ok but i would like to have more intelligent lyrics like slayer's ! ! !
this is the worst jay-z album that he came out with . listen to some real stuff like pac
i love this song , i love maroon 5 too , their music has such an upbeat feeling to them . love it !
this album is a bit of folk and rythm and blues . i think it's okay since this is the first album i have ever listened to from him .
if you want rock out like there is no tommorw put this awesome album on and crank it up .
this is a great album . best songs rubberband man and 24 ' s . go buy this now
sheila e is one of pops icons . this is a reflection of her great artistic ability .
i am not sure what this song is about but sia has a very powerful voice and really carries the song well
if you love the band and your collection is light on the america releases by all means pick it up .
this is the same song as used in combat rescue a cable show about pjs picking up wounded soldiers . very cool song .
i originally didn't like how shouty and off-key her voice was , but i ended up really growing to like it on this track !
it's ice-t.buy it.hot beats , smooth flow and the delivery that only the iceman can do .
i love the blend of these ladies and how effortless their harmonies appear to be . this song is a great jam !
takes me back to those hot summer days driving my pick up to the beach listening to jb on the 8 track
slim thug always da boss - also check out smoke sessions , vol . 1 - from his homie devin the dude another 5 stars .
this is probably my least favorite primus album , and i still love this album , i love the unique , almost experimental sound they create .
blue orchid is a great song but the rest of the album sux ... the songs are kinda weird .
i waited awhile for letoya and latavia to come back . letoya made it so worth it . she did a great job with her first solo effort .
steely dan has been around for a long time , but they've also not been given the credit they deserve . atleast i don't think .
this is my favorite redman album , he just kills it on muddy waters . the skits on this record are highlarious too .
great collection that you will enjoy . its got some essential eagle hits that really are gems . a fine collection of music from a fine collection of musicians .
this is okay for a freebie and it is a great way to experience other music without buying whole album .
this cd is so good ! ! ! i love it ! ! this is a must have for everyone .
one of this bands best albums . it has the hit title track and voices . there is not a bad track on the album .
carrie sings great . the album crosses over into both country and " other " listeners alike . the songs are good and show her voice off well .
red light district is the best ludacris album better than back for the first time
3 1/2 as diversely experimental as anything he's done , wait's often classic tweaks upon various genres bends in momentum only to its predecessor .
she was a great writer , a good singer and the album is nice sunday afternoon offering
i love ya dolly , but this music is the whack , or it is to this city boy ! this is a cd only the waltons could love !
this is a pretty good album . i really like the beats and rhymes in it . go buy this cd , its awesome .
both my kids had this song after i heard it i had to get it . my first lmineers song . i will be listening to them .
what more can i say , this album is a total package.tracks such as ' change your world ' best define the direction in which soul music must go
4 1/2 where else do you get the pop prowess of the beatles mixed with the funk finesse of parliament in such solid servings ?
this one still sounds the best to me of all his other release.your bodys callin , bump & grind , 12 play.he is a very talented writer & producer .
great album , heavy riffs , great enchanting lyrics and amazing vocals . go cult !
the musicianship is still solid , but the whole cd just feels kind of cold .
i wasnt really into 80 ' s rap but this is pretty good , but anyway get it !
i don't get it why some people rated this album 1 star . this is such a good album . the beats for this album are great . g-unit .
dock of the bay what a song this man was great its sad his life was short he really kicked it out
excellent new music for my collection . loved that i got the cd for my son and i got an mp3 version for myself .
fair , but no better than fair . the lead singer obviously was heavily inspired by belinda carlisle . it's worth a listen at least .
good album busta ... i love this album ! nite time beats for a system great album and a must buy ! ! !
good lyrics and accompanying music . love the words which are easy to relate to . one of this artists best songs
the title song is a classic . the overall feel of the album is what you would expect from any of the eagles .
love love love this album ! ! maxwell's sexy and sensual voice and vibe are so clearly evident here in every song .
this cd is a gamble & huff production . the jacksons were very lucky to get these philly greats .
always good to hear from this group ! debbie harry's vocals remain strong and consistent over the years . can't beat the price of free either !
the fact that the third cd has say , say , say on it make it alright . the disc is awesome anyway .
this is i think one of mary j's best albums but at the same time she has so many but i consider this one a must have .
the name bone thugs n harmony speaks for it self every album they ever made was wak ! ! ! ( and thug world order is no exception )
if you only had to own one cd of jimi hendrix this one would be it ... " if 6 was 9 " baby .
i listen 2 about all the songs on this cd wich means this is a pretty good cd
love this band . this song is just one more good song in a long list . i would recommend it and its album .
this song has clear , sharp vocals with an addictive melody . just what one would want in an entertaining pop song .
well , i call it operatic . i love his singing . it is just so amazing . it is a song you can hear again and again .
no diss but its ok but his music is repetitive to me but i do like it
adele is so talented . it seems like this song was made just for her . i am not sure any else could sing it the way she does .
the sound quality is superior and the classic teddy voice is strong and soulful .. highly recommended .
good cd . really different . this album has a sound never heard in the rock genre . its amazing . im speechless .
classic ! go get it support real rap music . production off the chain lyrics you already haft to know he brings it .
love this sond , billy's sound and the words of this song . it's how i feel and it's put in a non offensive way .
i have his greatest hits cd with this song on it and the original one from the cassette to . classic
i like this song just as i love his break out hit called locked out of heaven that i have too
not an album for the meek . jadakiss pulls no punches , shoots no blanks , and leaves no target standing .
was a very entertaining cd liked mostly all of it , did not like their earlier music , great dance music . was happy with my purchase .
fozzy blows this out of the water ... all that remains reloaded is a similar vibe , but far more original with better hooks .
this song has a memorable melody and lyrics . rack city is a classic example of that bay area hyphy sound .
soothing melody and great song for relaxation yet it is not bland or boring in any way . i enjoy it .
the whining in this song makes me crazy . it sounds like coldplay's chris martin getting raped in a maximum security prison shower . a-awe-awe-all ! terrible !
what a cd . there is alittle something for everyone on this new must have release . she hasn't lost a thing .
a great introduction to frank sinatra . fabulous tunes compiled together sung in only frank sinatra's way .
encore doesnt get get the props it deserves . one of my favorite albums ever . its a deep album and genius .
the first 5 songs are as good as anything they have ever done , but the album drops after that and is only somewhat interesting .
horrible from start till finsihtheir are only 3 songs i likeother than that this album should'vebeen shelved .
this cd arrived flawless if not perfect ! the sound & quality of music is amazing & highly recommendpurchasing this if you are a bobby caldwell fan ! jj
i like this techno beat . the song is good too . i appreciate the strong woman factor . women don't feel like they have any power in a relationship
basically a bunch of classic tupac songs with wack beats ! do not waste your time this cd is horrible ! the originals are way better
boss of al bosses cd ridin every track is def 5 star album for real dont sleep on it ...
perfect music for working out ! all her songs have strong meanings and really pump you up to complete your exercise entirely
for peple tht love the carpenters , this is it good songs that wee hits all of the songs is my favor . go bu it !
just some more white boys who can't rap any plenty of white fansto buy there albums
delivery b + lyrics a + production astyle a + consistensy a + overall a
this song is so beautiful and uplifting ! i highly recommend it to anyone who wants to be at peace and stay calm .
what a great song . i put this on repeat . then i broke down and bought the album . i was not disappointed .
this album is very unique . postal service has a similar sound to modestmouse , airand the shins and that stuff , its very good . a must buy
who can make a cd better than kells ? this is an oldie but as with all of them its a goodie ...
3 1/2 alluring , hushed folk can become muddled in repetitious acoustic phrasings throughout the entire course , but remains strong track-by-track if nothing more than for sincere delivery .
i was looking for a classic sound , not what i was hoping for . but would recommand to a friend or family member
3 1/2 endearing side project debut which benefited from the unique moog / male-female / rock dynamic quickly sputtered out after they initially returned .
i love the song , it is a great song to make you feel beautiful . would recommand to a friend or family member
this song is clean and positive . nice change with a lot of other stuff on the radio that isn't always nice .
this is the it band now getting a lot of radio play . a good breakout cd . i would try more of their cds
1984 it doesn't seem possible that it was that long ago that these songs were recorded . they are true van halen .
great album by a great band ! brings back fond memories of my younger years . not a single bad or mediocre song on it !
this is a fun collection of music . cyndi lauper is a gem and she makes a good addition of my collection of era music .
one of the best cd's this year . he is like a mini new edition getting started , menus the other four guys .
dmx had a cool album with this one . this was a tight album and if you don't got get it.the tightest song it party up .
the music of the eagles takes me back to some of the best times of my youth . nostalgia rules , especially great when driving for some reason !
these guys were like a cigarette after really wild make up sex who can complain about that i wonder , and who would ? not this guy .
i got this song because i liked beyonce . she didn't disappoint me . her song is inspiring and recommend it to everyone .
my favorite tracks are " gotta be a leader " " the future " .
once ranked the greatest album of all time - i think it's a solid 9 and love the beach boys sound - but goat i would disagree .
inspiring rock-funk rarely deteriorates into extended-jamland , instead winding tight layers of gospel-thrust into their own special brand of righteous rock and roll .
never really heard this until i got it of cloud player , but it does have a catchy beat so you may or may not like it ! !
the albun is already jamming . the last song on this album is a x-mas song . sraight up pimpish to the tee ! ! !
don't buy this cd you need to buy that new bone thugs thats cd is of the hook .
it's simon & garfunkel . this isn't my favorite album , but it is close . and anytime i am listening to them is a good time .
i'm never disappointed to hear this song and i don't think i've ever skipped it . reminds me of my mentor , who passed before this song came out .
incredible album . i am completely in love with the crazy lyrics and music . it feels like you're in a sexy circus , but in a good way .
i don't really like when old artists come back out because then can't really deliver but combining brandy with chris brown yessss good job
decent song but it can get old fast . i love the band but my kids played it way too much over a week
wow , fabulous debut album for a young girl ! i really miss her music and i treasure this album . it's my favorite fiona album .
the song desperado is what turned me on to the eagles in the early 70 ' s and just wanted to have the album again
really beautiful singer , i wish she would be more recognised . the production by mtume is funky and beautiful . what a great singer
this is a really good greatest hits compilation . i love it and the cover design is awesome too . eagles rock !
i purchased this cd although i am not a big carly simon fan . but i must admit that this cd contains some good music .
there is nothing by bruno mars that i don't like . he continues to amaze with his voice , his skill , and his ongoing talents .
very good copy . you'll like this song . i'm sure you've heard it a thousand times . this one's a keeper . yay
what more needs to be said about this album ? it's good , enough said .
i love the west side story connection in the lyrics of the songs from school's out . this is classic material from one of the best .
one of the best bands , emcees , producers and albums ever . no one can even compare . get yourself a copy . you'll like it .
why in god's name is plant doing this . this music is terrible . for god's sake call call up jimmy page and leave krauss in a ditch somewhere .
love this track added it to my exercise playlist so i can dance while i get my burn on . sometimes the dance is the exercise . enjoy
classic elton john . probably his best collection of songs along with " yellow brick road " . these songs never get old . a must .
this new ja rule album is awful . he gets progressively worse with each effort-somebody please stop the madness .
this is classic michael - before all the drama and plastic surgery . brings back childhood memories and brings a smile to your face .
bobby caldwell's what you won't do for love is one of the best love songs of the 1970 ' s . this album should have gotten more exposure .
rating because love the song hear it at work almost every event but mostly at weddings great line dancing song like everything about it for people who love the song
another excellent release of the 90 ' s by rush.standout tracks like animate , cut to the chase , speed of love & everyday glory highlight this album .
great cd . any paul simon fan should have this one . creative and well written and consistent . run that body down and papa hobo are my favorites .
i found this song while looking for an other song and played it and loved it now i lissen to it all the time
not a katy perry fan , but i do like this song . some find inspiration in the lyrics . i think it is a good song .
i really like the song ... he has a great voice ... you can't help but , like the music .. now i have the added bonus of cloud .
how many more britney wannabe's can we stand come on now , when will this pop stuff end .
great solid cd but some songs were boring but this cd is crazy and i cant wait till detox .
this group is new to me . i learn of them on american idol last season.this is my favorite song ... also like decode .
from the objective reviewer ... a great overview , but too much missing to be called completely satisfying . he just cannot be reduced to two cds .
great album ! what a great short lived power trio.just the names of west , bruce and laing says it all ! !
there are some catchy tunes on here , but as a whole , i can't listen to the whole album without jumping around tracks .
really good songs i associate with my youth . brings back memories . enjoyed some differences in performing old favorites . these folks are magical together .
rap music may have it's followers , and it may well even have produced somegenuinely decent artists and worthwhile albums.this isn't one of them . pass .
the christmas season invites so much good music , and greensleeves is a classic example . listen to it while you decorate .
jimmy buffett has left by all means left his mark in the music world . his music is obviously known all over the world and just keeps going .
i really like rod stewart's cover of broken arrow but i much prefer robertson's version and it means even more when you know he wrote it .
glad to have neil back , and these are great songs from one of my favorite singers .
absolutely love jb - music , lyrics famastic . jb can park his things undermy bed anytime :) ! wish is to have the complete jb collection !
this is one of steely dan's best efforts in my opinion . a great addition to any fan's collection .
this is another cd i nearly wore out . this is good stuff . henley got the lyrics going . and great music .
i loved a few rlj songs over the years and loved pop pop ... but this anthology reminds me of her artistry in a new way ... poet .
some songs are good , but most of them are not . i just don't like it .
i've enjoyed this song since my teens in the 70 ' s and glad to have it as mp3 . it's still a " happening " tune today !
a very summery record in my opinion . i don't like to play this out of the summer months
i love this song so much . nicki minaj is awesome and her music is always so touching . i recommend this song .
i got this album because i liked marsha . she didn't disappoint me . her album is inspiring and recommend it to everyone .
all of joan baez's early recording are gems and i would like to thank vanguard and company for re-working them .
passenger has a unique sound . the music and vocals are fantastic . they have a very promising career ahead of them . glad i got it for $ 0.69
really love this song a very catchy song to sing to a real must to have on your playlist on your mp3 player
what a gifted tony ! this rendition is one of the besti found ! get one for yourself , you won'tget tired of it.promise !
a whimsical ditty about the jolly old elf who brings gifts to good girls and boys . i enjoyed listening to this .
great album from scc , bring it on is bang'd out { shouts to all the loc sets } . g stories ... the whole album .
i gave this cd four out of five stars because although it has some good songs on it , ultimately it's not my favorite style of music .
here is craig david's second album , nice work for a sophmore album . i wish he got more praise because it is definately deserved .
can't remember what this is or when i bought it lol , but im sure its good because i don't buy crap lol .
debut from these aussies is a very strong album , trojans , symptoms , electric are my favorites good , dancable beats , captures their talent , which is considerable
great song and enjoyable to listen to . i am a big fan of bruno mars and really like his music . great buy .
besides the big hit this album is really fun and amazing . they do a nice job of balancing fun loving and meloncoly
hudson's voice is fabulous . she really gets to sing and show it off on this cd . a big talent .
of course what's not to love . this is mjb ! i love her music .
a must have . the 2 big hits american pie and vincent , but the rest is good too !
this albums continue's a string of incredible albums from one of the decade's best song writersbravo !
jeezy is sick , especially the joint mr . 17.5 and hypnotize are hot . buy the album
sm provide quality-esque , lips-like alterna-pop with plenty of mysti-sheen production smothered on to elevate much of the writing past its derivative nature into something way more background-savvy-sexy .
blips bleeps more bleeps assorted blips yawns double-yawns scratchy samples of crackling record grooves plaintive yelps blips blippingtons tones scattershot ersatz poetry bleeps bleepings blah humbuglove , hamburg
vinny paul , drummer dime bag would be so proud r . i . p . dime great album great musicians loved it buy it
mono adds a eurotrash element to their cliched chick vocaled electronica , there ain't nothing exciting here , go buy another portishead album instead .
a great album for long drives . got this after hearing them on the radio and i don't regret it for a second .
some great guitar work , but its hard to listen to this band a lot . i don't think this is their best album .
this is murderous j back saying that this is the best cd ever . i would give it a 6 but i cant .
i'm not sure how long these guys have been around but being a lover of southern blues , i love it ! !
after the noise filled pscychocandy comes the starkly lovely darklands . the jmc layers acoustic guitars with electric and brings off an album that is haunting and beautiful .
i really like her voice.although the song was over played on the radio as of late , it is still a good song .
this chili peppers best album song-wise and singing-wise . john frusciante hasn't gotten back in guitar-playing shape on this one , but it's still a must-have album .
this band has one of the most original sounds out there , all their albums are incredible . i'm glad they're finally being recognized for all their hard work .
i love this song she way cool it a very cool video too inspirational very cool . reminds me of the aliens .
for the price i paid , this was a steal ... great raps awsome beats , perfect for the car ... just don't get pulled over
i enjoyed her 80 ' s 90 ' s and now music . this one is a good one to get if you like her music .
it is a much , much shorter version than i expected . would have liked it better if it was like the radio edit .
have yourself a merry little christmas sister hazellove this song . made christmas a wonderful time for all of us .
need i say more they were the perfect match for the movie , i wish more would match up the way these guys did ...
pitbull and ke $ ha could this song get more of a beat to it . i doubt it . love it to death .
love the music inspirational , had great enthusiasm . i love the harmony and melodies . unique christian singers , keeps me focused on what really matters
i think this is so pretty and it makes me feel so good that i just have to dance around the room and bask in the joy !
i own this album and i like all the songs.buy it ! if you're a jay-z fan you won't be dissapointedits tha roc !
excellent cds in my opinion . i like the feeling of all types of music in these albums .
great catchy song has a good beat to it and the singing is phenomenal.all n all a great song
ornette coleman is a genius.this album is fantastic from start to finish.ornette & group sound incredible here.the music here has alot of color & texture .
measure of a man is very good ! my particular favorites are invisible , and solitaire . comes with a great color fold out poster of clay !
tihs compaltaion got my into prince and is a strong greatest hits displaying prince's artitist genuis . great collection but old prince is always good
i like the music to this song ; it's very upbeat and great to work out to also . ellie goulding has a great voice .
great ... very great ... nicely great ... quite great ... great recording ... music is great ... cover is great .
youngbloodz has produced another tight album . you can listen to this cd from top to bottom without skipping any tracks
this is an okay album by elton john , not great , but some nice music on it . does not challenge honky chateau or goodbye ybr .
" stand and deliver " and " antmusic " are surrounded by absolute dreck . beyond that , there are some good songs , but nothing on that level .
elvis costello had gotten us used to better than this . this is around the era when i started to lose interest in him completely .
