great little item to organize your cd's in a binder for a presentation orsimply to secure them for storage .
these labels are excellent to use for shipping . print the address using your printer and they are ready to go . no hassle and easy to use .
writes smoothly on a whiteboard , and even more impressive erases well . the cleaning solution doesn't smudge the ink too much .
i sell and mail a lot of things . these are the perfect size . really good envelopes . also , i trust the scotch brand .
item arrived as described . i love the bold neon colors ! being that they are sharpie and permanent markers makes them even better .
i purchased this box of prismacolor premier ebony graphite sketching pencil , jet black for everyday drawing , and drawing class with quick-sketch . good product .
this is pretty good ink . in a proper printer ( not canon ) this ink is actually good . it comes out vivid and clear .
they are dividers , so you can only say so much about them but they worked well for my purposes and i liked the colors .
came fast love this prints great this was well packed . i had no problems installing this was easy . a must for the holidays
this is what you need for printing . they are so small . there just is not much ink . they work well but they don't last long .
the reinforced tabs on these folders make them extra strong . these are highly recommended if you file documents regularly ( over the standard type ) .
great for hiding keys . this provides box makes it easy to store a key in or under anything metal .
i was very pleased with this product and the price . i received it promptly . i usually buy paper from walmart but glad i bought this one .
love having tape that adheres so well and looks almost invisible when applied . i use this product very often and very pleased with it .
i had no problems at all with this gadget . theres a good selection of phrases and languages and i could see it coming in handy on vacations .
these tabs are great . not cheap quality . goes great in binders to keep papers organized . very good for office use .
great quality paper . works fine with both our hp and canon printers . i am very pleased . you can't go wrong with this paper .
it's not a nsa approved crosscut shredder , but it shreds up my bills and scrap paper to add to my worm bin quite well .
okay this is the one i should have gotten before ! xlnt and fast service , sure beats driving 40 miles to town and back .
this tape is invisible on gift wrap paper . exactly what i was looking for and glad that scotch developed this product .
what can you really say . it's exactly what you expect with a little bell like this . if you need one , this will work just fine .
though a bit pricy these are good ink cartridges , store well , install easily . wish they were a few bucks cheaper .
good deal on this binder it is plain but you do not get the devider just the binder .
this is a nice little scale . very handy . well made and seems very high quality . the price is good too .
it is the replacement i needed for one of the handsets . it is easy to program and works perfectly . it was also received quickly .
works very well . much less cost than the brother ones . i have used 4 of these with no problems at all . recommend if you need one .
soft grip , thick graphite , love the 12 pack . no comparison for the price . put several everywhere and you will always have one in your hand :)
this works on my old shredder and makes it run much more efficient.bottle will last beyond my life line .
nice size and colors , but the whole note is sticky on one side unlike other post it pads , and it is too sticky .
these are too small to even bee noticed . they might be nice for kids to play with but not for important messages you want your family to see .
this is a great product , but i will continue my practice of giving 3 star reviews to products that are blatant price gouges .
i will order this product again . it lasts a long time and the quality is good . i recommend this product .
what more can you say ? they work fine in my new bic pencil and come in easy to access packaging .
excellent price . will buy again when needed . always get my pens this way . buying them one at a time is a waste of money .
i love these ! i use purple a lot at the office and this just falls right in to the rest of my supplies ! perfect !
their plastic dividers , they can tear and arent super durable but they hold a good number of pages and work , completely viable
purchase this & you won't use all your money purchasing batteries . save your money that you would use buying batteries on something you want .
what can i say ? it is nice weekly calendar just as described . it seems durable and is what i expected it to be .
work fine , last a reasonable period of time , printer recognizes them , cheap . what else can i say ? la , la , la .
sticky and it holds pages or photos down well . arrived on time and in good condition . not good for wrapping presents because thick .
this ink is excellent in quality , and the price is only a few percent above re-manufactured cartridge prices when you consider amount of ink actually available for use .
this was as always with 3m products - very durable and very easy to use . it saved me a trip to the store to buy it via amazon .
whats there to say . these things last forever . ive been using mine for 4 years without a single issue ever !
very happy with this purchase .. there are enough card spaces and overall its compact and stylish ! i would recommend this to others
this is good paper if you have a canon printer and the price is certainly better than you can buy it locally .
i have tried other brands and always come back to at . easy setup always connects . battery has a long shelf life . answer machine easy to use .
these are sturdy , have the hanger built in , have the plastic tab that you can replace the file name in without mess , etc .
nothing really to say except it works , works pretty well , and its what you expect it to be.definitely recommend for those who use post-its all the time !
this is a great product for my canon laser copier / printer / fax .
my pictures come out drugstore quality with no hassle . having pre-cut 4x6 paper is fantastic for those rare occasions when we want to share prints .
so far it seems great . it is a nice size and the zipper seems to be made very well .
they're good erasers . the reason i only gave three stars , is because it costs more to ship them , than it did to buy them !
i used many of these retractable badge reels . except for the lack of label sticker , these are on par in terms of construction and durability .
this cardstock is nice quality , strong and thick , perfect for printing kids stuff to laminate . great price , nowhere else could beat it .
simple no frills compact desk ( or wall mount ) phone . glossy black version looks good . works well . excellent audio . excellent value . highly recommend .
nothing spectacular but served the purpose . it was as described . i put them in a drawer to keep tall things organized .
at first you think you are just getting a box of world-class staples . then you realize they are stored in a handy plastic container ! ! wonderful
excellent price over box office stores . easy to rip and wrap your items . some required 2 layers , but for the price i bought 2 rolls for moving
i have a cheap cannon printer and with this paper i get very high quality pictures for an awesome price . thank you
this tool is so safe that you can hardly find the blade on it . therefore , it's difficult to cut thicker tape or plastic packaging .
i love the g2 pens . they are the best for writing . add a pink barrel and pink ink , and what more could you want .
i bought this product because it was a good price and epson makes a good product . i couldn't be happier with my purchase
while these pens would do in a pinch , i would rate them higher if the ink was better . it took longer to dry and smeared a lot .
needed pens since my daughter steals them all for school so now i have plenty ... glad they were available in bulk at a reasonable price .
this product is the best and has high quality . this has helped me a lot when i print pictures . therefore , i love this product very much .
good product , it was cheap but at the same time it did pretty well its job . recommend for your mouse .
this new improved dispenser is wonderful , easy on the hands , even small hands when i have little helpers.am improvement done right .
this is a good pen . it writes well and fits comfortably in my hand . it is an attractive pen also .
my son used these to help him with school organization and apparently , they helped ( which is always a plus ! ) . can't complain about that !
good quality no smudge paper , erasures do not thin the pages . this is good quality and this was a great price .
these work great and are very good with large areas . the colors are exactly what is represented on the cap
this is a nice folder.and expands easily , of the ones i bought , this is my favorite . it is sturdy and i like the color
i am very satisfied with this product and will definitely order them again ! thank you . i use them a lot and these worked perfect !
this was a donation to a new brand new teacher just starting off . great item . great prices ... and able to use prime too !
these smaller cartridges don't last as long as my big printer cartridges did , but that's the price you pay for an economical , small laser printer .
great product.good way to keep track of your calories.it has a dry erase board with a dry erase pen .
it is a good think for it all ways the black ink some run out first so good think can get it
box was damaged upon arrival , but luckily it didn't damage the product . will order again just hope the box is in better condition next time .
this desk is very nice for the price . i can work anywhere in my house sitting or standing . the storage at the bottom is a nice extra .
not a lot to say about tabbed folders . these will last forever , and i like the bigger tabs for easy reference .
i haven't had any problems with these . i have used about 5 cartridges already . maybe i should be a better writer .
purchasing the ink in this set saves money and gets a pack of photo paper too . i always purchase my ink in the package .
these highlighters are very high quality . they last a very long time and are very sharp looking on your work . highly recommend this product !
this ink lasts & lasts for days compared to the original 240 black inkgreat buy & a must for lasting ink :)
this product does its job . can staple 15-20 pages with ease . it's is a little bit lightweight but seems like a decent quality stapler .
these envolopes provide see-through protection as well as a tamper resistant closure . no need to leave your dna on the envelope . highly recommend .
one of my colleagues shared the items she had laminated using this product , nice finished look and i could do it at home .
it took me all of 2 minutes to set this plastic display up on my wall . ridiculously easy and looks great . can't imagine an easier display .
they are great for doing the job of printing out the big ups shipping labels needed for the boxes for fba . this shipper shipped fast .
this pen writes well , changes to different colors well . has a good grip to it . very smooth writing . highly recommend .
i found this item to be well made and offers a good value , it looks kind of professional on top of that .
i am pleased with the print quality and speed ... but i hate that hp outsources to morons in the philippines ...
these are great cartridges with a great price . they work perfect in my printer and come quick once they are ordered .
this is a very good monochrome printer . it's black / white / grey capabilities are top-notch and it has high-level wifi abilities.overall very good printer !
you get one . says so in the title . the razor is sharp and slices open envelopes easily . plus , you can't beat the price .
ink works as good as original , colors seem just as brite . saves a lot of money over factory ink .. need more deals like this
used in a black and white laser printer . no curling of the paper , no problems with the paper feed , no static in the paper.will buy again .
this feels well made , and should last for a long time . staples well and easy to load . i recommend especially at this price .
canon makes a really nice scanner and i use it quite a bit for documents and photos in my genealogical work .
none of the stores had this folder . well , exactly what i was looking for . it also has a double sided pocket inside . useful and flexible .
this is just an all around great marker . great for darkening lines in drawings as well . i am completely satisfied .
it holds pop up notes and i use this every day . i'd say it was definitely worth it for the convenience .
this is just what i expected - hanging file folders . no surprises here . they seem very sturdy , which is good .
i've had one of these staplers for nearly a decade and it's a well-priced , strong , steady workhorse . a very good office product to own .
so now they have their own pens . next thing , they will be owning property , voting , and talking back . where will it end ?
always the best ink for my canon printers is the real thing . nice to get them all in a pack together .
great old product that still works as expected . my favorite tape for many years . it's nice to know that at least one old standby hasn't sacrificed quality .
my husband snores and i cannot sleep without them . i take them when i travel . motels are sooo noisy . love them .
thanks for the quick response for the hewlett packard ink carti was short on ink and you came through quickly
item came damaged because it wasn't in a properly sized package . it was crammed into a box that was too small to hold it and thus was bent .
because of its size , it is easily placed in a house or office and it does a good job .
making photo prints uses a lot of ink . this helps address that problem . same quality prints as standard capacity cartridge .
one of the better highlighters i have used . i like the transparent view to see how much of that yellow liquid is left . not disappointed at all .
this package is a good value as it includes 4x6 photo paper . but , as usual , ink is too expensive overall .
these cover the text well , and work as well as the more expensive ones you get at the stores . i recommend them .
wish i could return these-they run just like the others into surrounding colors . used on muslin fabric project , will try on a firmer type of fabric
this works great . we use the 99019 labels for our tyvek mailers.this shoots out a bar-coded address label in about three seconds .
they are thick enough , and hold files . not a lot to say about file folders . these are high quality as far as file folders go .
this is a great tape dispenser that works very well and is the perfect addition to any desk that needs it .
i like mine . it works really good . i am very pleased with it and i highly recommend it to others .
they're labels . no moving parts . no electronics . they stick to the packages which is their function . hey , i'm satisfied with the product .
what can anyone say about swingline staples ? imho the best and most reliable on the market and very reasonably priced .
this is the 3 phone we have together on here one there and the other side there for no running around to find one
i had to buy it in stores and paid more than i was able to get these from here . thanks for providing the same items for less
get the generic ink unless you want really good quality for photos . just too expensive for my blood . good ink though .
this came in handy for my college classes . this would be great for english classes too . i would recommend this product for others to use .
see my review on the same item ( for black ink ) . had problems with the ink drying up inside the cartridge .
always prints without a hiccup . recognizes chip every time ! i , ll buy these again . price is awesome compared to the canon oem cartridges .
the papers aren't individually rapped in packages , they are just loosely in the box , but didn't have a problem . they didn't come damaged as some people mentioned
electric staplers do not work as well and are not as reliable as manuals . they require electricity to work and fail after a year's usage .
have bought from these people many times . ink is fine rarely had a problem . certainly cheaper than epson could ever be .
colorful prints but not adequate for placing on my laptop as it constantly slides off . i wouldn't recommend purchasing this item . save your money .
surprisingly , it sticks , and stays at the same place for months , and with light / moderate use , i have juice in all of them still .
i'm going to use these markers to do zentangle art on fabric , so when the fabric is washed , it doesn't erase the artwork . should work fine .
these labels are really useful and work with just about any software . they're clean and bright and well worth the money . i highly recommend them .
good quality envelopes and there is nothing wrong with them at all . if you need envelopes they will work just fine .
i had to buy these to go with the great deal i got on the laminator they go with . my friend is happy with them .
this is a fun product for kids or adults . these markers are longer lasting and they come in a big variety of colors . highly recommended .
i love the size and color of these stickies . they are perfect for quick little notes . the colors are easy to see and fun to write on .
this shredder is great . it has not jam at all . this is a wonderful shredder . others i have purchased did not work as well .
paper is perfect , works good seems to be of a heavier quality , can't beat the price , need to find more deals like this
this is a good cordless phone and has a great price to go along with it . communication is good and i'd recommend this item .
it's tape . has a tendency to break if you don't exercise a little caution . good price though if you need something for small jobs .
there isn't too much to say about this other than these are pencils of good quality for a good price .
these are ink pens but write like gel pens . they write smooth without skipping . they've been working out well for me and don't regret having purchased them .
the real deal . this is the actual scotch brand double stick tape . the vendor sent it out quick . very pleased .
these are nice and efficient moving boxes . typical quality . i'm moving cross-country and the pricing on these is much better than what my movers would have charged .
need a lot of envelopes to put all the paper work in to keep 4 accounts seperated and on file
this is a thin mouse pad , but does the job well . optical mouse rolls across smoothly without jiggling the cursor . colors are vibrant , as pictured .
the only issue i have with these is that they were not the best quality so they probably won't hold up long .
the expiration date was 2 years out , plenty of time to be use , especially if u use ur printer a lot like we do .
these stools are great ! we have them at our bar that is at a kitchen counter height . they are very comfortable and durable .
i needed just black ink and works on my canon printer . what else more can i say its just an ink cartridge .
this is thin and sticks well , which is to be expected from a scotch product . the sealing notice is great .
these are your basic binders , and work well for my needs . my kids love the pocket in the front - they decorate paper and label everything !
can not complain for the price i paid its pretty durable and i have yet to have a problem with this product
great quality for the low price . very sturdy and it doesn't hide in the binder it serves the purpose very well .
great item . works very well , i use it a lot , probably need buy some more , it works great , very very good item ...
balance and materials for higher quality prints and gallery showings . for me it rivals ilford and about half the cost .
this is a fun notepad for my fridge . it stays on perfectly the pages are easy to remove and it looks really nice too .
i love not having to have someone take me to the store to purchase my inc so this is a great way for me to keep stock .
bought extra color ink cartridge for new epson printer . love the way it looks on paper
this cannon ink goes along way . what i do to save purchasing more is to use grayscale whenever possible . that will save you a lot of money .
the box is very very easy to put together and seems to be able to hold a good amount of weight .
what can you say about plastic letter openers ? well , they appear well-made and work as expected . also , the price was excellent .
the range is good and the clarity can not be beat in my opinion . the options are just what i needed for my purposes .
it feels a bit watery and i wish the blue color was richer and darker . i like the shape of the bottle .
it is just simple mouse pad can use with all type of mouse . i am ok with it no problem at all
buy hp ink and never get screwed , they just work as promised , the same goes for their printers too best in the business .
this paper works well with the epson printer but i would not expect any less from epson . i would like to see more than 20 sheets
hp always meets the mark . prefer getting original product still in original packaging . then i know i have a quality product .
we bought roll because we were moving to a new house . it's good quality bubble wrap and the price here was the cheapest we could find .
these pouches work great for 8 1/2 x 14 paper . they laminate through our scotch heated laminator with perfect ease .
i use it to print & label all the boxes stacked up in my garage , the label is about the right size for the purpose , love it !
nothing like an original brother although you can't tell the difference as much with a drum as you can with a toner .
very very strong and thick tape , more than enough to seal any package . you can't go wrong with scotch tape and this product is no different .
everyone in the office likes these . they like that the labels can be easily placed on the units . no complaints so far .
i get many , many , many , sheets of paper out of these ink cartridges . i have only replaced once since i purchased the computer .
love this tape . it definitely disappears when wrapping two sheets of paper which makes it great for professional looking wrapped packages ! i would call this a re-purchase !
these envelopes are top of the line quality and secure , with a great self seal adhesive solution.these spank other brands we've used .
i like the way they write and the colors are bright and consistent when writing . i would buy them again .
i am absolutely pleased with this five star 3 - pack . there is no other notebook brand that can compete with five-star quality .
with a product like this , it either works or doesn't work . this works ! don't hesitate to buy . great for filing .
nice price , fast & free delivery if you have prime . original jiffy brand product , not a cheap knockoff .
very easy to use these labels with microsoft word . i had no problem and they printed out great the very first try .
it made it to the house on time and i will have to purchase more in the future as it does last very long
these are the best refill in the market . they are robust and write smoothly too . they also write dark enough . 5/5
the labels are easy to create using an ink-jet printer and easy to apply . highly recommended .
i scan a ton of stuff and this thing is fast ! the nice part is that it works with my mac without any problems .
very sticky but easibly remove or moveable if needed.they work excellent for 6 year olds ( name tags ) and don't leave a residue either .
very good product to use for times when you need temporary tabbing for a project . when done , remove and reuse . fast and easy to notice .
great post-it flags - have used it to flag books and works papers . i love how easy they are to use .
there's enough separation between labels to avoid printer run over . you won't go wrong with this high quality avery product .
real cedar and good value . write characteristics very good . very happy , even if it is just a pencil . i did not like the staples pencils .
cartridges for canon mx892 work perfectly and saves a bundle . very fast shipment . this will be my printer ink source , highly recommend .
i use these to stick pictures on my fridge . they are cute and enhance the mood of my picture display and do a great job . highly recommended
this is a basic no frills document organizer file . good quality material and comes with labels.looks a little pricey to me .
using this one on my canon printer , it's works very well and give you free photo paper , wonderful things .
standard hp cartridge - worked fine . but if you opt for free delivery ( nice ) allow for pretty slow arrival of the product .
scotch magic tape is excellent for all sorts of uses . i work in a school and the uses of this tape are limitless ! !
best bang for the buck for a 0.5 mm green gel pen . my students much prefer green to red when i'm correcting their work .
not sure what i could say other than this is a good basic glue if you need rubber cement you cannot go wrong .
works great for sticking pictures , maps , etc . to walls with no residue when removed .
i have used this product for years . scotch is a brand that is reliable as fr as quality is concerned .
make it easier to dispenc using your other hand to hold down the item being taped . easy to load and unload . thanks
this unit gave a lot better quality than some others , the paper seemed to not have toner where it should not have been
yes i am a brit . worked first time no hang ups at all . beat epson price by miles . will buy again .
it is the ink cartridge that goes in the printer i have , i have no other choice , therefore it's gotta be great
i got these to mark up wall calendars in the office for various events . the colors are visible from across the room .
does not flow well at all in my pilot pen . an ugly color that constantly jams . stick with noodler ink it is much better
fits the bill , well made for everyday use and keeps me from loosing my papers . great price , what else can i say .
i use these in my dymo labelwriter 400 turbo and they do the trick nicely . easy to load and they print out crisp and clear text .
i used this to print guides for my students on colorful paper . they loved the smoothness of the paper while i loved the color .
i order and re-order this ink quite often . it is my favorite , the one made for my epson xp - 400 and it works like a charm
good quality phones , but the only drawback is that you can't use a headset . i should have done better research .
to be able to hang much on this board . it's very small . i guess i should have known it would be at 11x17 .
these are great little labels . i've had no issues with peeling or smudging , and the templates were super-easy to use withmicrosoft word .
i needed a small binder for some workbooks . this solved the problem . very durable and good quality . just what i needed .
good basic tape for sealing boxes . sticks and holds good.does the job . what more is there to say .
this board is very good quality and the size is generous . easily hangs on a wall . the cork works really well and has good thickness .
bought a new hp printer and it came with a sample of this photo paper . i really liked it so i ordered more .
i have ordered these babies 2 times and i love how easy it is to just load them into your printer and you get 30 instant labels ...
these are of high quality . they are wonderful blenders . these will work well for an artist of any experience level .
always need a receipt book so get this one . speedy delivery plus it goes in the big safe i bought and i always have a receipt when needed .
i gave these to my sons teacher for their class . i haven't heard any complaints so seems all is well .
these replacement cartridges were not as good as sophia , but they do work and the cost is way cheap , i'd buy them again for my canon printers .
couldn't get out to buy ... happy with this purchase i would buy this again . i shop on amazon for everything and think they are great !
these are the gold standard for sticky's - i get to use the basic colors and the kids get the ones i would never put on anything business related !
this stapler feels great in my hand and staples paper so easily , it almost is effortless . well made , but light weight . definitely worth buying .
everyone who comes to my office loves this dispenser . as an engineer it is great to have some " girlie " things in my office ..
these markers do a great job . they write on everything as long as it's dry and free of oil . great .
i have used these to protect an preserve such sensitive items as original civil war letters ( well over 100 years old ) .
i really like this but tough on paper so take care when using it , but invaluable for erasing very small areas .
i've been using it almost daily since nov . 2011 and its still works great ! i am happy with it for the price i paid .
this is a favorite in my home office . it works great with the swing line staples i purchased and this is my favorite stapler .
if your looking for paper to place in an hp printer for a cheap price this is a good buy .
i've been using this type of calendar for years and it continues to fulfill my needs . in addition , m its sturdy and handy .
so far so good.printed well , as good as the brand name . not sure how good it will hold the test of time .
this bubble wrap is great . we use it for mailing lps and all sorts of other stuff . it's cheap for a little extra mailing security .
i have been using this packing tape for years as the quality is excellent and the " applicator " makes it easy to use .
i have used these before ( in other colors , though the color isnt important ) , and will likely buy them again . 4.5 stars .
easy to use , inexpensive , and quickly received . as an artist , this comes in handy for more solid pencils that aren't hand chiseled with an exacto-knife .
these are exactly what i was looking for - greeting cards that were blank so that my daughter could decorate them and personalize them .
this item is perfect for mailing my crocheted hats and scarves in . they are a great size and hold up really well .
clear , wrinkle free protectors . three hole punched for storing in three ring binders . a little challenging getting your paper inside the sheets but worth it .
teachers are always running out of markers in their classrooms and they are constantly asking parents for donations . these are a perfect and practical gift .
there are plenty of cheaper tape out there but as usual you get what you pay for . i love the bonus dispenser !
i find the printer ink to be expensive ... so i try to find a much cheaper generic ( which i have done ) to work just as well .
it's a good price with a good supply of ink ! i'm happy and so is my printer . super awesome and helpful ! :)
these folders are really well made . very heavy stock . love the larger tabs at the top . vibrant colors for color coding systems .
the avery clear labels are very helpful for many projects . great support and the quantity and quality are excellent . the price is great too .
every shipping clerk's dream an easy to manage marker . it write on most surfaces and it is manageable as a pen .
convenient size , good quality paper , clear legible lines , color is good for fatigue-free reading , binding is well-constructed . perfect for quick notes on the fly .
works great for what i need it for . good price . just sucks i only need it for one class . thanks
i much prefer the boxes with fitted lids or the boxes with built in ties . these do not stay closed when full during movement .
these laminating pouches are fantabulous . i really like how easy they are to use . if you do any laminating , these are the pouches for you .
right size , too flimsy - they are very light weight stock and i can't say i like them as much as the ones i usually get in stores .
i stapled 3 index cards & 3 pieces of paper together ... no problem ! the staple popped through the pieces . smooth . easy . great product .
its a good mouse pad . decent quality . excellent if your on a budget .
this is an excellent product ! no issues with this and is consistent with the described purpose . fills the needs for the intended purpose .
my daughter loves to do art and bought these with her own money . she really enjoys using them for projects etc .
this is the best dry " white out " type product available . i have used many different kinds , but this one beats them all by a mile .
works great as does all 3m products . protects just about any kind of paper document or card or picture you want . works on both thin and thick papers
these pouches are just what i need for my laminating project . they hold the pages relatively still as the pouch goes through the laminator .
without question , the best gel pen on the market . dries fast , writes smooth , is super comfy in your hands . get some !
bought 2 of these to replace one that i beat up a lot . for the price these pads are soft , large and really good .
this paper shredder works great . i have used others shredders before and so far this is the best one i've tried so far .
i needed this and like the original packing for my printer . nice to be able to get online and have it arrive quickly .
looks very nice in my desk drawer and , it pulls staples out reasonably well . what more can be said about a staple puller ! ?
these envelopes were exactly what i was looking for and have secure fastening tape . not much else to say--they work well .
this pen writes well and is easy on my arthitic wrist . i have always been a fan of paper mate .
straightforward product . versatile . sturdy . attractive designs.the cost could be a little less in my opinion . but overall they are as expected and a nice product .
my printer recognizes these as genuine hp . they cost a fraction of the real hp product and work just fine .
these are great for the price . none have given me a problem yet . i recommend them over the more expensive ones .
good enough , to hold and seal some documents / papers . could be a little better but does the job . keeps everything in order . 3 stars .
fairly basic item not much to describe but these are nice stickers perfect for garage sales , calendaring , leaves no residue after you remove it .
high quality , sturdy folders that are great for keeping your papers organized . they definitely aren't cheaply made and look like they will last for a long time .
no one has created a pencil sharpner that can last a year in a classroom . this one is nice and has lasted so far .
great group of colors and all were new as described . they all worked well and would order more again if i needed .
even my hubby can see " honey do " list with these . quality paper as expected from post-it and adhesive . would buy these .
i am using these at work for a fun diversion . the quality is good and decorating them is a fun diversion . use sharpies !
these are a necessity for filling in big areas when drawing . without these i dry out my fine point markers .
great ink ... it seemed to last a reasonable length of time and have always been happy with it being from the original manufacturer .
we use this tape to mount kids ' art work to the refrigerator . it works well and stays on far better than magnets .
great labels , work well in printers or for handwritten labeling . quality paper that sticks and lasts .
its ok , it is compact and tall , i haven't sued it as much as i thought i would but it is sturdy enough
they are good and stick to pretty much whatever you put them on . i like to use them as a book mark .
it feels good and soft , pretty sturdy . i think it's a good product , especially if your office needs ergonomic supplies .
the self-adhesive lip sticks well . i do add a little tape on it just to make sure , but i think it would hold without it .
i'm a sucker for sticky notes . this 3x3 size is interesting and avery stik'um is every bit the stuff of post-its .
this seems to work pretty well . it does not shread as finely as i would like and is extremely loud .
these labels are made from quality paper and really adhere to many surfaces . my printer and these labels resulted in a professional job .
this item works perfect . my office uses it all the time . good price . i have used other brands , but this one work's best .
whats there to say ! its a 3m product , top of the line and works great !
i bought this item because it is the cartridge needed for my printer . it came quickly and works as it should .
i love these pens ! i just wish i wasn't left handed so i didn't drag my hand through the ink . but at least the ink looks pretty !
i love making my own personalized greeting cards . people i send them to feel like the card was made just for them , as it was .
well , it's ink . it works well in the printer that it's supposed to work in . i suppose that is all .
brother is a good company for toner , i never had an issue with any toner made by brother . i have been purchasing for past 4 years .
what can i say , it's four more than i usually purchase . now i can spam sharpie spam everwhere lol
new printer requires different ink , they seem to go farther , then the other # cartridge . nice color , more true to color .
i really like these . they are very sturdy and attractive . the colors are nice too.they are just the right size . and i really like them .
i guess this pens would do for a while . they are normal . nothing amazing about them . they are just good .
i had to send it back . one of the articulating arms wasn't working properly so i could not adjust the height of the monitor .
these are a good value and handy for organizing our file folders . they are sturdy , with a large area to write on . no complaints .
these work great . and for this price , i expected a lot less . but they work sweet as any other inks i've bought .
this is a great stapler that is built well and will probably be on my desk for the next 30 years until i retire !
i used these for my coupon binder and they worked out perfectly . they kept everything organized and were very sturdy . thanks !
sticks very well to packages . works well in my hp laserjet . highly recommend this product . economical price and a good buy .
love this phone could be louder on speaker phone , but has all the buttons and wistles and will dial off hook . uniden makes good phones
easy to put together . very sturdy for what i needed it for . would recommend to anyone who needed a little extra storage area ,
this paper is easy to write on and silky . made in the usa , surprisingly . it has the certified sourcing seal .
love it , i use this fax everyday , it takes a terrific beating and never fails amazing technology and great gift idea !
great paper for resumes , notes , and other stationary needs . i would have no problems ordering this product again in the future .
in my 37.5 years as a teacher , this was my favorite stapler . it was durable and worked without fail . jamming was minimal .
always buy the real thing don't substitute , not worth the price difference . it turns out to be a better investment .
i send homemade cards for everyone's milestone , so i go through them quickly . these cards are perfect for the quarter fold sized card .
what can i say ? it's scotch tape ... and just what you expect from scotch tape . good quality , good price , glad i bought it !
i purchased these to have for some colored pencils . they work well and rarely trap broken leads . they sharpen to a nice , clean point .
these pens were cheap and appropriately priced . they collect ink on the tip , and deposit it randomly as you write . any cheap bic is better .
works just fine in my canon mx882 . the ink color seems to be a good match also . i haven't noticed any problems with it .
holds things very well just as you would expect from 3m . i used indoor so can not say much about it working outside .
oak framed cork board is great for notes , or kids bedroom friend photos . looks nice , and completes your wall . easy to install .
what more can i say . it's made out of cheap plastic , but it does what it's supposed to do , and it does it well .
would recommend to anyone wanting sharp , clean , brilliant color photos.after trying all manufactures paper , i have decided i liked canon besti
i ruined a printer by using generic ink . although this costs more it's not as much as a new printer .
i have no problems with my canon ink and i am happy that i can count on it being brand new and long-lasting .
these pens are consistently good , with no leaking or skipping . i don't use any other brand of gel pen in my day to day work now .
these are perfect for marking a fine line on physical objects , such as metals you are using for fabrication . also good for writing on " tags " .
don't get me wrong , its a nice pen . but the refills cost more than the disposable pen with the same refill . so much for reducing waste .
i have used this ink to print about a dozen copies of my autobiography of 300 pages and it appears to work quite well .
strong , sturdy bags , good price . sticks great to seal . will not come loose if you need to reopen the bags .
these very fine-tip sharpie pens are terrific in the office , for labeling folders and the like . another terrific sharpie produce i've used with great satisfaction .
the paper was just the right weight for my printer and worked great . and the price is excellent ! i was a satisfied customer .
relatively inexpensive , and very good quality step stool , that is of nice white color . i use it in my kitchen , because i am vertically challenged .
great hardware with just enough good software as needed . tech manual / instructions are a bit confusing and awkward . it does do the 25 ppm as claimed ...
a little difficulty in assembling , but once together proved to be quite study and comfortably for the price . i am fairly happy with this item .
paper works ok im my printer .. it curls the paper when a lot of ink is on it . otherwise , it's fine .
this is the perfect item to line my fellows shredder with . it is light weight and seems quite durable . highly recommend .
cant say to much most all of us know it's glue it works and elmer is best brand in my opinion
all guarantees on printer are void if you use generic ink . i learned this the hard way and now only use this kind .
the carthridge kodak is the best for my printer ; also last longer than other brands not genuine marks i recommend kodak
this is the real deal , and works as advertised . arrived on time . wht more can i say ; these reviews require a certain amount of words .
the adhesive on these labels is very high quality and this product worked perfectly with our computer printer .
i was able to hang a medium-heavy mirror with this and it has stayed on the wall easily . it's been two weeks - so far so good !
these are terrific markers ! work very well , and you can tell how much ink is left , which is a very nice feature . i'm very pleased !
this is quality , original hp ink at its best . you must have hp ink if your want the better photo finish .
have been using these cards for years , my kids use them as well , no complaints .. bought this amount so my daughter can have enough when in college
the only thing that could be done better is if these pens were available with a bold point .
i had no problems printing these labels , affixing them to parcels , nor having them stay where i put them . good , solid product---just as you'd expect .
these are great . they are the standard wide rule notebook . nice that they come in a multipack . watch for the prices to drop around school time .
these cartridges work great in my printer . i would highly recommend them to any one . great price also . thank you .
i purchased these to add to my storage for my collection of recipes.my other storage boxes are metal and are too expensive to purchase .
needless to say this toner works perfectly . i've had bad experience with refills and will pay extra to assure consistent quality
i bought these erasers for my 7 year old daugher for school . she loves them very much and it erased off her mistakes on her homework very well .
i used these paper in my house and they serve the purpose alright , i would buy them again for sure .
never have had a problem with hp cartridges and are well worth the money .
these are ok but i don't think they adhere as well as some other products . also , tear off can be difficult .
great pricing . 1000 clips at my disposal . i won't run out for a longgg time . nothing more needs to be said .
this inkjet cartridge is great . i love this brand because it is always consistantly good . i would highly recommend it .
nice and big and great for making lists or taking down messages . these stickys have great quality . i highly recommend .
shipping labels pretty much sell themselves . i think it would be hard to screw them up , so suffice to say that i am pleased with these .
i wish they weren't made in china , but they are still head and shoulders above your basic pencils . buy with confidence , friends !
good price for these , though i could have used a little larger ring size
i love post-it brand sticky notes and was glad to received these . the colors were bright and fun and they worked great . great purchase !
got tired of these little rolls of tape that don't stick and don't have much tape on them and you run out in the middle of a project
i owned a few of these and they all have been working for years without any problems . good quality and i like the adjustability feature .
just what i wanted and easy to order online . have not tried less well-known brands to compare it with , just went with what i know is good .
i purchased this printer because of this ink . the price is great . the product is great . what else could you ask for .
it arrived very quickly and it is exactly as advertised . i've only used one cartridge so far and it works perfectly .
what can i really say ? these are labels and they work well . i haven't had any problems with them . would purchase again .
these are great expanding wallets - durable , easy to use , and very secure . highly recommended ! the price is reasonable as well .
this binder is extremely durable while stile being quite lightweight . quite resistant to wear / tear and smudging.no complaints here !
i bought these because one of my grand children kept tearing theirs to pieces . great price as well . thank you
the black color was just right and did not smudge on paper . it is a good product to keep your canon printer running smoothly .
perfect phones to replace 2 phones i was using .. lot's of nice features and sound good on speaker setting when used ..
plenty of ink , these new printers sip ink . i bought this for my 6500a wi-fi hp all in one . love the printer .
i have had no issues with this so far . its done exactly what it was intended for . its a nice product !
nice white envelopes that are strong and thick enough for mailing . the redi-strip makes it easy to seal the envelope .
nice mouse pad in fire engine red . since i'm an ex-field artillery officer , i love it too much gi.gunner april , 2014
beautiful colors , better price than walmart , and great for writing on cds and such ! i lovelovelove these markers !
this works well with my printer , because there are no paper jams that i run into when using a cheaper .
these do just what they say they will . it is compact and handy . if you use post-it notes , you'll like these .
been using these many years , since i first found them , they write smooth and they very comfortable in the hand , great product .
i love that these post-it notes coordinate with my online evernote notebook . helps keep all of my physical and virtual files neatly organized and coordinates the project .
i buy a lot of these . they are great quality and great price and love that they have the sticky closure .
its a printer cartridge and it works well for the intended purpose . don't buy aftermarket cartridges or or refillable powders .
i use these to print my logo on . they are smooth and a nice size so these work for what i need . no issues with printing .
this wite out does what it says and i love the foam tip . i bought the pen too and love the both of them .
these hanging folders are very durable and good-looking in an assortment of colors . great !
it is exactly as described , works very well and holds ink and toner well . works well as a post card through the usps .
these are great pens and i love them . they seem to last quite a while too considering how much i write .
scotch is a name brand for a reason . good quality . this packing tape does the job . what more can you say about tape ?
excellent post its , the main difference is the whole back is sticky unlike regular post its which are sticky on one edge only .
i think these things work great . i have no reason to buy anything else for my printer . great printer cartridges .
good quality pocket folders . my wife needed them and i looked for some good quality and received it . i would purchase again .
this thing chomps through paper like no tomorrow . i've shredded at least a dozen garbage bags full of stuff so far , and it just keeps going .
these inkjoy pens look stylish and write very smoothly . four colors in the pack is great . would make a good stocking stuffer .
as in my other reviews for avery trueblock labels - this is no different - works perfectly and i never buy another label or brand other than this one .
this is a great pen to use all the time . i needed pens all over the house . and also more pens because i lose them very easily
i use these for home-made cards and invitations printed on the computer printer . the shape works well and the quality is good for the price .
got this for my grandchildren and they are using it a lot . they run through a lot of it and at this price , i can provide it .
works excellent , better than i expected . robust and scans quickly and clearly . easy to hold and nice looking . easy to start working with .
the one finger operation is so neat ! it's proved to be quite sturdy and there's simply no complaints . remains easy to clean when neccessary .
works great comes off the roll nicely easy to stick to the wall and easy to take down . i like the width perfect for trim work .
love these clips . being a teacher i'm always searching for these . this assortment gets the jobs done and they work really well !
nice phones , easy to use , and they really hold their charge . and when you get them at a great amazon price , you can't go wrong .
very good product . ever since using it , the shredder definitely sounds to be working smoother and definitely more quietly as it shreds .
the right size for those notes and reminders , you need kept in front of you . light weight and easy to hang
no complaints at all ! they were nice quality and nice colors . all work well . would purchase again .
this thing is pretty nice . the basket goes in and out easily and the blades are fast and powerful . it eats right through cd's and paper .
it is sturdy , doesn't get jammed it is a stapler ... it works - - after all what more can you ask for
i haven't had any problems with getting it off dispenser or anything it does seem to be invisible and keeps wrap secure great product !
worked great for the intended purpose . nothing special about it , just ink , but it worked great for the intended purpose .
i needed this for my job to weigh letters out before mailing . this fits the bill perfectly . good value for the prce paid .
this one is able to stand up to heavy-duty college student use . excellent durability !
love these pens , just like those gel ones that are so popular . i will buy more . i am very happy with this purchase .
my mistake ... i thought i was getting 48 different colors but this package is for 6 packages of 8 markers each . please read the description before buying !
and i don't have to run to the store or try to remember to buy one next time i am out .
good color selection . non-smearing . easy to write on plastic , vinyl , etc . very useful . attractive lettering for the experienced labeling artist
i have no problem with this paper , works great . the price is a liitle bit hight . but still worth the price
i've tried third party inks before and the results were less than desirable and the lower cost are not worth the headaches .
this lead is exactly what you would expect it to be . i don't know much about lead so i can't give any details beyond : it works .
this little thing is perfect for purse or briefcase . and , the price is right !
this is epson ink and although more expensive than after market ink this ink does give a superior print . i would purchase again .
high quality product , easy to setup , and easy to use . no issues at all , and great call quality . excellent internet account management .
these are great and as good or better than they were decades ago . erasure lines are clean . the residue sweeps away without trace .
these ar excellent phones . they are loud and clear . batteries last a long time . i am very happy with them.answer machine works great
i give this product five stars because of the nice paper quality . i use these to stay organized at work . i recommend this for everybody .
i'll stick to the canon ink since i love my printer and since it treats me well , i treat it well .
these would be ok , but don't really like the grip of the black part of the pencil . too soft for me !
i've had no problems whatsoever with these alternatives to canon's full-price ink cartridges , and i'm so , so glad that a slightly more reasonably priced option is available .
i really love the feel of the grip on these pens . the medium point is perfect for me and i couldn't be happier with them .
these durable , reusable stickers are cute and great for using in a scrapbook . a great deal for only $ 2.99 . i highly recommend .
these paper clips are good ! not cheap quality and hold the papers together great ! highly recommend for office use . good .
i gave these pens to my grandson who loves them . he loves the various colors . it's made him want to write more and that's a good thing !
living in a rental , i try not to put any holes in the walls . this is perfect for putting little notes and posters up .
this is great for the price . i can not say nothing bad about it.it is inexpressive and good quality.will buy more when school starts again
well it works . not much else to say about it . could've been less expensive though .
there isn't a lot to say about these , they're hanging file folders , they're colorful , they work great ! glad that i bought them !
but they were really cheap , less than $ 2 total shipped . they worked , they are good for keeping together a few pages .
this is a nice binder . the color is great . it works great it seems durable and is easy to open and close .
not sure what i can say about a package of markers . they arrived on time and worked okay . wish they were cheaper
i tried these and the glue is too sticky . when i tried to remove them , they torn the pages in my book . :(
it's heavy duty ( not super heavy duty ) and sturdy . clean black paint , well packaged.the size is perfect for dvd's too .
i am really pleased with this product . it keeps my letters organized . what a labor saving device ! thank you for making this so convenient .
its a paperclip , yay , it works as described . but i find costco to be a bit more competitive in pricing ( online ) .
i use these for instructions from my craft machines . both for the machines that i use , and projects that i see on the computer ,
great ink . used it for my lamy fountain pen and it writes smoothly with a great dark blue color . no clogging , beautiful bottle . highly recommended !
really satisfied with this binder . has windows for labels on front cover and spine . has d-rings which i love . would definitely recommend this binder to others .
i'm familiar with this product . it produces brilliant prints . i bought on amazon because it's about $ 6 cheaper than purchasing directly from the manufacturer .
nice to have extras incase you run out i like to keep them handy . if you print a lot of colors this is great
this is an excellent system especially for the home-office worker . the ability to use the speaker phone , which provides clear voice and audio reception is a plus .
excellent . this product is lovely and is very good for use in my house and printers are excellent for all
can't go wrong with sharpie , and the more the better . lasted for years without drying out . as advertised . i was satisfied .
ii ordered this size and style since in is a good value and fits the note cards which i makefrom my original photographs .
adheres well . does the job , not a post-it . don't have to worry about it flying off with a good breeze .
good quality envelopes . easy to stuff and seal . no problems putting it though my printer to make it easier to mail .
there isn't much to say about these - they're plastic dividers . they're generous with the paper tab inserts , clear plastic makes work easy to see .
the matte paper is ok but i would purchase glossy paper for a sharper image
great pens ! they wright well and there cheap . what more do you want from a pen ? i highly recommend them !
you can re-stick them often , which is nice . i would have liked them to be see through , but its still a good product .
this was actually a gift to my attended meetings . we really needed this to present and / or discuss / teach information to the group
nice book - always my favorite . my " go-to " book every year - cannot think of using another brand or style .
this is a nice product for a good price . its my second business card holder and i like it because it is slimmer than my previous one .
came as described . no problems installing or using . it's been in my printer for about a month now with no problems .
if you haven't tried a sharpie before , i'm not really sure what to tell you other than , they are a great permanent black marker .
these print great with either inkjet or laser . i prefer color laser . just bend them over and they come apart very clean .
we use these in the office and they must be good because they keep disappearing . if you like a nice fine point , choose these .
the bubbles are as it is on the image here , i like it it is cheap and good to use for shipping glass bottles .
one off those things it's good to have around . we keep them near the desk . they last a long time .
they are as good as anything out there . i tried the refilled one and they suck but these are fine . they work well .
good product but as with most branded inks a bit pricy ... can be streaky if you over saturate on gloss prints but excellent an mattes .
this was a gift but it is loved , i like the feel of the jell and the beach design , makes me want to run away
easy to install in hewlett packard 6500 officejet printer , vivid color on hp multipurpose paper ; cartridge gets empty fast and must be replaced
these are great for little gift tags . they are perfect for small gifts and some pretty twine ! happy with these .
this reminds me of something one might see on a dorm room door . the fame is plastic and its not even one piece .
perfect school supplies for my second grade student . we go through so much of this wide - ruled loose filler paper each school year .
product arrived in the condition and of a quality that i expected . cartridge is easily changed out . a nice size that i can store extra .
index cards are index cards . sturdy , lined , and 3 x 5 inches . i bought them for projects for kids at school . they like them .
be environmentally friendly , just refill instead of throwing the pen away . i love these pens so , refilling is much cheaper too .
the packing was completely inadequate , the board was out of the package and broken at two corners .
a great value for pretty decent printing paper . definitely a must have if you like to print a lot and often
i rarely mail anything anymore but when i do i like not having to lick the envelope . quality paper too .
this phone started to have problems around the 1yr mark . first , a lot of static and now it just keeps disconnecting calls . looking for another .
they were just as expected . they worked with my printer and they stuck to the folders .
these calculators are just what i was looking for . i can carry them easily when i travel .
seems to be a well made product , would buy again as a gift for someone else.have to see if it stands the test of time ... :-)
these clip are perfect for up to 10 pages that you want to keep together . much better than conventional paper-clips and infinitely reusable .
this product more than meets the expectation . this type ink has always exceeded my expectation . i never use the remanufactured ..
what can i say , it's scotch tape . i could certainly use the 3 rolls of tape as christmas is quickly approaching .
i have a printer that requires this ink . the price is competitive and delivery is fast and free . what's not to like .
this photo paper works great in my small printer . i order it because that is what the printer requires . i'm always happy with it .
works great with my uniden cordless phone .. holds charge well and talk time is fairly decent .. l .. for this price its highly recommended !
very sturdy , deep drawers . not cheap feeling or flimsy . generally what you'd expect from rubbermaid . individual pockets well-proportioned . would purchase again if needed .
i have several projects to use this on and thought i would get more from a roll by making my own labels . thanks
i like these because they are the perfect size for my kids to hold and less messy than the liquid white glue .
this is a well built office tool that staples multiple sheets of paper together effortlessly . what more can you ask of a stapler ?
i tried a 3rd party ink and the printer would even recognize it so i had to go back to factory ink .
these gel pens write very smoothly and last a long time . the colors were sometimes a little too light for my tastes , but they were pretty .
this calculator is pretty good and very easy to use . i needed a non scientific calculator for a class and this one works wonderfully
i picked these guys up because i needed some storage boxes for paper and light electronics . these boxes are sturdy enough to hold either and stack up well .
the need to constantly sharpen the eraser tip has been dealt with by the paper mate tuff stuff eraser stick designers , saving time and eliminating distractions .
good organizer . i wish that the labels were easier to put on . otherwise , it will serve a good purpose organizing my files .
east to use with the software .. only drawback is it's not compatible with , macs and i just converted to macs .
this size label is useful for file folders or photo albums . i mostly use smaller labels for file folders so this small pack is just a supplement .
scotch tape works just as it should and the 3 - pack is a good deal especially for all the wrapping that needs done in the christmas season . :)
purchased this legal pad through amazon for my portfolio book . clean , and holds well at the top . overall a decent product .
the pack is nice it has everything you wanted , just thought it would have more paper for the cost , not much at all
great cost effective option . i'd defintiely buy again , they stick fine , even on uneven surface and i haven't noticed any edge curling .
pros - cheap when you buy quantity - came quickly and easilycons - a little bit thin - often need more than one piece
there isn't a lot of detail needed . everyone knows what sticky notes are and how handy they are . no office can ever have too many .
each one works just fine , nothing wrong with packaging , at an unbeatable price too . these really come in handy , will buy again .
canon ink and canon paper to be used with a canon printer is a no brainer , it's the only way to go .
just what i needed . i'm happy with the purchase and the color too .
mead knows paper . this paper is perfect for school kids . nice color and the lines are perfect . fit nicely in a binder .
the classic pink eraser is still the best eraser to have in school and to buy for your kids . they last a long time and are very effective .
very high quality and repeatable performance - cheap knockoffs will ruin your printer . you really want to avoid the cheap " refilled cartridges .
i love having this tape around for mailing things , wrapping , or school projects . we use it all the time and it's a great price .
am in the process of organizing a massive amount of paperwork . these jobbers are helping me , and i just ordered somemore of them .
brother brand does not lie . if it says it's xl it really is . generic brands don't work as well as these do .
the shredder is very useful and reliable . it's great to have a shredder that can really take 12 papers at a time without jamming .
these are high quality dividers and you get so many in this pack that it makes the price well worth it .
good value work well , i have some issues with fitting more than 5 pieces of paper in each one as the holes break
always use the real canon product with my printers , and photos will be beautiful and the printer will work well .
the laminating pouches work well with my laminator . very nice . recommended for laminating letter-sized papers . would make awards look really nice .
5 star ratinglove the sharpie brand and the pricing - like the markerswould recommend to anyone for home or personal use
replaced the ink in my printer and got all my work done with ink to spare ( obviously ) . good buy it is .
the seal is plenty grippy , the envelope and seams seem strong enough and the privacy feature works . good enough for my uses anyway .
much easier to use . only complaint , and nothing new , it goes through ink pretty quickly and , of course , the ink cartridge replacements are steep .
these are a must at work . always labeling , or sending notes the require a permanent marker . the price was exceptional .
it is an ' ok ' item but not long and high enough to cover the door properly . still it is better than nothing ...
the cheapest sheet protectors seem to be the same regardless of brand . go for the cheapest price . works fine for one to two sheets only .
these dividers are so pretty . i love the colors and designs . they also work great . they are 5 tab and fit a standard three ring binder .
thin , cheap plastic . large and cumbersome . can't wait to get rid of it ! very disappointed . would not recommend for purchase
i have had no issues with these misfeeding , there is a bunch on the unit , i would recommend this product
i use this for all kinds of kitchen tasks - i keep a roll handy on the butcher block and find lots of ways to utilize it .
push pins arrived as expected and are performing as expected . the box that the pins is in doesn't close very well , but the pins themselves are fine .
this product is okay , but i had a difficult time getting it to stay open . i don't think it would be very beneficial in my business .
great business phone . has ample amplification and works great with the headset they recommend . i use it for liveops and it has paid for itself already .
there is nothing fancy about these 100 paper clips . they serve their function well and are nice and shiny . the price was very fair .
smaller than i expected but it works just fine for what i purchased it for .
clear cover on the outside , inside slips on inside of cover . rings snap open and closed with ease ! perfect for one subject or topic !
the adhesive is strong and the labels print well from my brother laser printer . i have no complaints .
comfortable to use with the keyboard . it is ergonomically good to have one . supports your wrist .
looking for a second printer to add to photo printer . much better than expected . everything hp advertised .
this is a nice little caddy for my minimum surface desk . it hold all i need to have readily available without being in the way .
i'm always looking for ways to safe a dollar or two . and this cartridge helped save some money for my different writing needs .
it works just like all other tape products from scotch ... wonderfully . it's tape . what'd you expect ? ! ?
i was shopping for 4x6 photo paper for my epson printer . the epson premium paper was a good choice . price is right and the quality is fine .
i love these labels , they are so simple to use even a child can do it . these are great for every kind of use you could ever imagine
it's a mouse pad . no frills . thickness is just fine . the mouse runs over it without a hitch . it's basic .
i am happy that i can count on my canon ink cartridge to be the correct cartridge , brand new , and works great in my canon printer
very satisfied with these clear inkjet labels . they seem much easier to remove from the backing than the off-brand i previously bought .
i'm preparing for a move so this tape was perfect . it fit right in my tape roller , went on easily and sealed my boxes very well .
this unit has the power to do what it is rated for . like all shredders , it requires regular maintenance including periodic oiling of the blades .
really great price ! 3 of the 10 binders i ordered came bent . i was pretty disappointed about the dented binders .
it seems that i have gone through many different brands of shredders . i am happy to say that this is longest i have ever had one .
sturdy metal construction , comfortable and easy to use ... designed nicely to apply pressure.uses standard staples.got a thumbs up from a stapler picky spouse .
works great and easy to useit attacks all staples i've had so very pleased with itwould recommend it
great quality and easy to use . my inkjet colors didn't smear . crack and peel back is very useful . perfect for diy projects .
i had been looking for something like this for a while and this works great . good price and very functional .
great product im glad it is heavy like it looks works great am very pleased with purchase would order again .
yes , it's the ink i wanted , so i'm happy . i think ink is stinkin expensive , but it is what it is .
this is a good sturdy tape dispenser , i would recommend it for any office or home office . solid product , worth the spend .
again sharpie makes one of the best products and this one is great it does what it is supposed to do .
the two best things about this order were the super low price and super fast shipment . i am very pleased with this cardboard stock . i highly recommend .
don't skimp on stationery - you get what you pay for ! low price = less research , less refinement
using multi-colors of this pen helps to emphasize or highlight certain parts of text that is important to remember for later on .
great super glue that dries fast and has done the trick for me in several occasions where i needed to fix something . doesn't dry up quickly either .
what can i really say . they meet specs and the ink doesn't smudge at all . haven't had them long enough to see how long they last .
excellent price , good product , easy care . works well in the office and stands up to the wear and tear it gets .
how long have these effortless staplers been around ? it's almost like an electric stapler ! would give it 6 stars if i could .
these labels use the avery templates and are very easy to peel off . what is there not to like ?
these are exactly as described , came packaged well , and perfect for the price . just as high quality as the more expensive ones .
great planner . i love how exactly perfect it is laid out . i use this on a daily basis and would buy again .
these are some good envelops . i don't know what else to really say .. they seal fine with the included glue on them .
this is great paper and it produces excellent quality output . very crisp and nice colors . my only complaint is the price .
these stickies do exactly what you'd expect from sticky notes . they're great to use on the fly or at work .
a crappy converter is included--can't expect much considering the price . however , the weight of the pen is great and the nib is quite nice for the price .
i needed a big button corded phone for mt parents and that is exactly what i got . these words are to make thre review minimal
i bought these for use on woodworking projects , but they sometimes break under pressure . they do produce a nice dark line .
great labeler with tons of different options like fonts sized styles and symbols . i would recommend to anyone and everyone !
my favorite pencils now ! they are soft and smooth . easy to sharpen.recommend to anybody . eraser working great and the graphite doesn't break inside of the wood .
chose it because it worked in my copier , and was at a good price . i looked at several listings before choosing this one .
i wanted something to keep at my mother's when visiting when using my computer . this is perfect ! i highly recommend it .
i could have spent more in a store and secured lessservice . i look forward to doing businesswith you again .
these ballpoint retractable pens are excellent and very please , highly recommend these pens to anyone who wants to buy them and glad i did .
they work , they do what they're supposed to do and it's silly that i have to keep writing just to say they're absolutely fine .
prang chalk is the best chalk . the colors stay true and they write smooth . it is the only chalk i will bother to buy .
delivers quickly and works perfectly in my hp printer . i wish that it printed more pages , but all in all a good value .
am trying this out to see if penmanship improves for a 2nd grader.no results yet . will update .
i have seen these all over the place . they are pretty basic , but the price and functionality are great . i have several .
a well made product . the pens are a bit thicker in width than i like but that's a person preference and doesn't affect the quailty .
i love this new post-it note ! you can write a note on it for reference while not covering up the information beneath it .
the canon pgi - 220 combo pack triple pack of black in cartridges work well in my printer . this is all i have ever used .
this stapler doesn't have any of the latest leverage advantages or loading methods , but it works fine , and it looks great .
seems to do exactly what its intended for . holds up books . big books tend to stress it a bit but not terribly .
i hate to do allot of writing so i make a bunch of address labels ahead and these are great for that .
i love this calculator , big numbers and calculate excellent so easy to use and make my life so much easier .
acco is very reliable brand and we love the jumbo size paperclipsour office does not like the small paperclips - papers tend to get disconnectedthese are the best !
really nice scientific calculator . i got this for the fe exam and it works like a charm . extremely helpful during the exam .
well-priced if you only need one ink . this is the best price i have seen anywhere and will not buy my inks anywhere else .
it is more than coloring set , it is multi-task tools for practically all types of labeling . a must for an active and multi-tasking office .
not great , but for the price who cares ? five stars for value . prints perfectly . some are weird to install . otherwise great
this is a great starter kit . i love the neutral colors and the extra writing space on the tabs . it makes labeling so much easier .
i stuck one on the fridge , one by the phone & one by the computer .
easy to use to hang lightweight items ( posters for instance ) and peels off cleanly when done .
i love binder clips , & these work as expected . i used them with papers , bags of food , etc . they are wonderful .
great siple phone and easy to use and set up . shipping was also fast . i'm happy with the purchase .
i havebeen using it for awhile and it writes really well . i would buy another if this one broke which i hope it doesnt .
i got these because i was frustrated runing around trying to find some old time sharpeners . these blades stand up for a time . very good buy .
this ink tank easily installs into the canon printer and lasts for months . very rarely gives off smudges or stray marks .
this is a good product at a good price . itis an actual epson product at a good price and it lasts for quite a while .
sharpie : best permanent markers in the world . nothing better than a sharpie for all-purpose hijinks and work . good price for a good product .
best thin line markers on the market . i use mine all the time and never a problem . go for it .
wow ! that was fast . the xl lasts longer than the original . i go through black and white more than the color options .
beautifully simple cardboard-like ( no frills ) file with 3 - rings . great for someone who likes it ' unfinished ' with the recycled look .
i use these to print return shipping labels and for printing the address shipping labels . both work fine .
light weight , looks modern , and holds my business cards . can't get a better price either !
the tape was really good quality and i thought the price was good . i don't use scotch tape often so this will last me a couple of years .
multi-use paper is the best paper for all-around use in your computer printer , and this choice is excellent for both quality and price .
it does it's job . however i wish it would last longer for this price i think it's kinda has short life .
these are definitely stickier than normal post-its . they stay put when others fall off . nice assortment of bright colors . stick to most surfaces .
a corded land line with a lighted dial , good sound quality , and the ability to have ' saved ' numbers for easy redialing .
made in germany not communist china.good quality . excellent set.prompt shipping . very satisfied .
bought this as part of donation to a project to equip homeless kids with back-to-school items . elmer's is always a reliable brand , so this was a no-brainer .
wife and i use it for our business's and have never had an issue . buy gp fairly regularly due for cost and quality .
i use this product to highlight the important transaction on my check register . the ink lasts long and i'm still using it now .
these little pouches are great . we find all sorts of clever uses for them . if you need small laminating pouches , i recommend these .
is quite precise , i needed something like this since my desk is made of glass and the optical mouses don't work in those .
cannon ink is great . i have never had any type of problems with cannon ink . it does exactly what it is suppose to do .
the spray nozzle doesn't spry all over the place , and if you invert the can and clean ( not too long ) , its good for years .
once i began using these pencils i didn't want to use any other writing instrument . they are perfect and i recommend them !
this notebook is so pretty . it will work great for my 7th grade daughter who wants something cute but more grown up than her sister .
i purchased this product to be able to mail photos to clients . these envelopes are just perfect for 8.5 " x 11 " photos .
this products has been flawless in use and purpose . printer ink to printer tells quantity left and warns of near needed replacement .
the ink works fine but as we all know $ $ $ spendy as always but what are ya going to do .
leaves small marks black on the side of the page . not as good as the original cartridge.would be i guess .
these are the economy protectors and not made to hold up as well as the thicker type . however , they are perfect for the job that i need .
not much to say except that it is quality tape at a good price . doesn't tear too easily yet not to thick and easily blends away .
they are the ink that goes into the printer , what can i say , they work . they do cost too much
received very quickly and was happy with my purchase . i had just purchased my printer , and wanted to be sure i didn't run out too soon .
these labels are great . they line up perfectly in microsoft word , and they print right every single time . use them constantly .
these film sheets are easy to use . they feed easily into the machine without being loose sticky glue that makes a mess .
for little more than the price of one oem cartridge , i have a full set . so far the ones i've used have worked fine .
these are very useful letter-sized bubble mailers padded envelopes . great for sending first class packages and small enough for little things like jewelry .
no problems and i always have the best luck with the hp products . they always work the best and without problems .
very good envelopes . i love the idea of self stick . nothing worse than paper cuts on the tongue or mouth . thank you .
love the colors and used it as part of my organizing for specific types of files . they move smoothly on the track as well .
these are the only mechanical pencils i will use - they are a good quality at a decent price . i will order them again .
i always prefer the correct cartridge because they last longer . these will be used shortly and i know they are great .
these straps i have used for many years and not easy to locate where i live . they are must in my home .
as always , paper mate quality is at its best ; these pens hold up and continue to write in an excellent manner
these envelopes are sturdy and self-adhesive . the security shading on the paper is sufficient .
i mean there's not much to say other than a great product especially for the price i would buy this again
i have found many uses for this product . should have bought it years ago . when you need something attached , use velcro .
the toner works fine as the one that came with my hp p1102w printer did . i hope it lasts a little longer than the first one did .
very useful for work ! lead doesn't break easy and a comfortable grip . i wish it came with more refill lead though .
i use gift bags now for almost everything so i have little need for a product like this . i would have loved it years ago .
the product is as described . a ball of rubber bands in a variety of colors . i use these often and they are good quality .
key question to bear in mind : do you want paper or plastic ? an alternative is to use ordinary post-it notes .
these tiny magnets are so weak they don't hold stuff to a refrigerator . come on ! what else are tiny magnets for ? pass .
i love these retractable slender highlighters . the colors are vibrant and i like that they are slim as opposed to the big and bulky highlighters that are everywhere .
i wanted to try the compatible version , it was okay , didn't give me 8000 + pages but it gave me about 5000 pages which was ok
bought this for in the shop . it worked great when i bought it and it is still working great . awesome .
i use these pouches in my laminator . they work well for me and are thick enough to provide good protection to the documents inside of them .
not quite the color experience i was looking for but its not bad for the money , and would buy again
now they got you paying over $ 100 for tiny ink cartridges . my pcs - 1610 has lasted over 5 years . that's a record for an hp printer.nada
there could be better deals out there , but i haven't found one . i plan to stick with this one .
great printer scanner fax wireless airplay at great price point , and the cartridges make an outstanding combination that just can't be beat .
perfect addition to any dymo label maker ... makes those sheets of address labels seem like a thing of the past !
i love their ink . it seems to last a long time and it makes prints great pictures and documents . fast delivery .
these labels are a good size for mailing first-class parcels and larger envelops . also , they are much better quality than the off-brand labels . i am pleased .
this is a great size to write a note to leave for someone , or the make list to stick on my daytimer . they really come in handy .
nice , sturdy dividers . pretty designs . fits exactly . would buy again.good buy . avery mini studio collection write-on tab dividers w / retro flowers .
this is well made . it has labeled tabs for months and for the alphabet . we found that it was just too small for the receipts we get .
this product is such rubbish that i cannot believe that anyone would order it . the resulting words look like dried up squiggles that i can barely read .
these are just as described in the advertisement . the glue holds well and they are sturdy and not cheap looking . not sure what else to say .
these are great labels and the size of the package is wonderful . aren't always running out of labels in the middle of a big job .
i use this tape just to tape shipping labels to the padded envelopes i use . this tape is strong enough and very clear for that .
neon is so totally 80 ' s and these sharpie neon fine point permanent markers are totally fab ! totally neon . totally sharp . totally awesome !
pilot pens are my hands down favorite pens they write so nice and smooth . and they come in different thickness and colors too
black paper is back baby ! it had practically disappeared for a decade , almost impossible to find and expensive . gel pens are better now . great paper !
it is a cheap simple mouse pad for your mouse . if that is what you are looking for then this is your mouse mat !
replaced original oem cartridge and it worked fine . no particular problem during the time we have all been using it for the past few weeks .
this is an excellent hp laser printer that provides wireless as well as usb connectivity . for the price , you can't go wrong .
its nice . there isnt a whole lot to say about this product . it does what i expect from it . buy one .
very useful and easy to store in my small drawer , even in a pen case i carry on my backpack . highly recommended . :)
a handy group of colored ink pens - - very handy where you need different colors . they seem to be good pens .
very functional . fairly sturdy . easy to assemble . nothing much not to like about this product . good buy for the money .
not much different than i saw at safeway , didn't save a lot of money , but it's okay , not a big deal
the workforce printers have a hard time on a mac but this printer was built for collaboration with multiple pc platforms
they are strong , reliable , and i recommend them.do you sell mini staples for the very small swingline stapler ? if so i'll buy them too .
5 star ratingvery good for personal use at an economical pricewould recommend to anyone looking for a good quality product .
this product does what it is intended to do in the pixma ip4820 printer . it does a good job but not an extrordinary one .
they arrived torn and scattered in the box . i returned them without use.there was no labeling included.this is a very generic low-end product .
this is the best chair that i have ever used at my desk . the only drawback is that the back looks funny because it tilts to one side .
if you like to draw and sketch , these are must haves . price is right on amazon , and these are durable and professional quality .
works as advertised . i got just shy of 2700 pages out of it . definitely will purchase again when i need a refill .
these are great for use as bookmarks , or paper separators when handling hundreds of papers . easy to dispense of , and nice and small .
this binder actually appears to be flimsy but it's quite sturdy . my son is utilizing it for english class and he didn't have any complaints with this item .
cheapest and most durable as well as dependable . i don't see any issues with this phone , it sounds great and it can be loud .
i bought this together with my fellowes shredder , and it has kept my shredder working in perfect condition . no complaints so far !
these went cleanly through my hp inkjet printer , and they stick well yet remain removable--so what's not to like ?
very handy ... four colors if pen and a pencil with eraser in one . the pens flow nicely and all functions are easy to use without being bulky .
i have these same 3m mounting tapes each with different mounting weight . used them for many reasons for many years and have not failed me .
i have been using this for years - it has excellant quality every time and it sells at a reasonable price .
i hope it can work for several years.anyway , it seems great and i guess it is powerful enough for me .
this brand is easy to use and is easy to clean up when you get a little messy applying it .
the coverage is excellent . the felt tips are much better than the brushes.great control for even a small dot touch-up .
bought this for in the office . works well for a black and white all in one . very reliable and cheap operating costs .
cute but not as durable as i thought it would be . not what i expected , thought it would be more
very useful if you want to take notes ontop of something you are reading . they stay on the page they are stuck to really well as well .
i'm guessing they are working as expected and i've received no complaints ; they are being used in a different department .
i'll be using this for papers i need to refer to fairly often . it looks durable enough for my uses .
nothing super special but just your average stapler . can't expect more or less from a cheap stapler but if u want better go get the high quality ones
suits my purpose and fulfills my needs so that i can print out pictures from my phone . high quality product .
this is a thick envelope of good quality , the price was very good i would recommend this product a good buy
i bought several of these calculators and very pleased by price and quality . i would definitely buy again . nice small size .
excellent headset , reception , voice quality , and configuration . plantronics simply is the best in this category as far as i am concerned .
so far so good . i'm a recessionista . less than $ 5 and i avoided paying $ 60 or more for new phones .
these cartridges are awesome . i've ordered them several times now . they last and look great in printing . definitely worth it .
if loving you is wrong , i don't want to be right ! this was a dream compared to the nightmare kodak printer i had previously ! ! !
excellent pencil sharpener for both adults and children to hold and use . can be held firmly to rotate without slipping .
this is skotch clear packaging tape . it don't come no better than that , ok ? nuff said .
bonds quickly and easily , no problems . comes in a large bottle for super glue . great for repairing items around the house .
i am now able to fax , copy , scan , and print , which was very useful for my documents that need to be completed .
5 star ratingalways loved post-its - very handy for personal usewould recommed to anyone looking for a good priced quality product
this is really good ink . nothing beats getting the original name brand . it also was easy to install . good thing .
this is a handy way to keep rubber bands together . they are of very good quality . also a sweet little gift idea .
the avery clear sheet protectors are great . work very well for many projects . box of 100 is a great quantity at a great price .
i've wanted something like this for a while , a bit tricky / fiddly to use but thats in its nature . good stuff !
love love love it , makes opening the mail a breeze . batteries last forever . great value will definitely replace if ever needed .
this is exactly what i needed . amazon always comes through with the right product to fit the need . amazon rocks !
very handy and unique portable legal hang file cabinet . perfect for keeping files in the back of my suv . well built .
this is what fountain pens would have looked like if ball points had never been invented . wonderful writer . i'll never switch back to a roller or bic .
i set it up in less than 15 minutes and printed my papers before class . it printed fast . i am very happy .
i've been searching for a pen that works and works on different surfaces . after 100 misses , i've finally a pen that works .
these do the job well ; i've purchased them multiple times . they are a little bit thinner than some of the other sheet protectors i've purchased .
fast , quick , and easy ! the various sizes reduce waste and the amount of time spent trimming the laminate film on the items .
this is a sturdy and reasonably attractive binder . i use it for reference material that i need daily and it is holding up well .
for the $ $ this is the best letter opener available . easy to use , safe and no more papercuts , if you remember to use it !
these pocket folders are great for organizing all kinds of papers . i really like how durable they are . overall great quality !
i like this phone . i was happy to find that i can add , with a push of a button , extra handsets .
excellent . this product is lovely and is very good for use in my new iprinter and is very useful for me
i chose this because of the price & the size of the roll . very good buy for the money & very good product . highly recomended
i recently bought a small roll of this tape and i found it to be great , it is so much easier to package items .
use this product all the time . can't say enough good about it . have been using this for more than three years .
the ink is working just fine on wifes printer and is ok with it for it comes when we need it
these scissors are very safe and they actually work , too :) my daughter likes the colors , and we use them for arts and crafts .
these are some of my favorite pens . the ink line is bold and they write smoothly . i did think the ink should have lasted a little longer .
works perfect for what it is designed for . always loved scotch magic tape and this is no exception . i will purchase again .
does the trick . excellent at removing staples . not for people with weak hands , it requires some elbow grease ! i like the price .
we have two computers and two printers in our family and we really go through copy paper ! this is a really good all around product .
i bought this for making shipping labels . it does a great job . the refills for the printer are reasonably priced and the finished labels look really good .
oh i love this shredder this is my first one i've owned and so glad i picked this one . my daughter is getting one also
i have ordered bic ball point pens before , & they are usually pretty good . these pens are basically the same pens but are pink & lilac colored .
not much to say , we all know about these . i usually like larger pads but need something to carry in my briefcase for off-site use .
these are nice folders.they do their job and keep my stuff like bills , and receipts organized.smead seem to make quality office products imo.recommended
post-it's have been in use in my office for many years and always work like a charm . these are a good size for me .
good foldersdont tear and hold weightwould recommend for office worki use them for all my cabinets at my home office
we use these to categorize papers & items when transporting them . definitely do recommend because of their being so inexpensive considering .
these are the standard white perfect binders with the good quality white plastic on the front of the binders to slip in a cover sheet .
this is a needed product and much less expensive than buying in a big box store . includes all needed colors .
although the quality of the ink is good , this cartridge holds only 5 ml of ink .
ink is ink . it works fine ... and that is all i can say about it . i'm happy to have it . thank you ..
the printer is made very well easy to set-up and to get all the software that go with it to work well worth th emoney
i like the way this pen feels in my hand , and the fine point looks great on paper . i'll be buying more of these .
good quality envelopes for mailing bills or keeping up correspondence . for people who enjoy sending some actual written compositions by " snail mail " .
my wife homeschools and loves this thing . it cleans our board perfect every time . much better than our old eraser .
my daughter has this mounted in her bedroom . she's used it for reminders for upcoming school assignments , tests , and just to doodle .
where's like iron , have two and highly recommend it for anyone that spends time at their desk . home or office
these labels are great . i have no trouble with the format and they really do cover other labels . excellent product for ebayers !
i bought this for my canon pixma ip4500 . unfortunately my printer decided to give up the ghost , but my husband can use it in his .
donated to sons class , got to complaints from teacher so i guess all is well . would purchase this again for class .
these are by far my favorite pens with even ink and reliability . i hope these never go away ! amazon has these priced right so get em here .
canon inks print fantastic color prints when used with canon glossy paper . also works well with canon matte paper for making cards .
works just fine in my ink gulping all-in-one . price is right and i'll order more , though i see my local walmart is now carrying it , to .
holds metrocard well while still being easy to retrieve . my son used the pen loops to attach the card holder to his backpack
it works great and was just what i ordered the original brother item and did not take long to get here .
this thing would tape books like mad , but i used it to make a clear wallet in tandem with some transparency sheets .
the price was right for these business size . security , self-sealing envelopes . they are sturdy and protect the information you are mailing .
i like the product and the markers work great . if only my erase board hadn't broken , i would be using this product more often .
these work just like regular sticky notes , but they are made of recycled paper and can also be recycled.why not buy with your conscience ?
i love all of these colorful markers ! ! i like the quality of sharpie pens and look forward to using them with all my projects . thanks !
i love these . i use them to organize all my closets . i think they are way over priced though . these are cardboard .
i have bought these over and over again . nice heavy construction and easy to insert sheets into ... just the best all around !
i love saving money by buying these from amazon . great product for some great prices . i buy all of my ink for my inkjet printers from amazon .
my friend bought this . it did not work well for her , she returned it . she tried her best but it had to go back
it works fine and is easy to carry in a purse . it doesn't take up any room .
great quality , great price . and if you mail a lot these cut down on postage too because they weigh almost nothing .
always a quality binder that withstands heavy use throughout the years . i would recommend this avery binder for office or home use .
bought these but they are backups and can't say much about them . they look fine . the price seemed right . go steelers .
these are great for children and creative adults . i love them . the colors are so bright and vivid i can't believe they are sharpies !
this avery easy peel print-to-the-edge permanent labels , oval , laser / inkjet , 1.5 is one of the best purchases i have ever made
this is a hot item ... twin pack cartridges ... great product ... buy it
very nice for someone very professional and knows what to write down . i still not sure why i bought it . lol
i use this product on a weekly basis and these labels have never let me down . top quality . highly recommend .
i've had this scanner for a few months now and it works great with my mac ! the software is competent and easy to use .
bought the official refill ink cartridges for our epson printer . they work as they are supposed to .
this is a simple and sturdy product . works great and does the job . a reliable basic product . would recommend it .
it works ! not sure how to review a highlighter . they work well as intended and don't bleed onto everything else . what more could you ask for ?
have ordered this product before.it ' s fresh ink cartridges and have used them before.try them . you won't be disappointed
i have nothing bad to say about this pad . no nasty smells . holds up nicely . works well with my optical mouse .
love this sleek tape dispenser . sturdy enough to stay in place while pulling tape with one hand . cute and practical .
this isn't what i was expecting for ' matte ' paper . i guess it's o-k but it is simply smooth , heavy white paper .
very good for ensuring a package hasn't been tampered with , which promotes confidence with one's customer base . seemed to unwind easy and stick well
works great for coupons but is to small for checks and receipts . our mistake not theirs . solid product that does what it is suppossed to
purchasing ink in this combo pack is cheaper than individual cartridges and provides a free pack of photo paper too .
nice pens they work well and make doing good writing jobs earier.would give these good makes for the way that they perform and they work
love the smooth bold writing of this pen . the ink does tend to coagulate at the tip , however not unreasonably . will buy again .
very sticky , sure to stay on your file folders forever . no problem with printing on your laser printer .
bright colors and really good for keeping your place marked in whatever you need . they also peel off without damaging the paper . very useful .
these are a great and basic set of phones to have around your home for regular use . they serve the job well .
bought to round out my art supplies . i grow bored of standard sharpeners . this one was unique enough to join my supplies .
these were just what i needed for my altered books . couldn't find them anywhere and once again amazon came to the rescue !
it makes my organizing much easier . i like printing symbols on them also for catagories .
for only about 2 bucks this saves you a trip to the store and some gas . it looks great and it blends in so it looks invisible .
very very good quality for a good price . they are surprisingly smooth and thick papers great for even resumes or formal usage .
photos print well on this paper . i think you get a lot of paper for a decent price . i would order it again .
this is a good printer . wireless is a nice bonus for a remote room . ink seems to last a long time too .
very easy to construct together and sturdy enough to hold many files but the price is a little high for cut cardboard that snaps together .
its bubble wrap what can i say . it works great for what i needed for which was shipping auto parts .
excellent product , beautiful color and printing ... would recommend to all . i have been buying and using hp ink for 12 years without any problems at all .
great strong graph paper . easy to read and sturdy enough to handle the tough assignments that will come from all the school work
these ring-hole protector is really easy to use , it attached firmly on the paper , and make sure your notes will never ever try to run away from your
as always , post-it comes through with an excellent product . the pink and lime colors make them easy to find . outstanding ! !
great device , haven't had much of a chance to use it yet , but it works great with gizmo 5 .
i like the way they feel in my hand , and i absolutely love the white erasers . the lead stays put until you need more too . recommended .
works fine love it prints real clear color real clear would say everyone should use it also lasts a lomg time
this is great paper for my printer nice white prints great and is easy to work with thank you norm
good quality ink . works well without any leaking . i've used canon ink for several years and recommend it to others .
i like using this prodeck . i have been using it a very long time and does not dry out as fast as some .
the different colors help distinguish files from one another . there is not that much more to say except that they are sturdy and i'd certainly buy them .
i love these pilot vanishing point retractable fountain pens . i use fine nib and the ink flows very well and look great on paper .
the color looks like it does in on my screen . it is durable . the rings work . it is everything that it is advertised as being .
very reasonable metal binder clips . stong hardy build quality and they also have a strong grip to them . good price too .
i use this paper in my daytimer planner . i can use any pen ink on this paper . no bleed though .
i bought these pens because they were cheap and i liked the colors . the only problem i have had is a few of them busted in my pen cup
these are great labels , they stick well and do everything they are advertised to do . have had no problems with them and would recommend !
a genuine canon product at a much lower price than local retailers . shipped quickly and worked as expected . will purchase more .
great addition to lamy safari , al-star , or vista fountain pens . allows the use of your favorite ink . more economical than cartridges .
i was trying to organize my office and these were just what i needed . they are sturdy with the clear outside to label them easily .
this paper makes really nice glossy photo quality boarderless prints from my hp inkjet printer . photos look the same as if they came from the photomat .
this shelf was easy to assembly and very durable . it holds a weighty number of books and stacks steadily to provide multiple shelves of organization .
fast shipment . item as described . excellent quality . i use this velcro to strap boxes . i would definitely recommend to others .
these pens were purchased for someone else , and as far as i know , the person is very satisfied with them .
this ink cartridge arrived promptly ; was dated within expiration date ; and , as original replacement , worked well in my printer .
fun to use with metallic sharpies . i'm not sure why these are so difficult to find , but i think they are great .
i have often used this product and it is always satisfying . so far i haven't had one that didn't work .
i used these to hang up a big board & they worked . they really serve their purpose & holds up great
this is a good deal to keep the colors printing . works well with printer which monitors individual colors and pre-warns of needed replacement .
what can you say , best tape out there . better then most packing tapes . the holder makes it easy . have more than one .
excellent set of five retractable pens - very smooth writing - do not skip or smudge plus vibrant colors . made in japan
perfect for organizing bills and tax papers . i also carry hand outs for meetings and other meeting items in them . good idea for organized people .
as envelopes go , these truly are superior . if you're security conscious , these are the envelopes for you !
these are great staples they work well on electric staplerive stapled up to 15 sheets and works greatstaples hold out and very pleased with them
high quality canon ink , and i only use canon products in my canon printer . tried off-brand inks and they were worthless . stick with the real thing .
neenah exact index card stock , 250 sheets , white , 94 brightness , 110 pound weight is what it is , white card stock .
i ordered this to put on my stainless steel fridge and it has worked out perfect . it doesn't stand out and blends in with the decor .
wonderful . you can mannger things and stuff . if you don't want be mess . get this one and work it for your life
works well with my microsoft works using the avery template . no problems at all .
bought for work where the computer setup was not comfortable . these reduced my wrist pain .
there's not much i can say about a cork board . this one works as advertised and i have no complaints .
i was about to purchase this stuff separately , until i ran across this great deal . tape dispenser works just perfectly !
i bought these to use with my brand new swingline laminator and these work great ! love how stiff they are !
these are a good brand of pen . i always opt for bic lighters , and would similarly recommend their pens . one
this stuff is great , however the only downside is that it does not fit every fountain pen out there so be cautious .
i really love these push pins . i like that they are bigger than most push pins and come in a variety of colors . very easy to use !
who doesn't need a writing tablet , with these , when the need presents itself , i have a pen & pad to make note of it .
it's simple to use , clean , large buttons . easy to operate . i like how i can call my other phone as an intercom too ...
i received these quickly . they are well made and the price was excellent . i will order some more . very good .
my teenage son can never get enough of the sharpie gel highlighters . he simply loves them for both at home and school .
these are quite small , but the colors are bright and they stick well . good product , good value , would purchase again .
any time that i can buy basics on amazon and save the trip to the store in the heat , i am happy !
great pens , write smooth , fine as i like . good color variety for school projects .
this is a very good 2nd phone . it is in my bedroom . it is very lightweight and suits the purpose . it is also very reasonably priced .
you will have a hard time beating this price . quick delivery . this is my second time buying from this seller and every time i am pleased .
good . i like it . it looks good on my billy book stand . what else i can write about this card holder . its good .
this mouse pad never made it to my home . it is a nuisance to have to repeat myself over and over again .
as a school teacher , it is nice to find things like this for so cheap for when i need to replace them .
these labels serve their purpose well . they can be used through the printer and they handily can be stuck on .
great little printer for the price . works as described . we have several of these samsung printers model ml - 2165w in our office .
these labels are too small for return address ' . they could work with postcards , but not much else .
these are nice self seal envelopes with the extra added security seal . i used them for most of my mailings of important documents .
the brother compatible lc51 bulk set of 10 ink cartridges fits perfectly in my moms printer and appear to last just a bit longer the ome cartridges .
this is a bright yellow on strong cardstock ; just what i wanted . it stands out well when nestled among other papers , as a place marker .
excellent quality . we just moved and the movers put several boxes in the wrong rooms . bought this to save my back . fold up easily for storage .
what a great collection of colors all in one place for oneniceprice ! my niece needs them for her text books.sold !
this laminator is working out wonderfully . i bought it to laminate my sons ' lego instruction books . it is doing exactly what i need it to do .
my wife ordered these key rings for her craft class and what a price for 100 key rings only amazon can make a offer like this
great for 3 ring binders ! ! really holds them upright and in place . product description matches actual item .
nothing fancy just an envelope , not thing and not too thin , just ok . i mean wasn't expecting too much from an envelope
out of 2 shredder oils that i've used in the past few years . i'm not sure i'm willing to try a third . why take chances ?
its ink , and with canon i have yet to find a ' refurbished ' cartridge that is as black as the original
this package is fine . i like the eraser a lot because it's thick and soft . just wish this stuff cost less lol
very good price and works well . much cheaper than office depot . cannot find a cheaper deal any where else . good buy
this phones work great . no static or issues . holds a good charge and the buttons and screen are not too small to create any issue .
good product , does the job , not as great as my custom envelopes by at 1/15 the price they are perfect for an every day quick grab envelope .
we always buy the epson cartridges for our work printers . they last longer and the prints are always very good
i got these and the arrows together and i used these ones to mark the beginning or ending of each chapter in my school textbooks .
love it . works very well in taking out staples from my classroom walls without taking paint off too ( if i am careful ) .
price is a little high as is or most oem ink jet ink , and the cartridges seem to dry out a little too fast .
the machine has been in service for a long time and has performed flawlesslywith the use of dymo original labels . highly recommended .
they are glue sticks . there were 6 of them . the looked like the package . i got them for a dollar on special . i'm happy .
and it works fine . looks nice . is small and easy for my kids to use . nothing special about it , but its cheap and functional
after several months i can honestly say i love this . quite sturdy , rolls easily and i sort of kick it around everywhere in the hosue .
these work fine and do the job . i wish they had been available in other colors , but black will do .
good color combinations , trusted brand . it was nice to find a variety of colors in the thin design at a decent price .
useful , work great , can't really go wrong with these labels if this is what you need . works well with ms word and my epson printer .
papers that were filed on the floor are now off the floor and on the shelves wondabar ! ! ! i love it .
this is my first try with re-manufactured ink cartridges . they seem as good as new ones . the order / delivery service was great .
it is the easiest no fuss clear picture color printer . economy and efficiency at work here . so far so good .
seems to work ... no problem installing it . the ink definitely smells strong when printing , more so than oem , but for the price i'm not complaining .
it's a canon ink cartridge . it works as well as the one that came with the printer . if it didn't something would be seriously wrong .
fine pencil pouch - durable , nice bright color , good for girl or boy , easy to not go to store to get .
a canon cartridge for a canon printer . much too expensive , but amazon.com has one of the best prices i could find .
these things really work ! ! just be careful when or if you have to remove them from a page . they will stick more than you think .
it sits so nicely . i just got rid of the one i was using everyday for several years and this chair is really cozy and comfy .
goes great with my computer label machine . it has great quality and peels of the back side very easily . i recommend !
they do the trick . and no more licking that awful glue.they ' re not deluxe or anything . but they do the job .
we use zebra pens in our office and they last well , write nice , and do what you want a fine tip pen to do .
i got it to read qr codes that i normally read from my smartphone . it will only read standard bar codes .
this works well with my canon mp460 printer . probably better to buy the high capacity cartridge , #51 instead ... it lasts longer .
this is a nice size to ship smaller items . bags all close properly and make it through the mails in one piece .
i saw this calculator really cheap and just figured i'd buy a couple for spare use . great display size and functionality is easy .
this is the best tape i have ever used . all scotch products seem to be of very high quality . i always buy scotch products
no issues , the product worked great , and fulfilled out need for label making . would recommend to others in need of this type of product .
i like that they are sturdy pocket dividers . i bought two packs and created a household notebook to organize my bills and important papers .
i've been using avery address labels for more than 10 years now . this newer easy peel is great . very happy with the ease of use and quality !
i love blake printing supply.when i print presentations now , full color ones , the paper costs more then the ink .
we were replacing our old set and this is an improvement . sound is clear and easy to use . would recommend .
i definitely recommend this product . very lightweight and it fits our laptop and a wireless mouse perfectly . we use this almost everyday
it arrived right on time . we used it right away & would order again . the cost per labrl is inexpensive .
these are awesome . durable , magnetic and a little cork-board ! ! ! i have bought 3 total and they all have been great .
gel ink pens write so nice and smooth . these are no exception . had to buy more because people keep walking off with them !
actually , the sound is better than any cordless phone or cell phone , but who will sacrifice convenience for that . not me
i'm cleaning and sorting out files . this and the other products i ordered meet my needs to complete my file organization .
i was out of business size envelopes . these are just what i needed , good quality , and it was handy to order them online .
this ink works fine in my printer . i recommend it to anyone who owes a canon printer . it is easy to install .
i love the pens and the colors are very vibrate and i love the way the smoothness of the pen glides on the paper . they're great ! ! !
they are the ink tanks that go in the printer i have , i have noother choice , therefore they gotta be great
this is good ink and i like that it has both colors together in the one pack . no complaint here .
these envelopes seal tight and protect your information by not letting people see thru . i really like them !
my ski club like to name name tags available so new members can meet people and these works great with all types of fabric .
is nasty . i don't why it charge too much . i think is only worth $ 0.25 . that's it . don't waster your money
the colors are a little more intense than a normal pastel , yet pretty . the paper is sturdy enough for light cards and prints nicely .
my late husband ordered this printer and i hated it . after he passed away , i gave it away to a church .
nice little pad of labels , good for taking to the post office with the address filled out if you are going to put a package together there
the labels work great and are just what one would want in printing labels . they are easily used in inkjet printer .
i have been using this 2 sided-tape for longer than i'd like to admit . it is a staple , go-to item with so many uses .
great folders and great price . thick . i use the sticky tabs instead of the tabs that came with this cause the always seem to come off
not cedar ! not sure why this came up in a search for cedar pencils . they almost feel and smell like plastic .
good eraser ... happy with this purchase i would buy this again . i shop on amazon for everything and think they are great !
this adapter rocks ! the web interface is very easy to use and i am already using two different sip providers with it .. works flawlessly over years !
half the price of the avery or similar products . heavy duty , handles the printer well , and does what it's supposed to do .
easy way to keep your shredder working for the long haul without messy oils . try the paper method and you ` ll be convinced for sure .
great product for keeping all types of folders in transition . also , good for sorting papers , since its purchased i have discovered multiple uses
i love it . it's light wight & moves around & i can get it where i need it to help back pain
i love post-its and these definitely get your attention . as usual the quality paper and adhesive are there and the color just " pops " .
its good quality ink and last as long as most printers inks do never had any problems with them just wish they lasted longer .
i gave this to my mom for her office . she loves it . it is whimsical and practical . you do have to buy the special refill .
i purchased these binders for gathering all my son's schoolwork together . they're strong and sturdy . just right for my needs .
this is the exact item in the description . package well , no of the folders were bent or anything , good value .
compatible with my lazer printer . use avery template . staays on envelope due to " permanent " adhesive .
ordered these then my hp printer failed . so i took a loss and sold them on amazon and got something for my trouble .
this is a great calculator , especially since the cover is a perfect size for inserting a business card when you give them as gifts ...
... a little more sturdy at the bottom and corners . not a lot of choices around for expandable file jackets . so i'll keep buying them .
great deal ! ! can use as much or as little for the project .
good quality paper , i would recommend this if you'd like paper delivered to your door instead of going to pick it up .
i'm really glad i found a place to buy these cutters , as it's geting harder and harder to find these box knives .
these scotch self-sealing laminating pouches , bag tags with loops , work well . they have been easy to use and stay sealed .
this has been helpful for reference charts , recipes , and other kinds of laminating chores . for the price , it works fine .
great product and fits the note cardsi make with my personal photographslazer printed and then i cut them with thealegator paper cutter ... from amazon.com
product seems to work fine , haven't had any issues so far . price is right , have had no problems with the printer .
these steadtler triplus fineliner pens are great . i love these pens . the colors are wonderful and they write beautifully . i highly recommend them .
it's a great product . well built , great quality ! quiet and most importantly it does the job . it cools down my laptop by 4-5 c degrees .
works well with my canon mp460 . better price getting the twin pack over individual packs .
nice simple machine for occasional faxing , i was really pleasantly surprised . this works so simply with large buttons but i have yet to refil cartridge .
these are great , highlight the areas you want and are easy to read thru . colors are most findable as are the words you want to highlite
these are my very favorite pens . i love how they write , i love the colors , and the price is great ! will definitely buy again !
i love the beach design , makes you want to run awaythe pad part is smaller than convenient to run two screens
works , my husband says it is ok . it does scratches easily however it doesnt effect the function of the product so he likes it .
not the item i was looking for ... but it works . i don't know if i would order again , i don't know
this was exactly what i needed for a price i was willing to pay . it's very sturdy and supports my macbook pro with no issues .
nice to buy your ink from a place where you can buy refills reasonably . bought the brother because the ink was cheaper .
these pens are very smooth and last forever ! a whole box will take care of whatever your pen needs are for quite some time !
bought these to use with my mp560 printer and the are great .. picture quality is great also .. got it quick to .
this one is really great . i mean , it is cheap enough and the quality is not bad at all . so ... great
high rating.great product for people in need of scotch tape and it's not always available in bundle packaging . i recommend it highly .
i use these item daily they do wonders and work well crisp clear clean marks that erase without leaving any marks whatsoever .
i am in the process of cleaning out my closet , getting rid of all tops i no longer wear . this envelope is perfect for shipping a t-shirt .
good shredder for general use . wheels make it easy to move around as necessary and it shreds everything with no problem .
these were easy to use and we enjoyed them . i used them to customize labels with my son's name on his band equipment . they worked great
i needed tape for my tape dispenser and i came across this . i love it . i don't have to by tape for a while now .
great device . easy to attach monitors and easy to setup on the desk . seems very sturdy . definitely recommend for anyone with dual monitors .
light weight and love it matches my pens . i needed an eraser because i kept wasting paper towels , totally worth it .
it is fast , and great to have 2 different label sizes . definitely makes organizing alot easier .
these are amazingly thin pens . they write like a needle , and are great for writing in small details / edits . great buy .
i love it . i stick a paper , and the magnets do the rest . no more holding papers while typing . and it's great for discretion too .
these are a great alternative to wrapping paper for long distance gifting . i will look forward to using for small mailings .
if you own a brother printer that uses this type of printer cartridges then this is definitely the way to buy them ..
sturdy , holds a lot of pages , helped me keep track of papers that need more immediate attention . great product , thx
i would consider buying this because im able to store pens while important paperwork i need to fill out or whatever
i no longer have this printer , as it died a while ago , but had no problem with the inks & they worked fine .
i haven't any experience with refilled cartridges - but the brother laser printer and the high capacity cartridge are true office work horses for me - always ready to perform
great door stops , ribbed on top and bottom . for really large gaps two can be interlocked and hold the door open .
i am a college student and needed a larger binder for all of my powerpoint slides . the binder is very durable and are hard to find locally .
these are great . very comfortable to write with , as well as fluid and vibrant . paper mate got these right . i recommend .
great binder for laminated studies ... the color is great too ! highly recommended ... sturdy and should last quite a long time ! d-ring too !
i will order again ~ served my many purposes & stuck well ! don't hesitate to order as the cutting edge was just fine also .
a local church needed this paper and requested it . when they received it , the church thanked me and stated how much it was needed in their offices .
thanks again i have to stay with the canon brand of ink , the other brands clogs up my printers . thank you once again
works well and easy to refill and no messy ink drops like some of the refillable cartridges i have tried .
when replacing the toner it is recommended that you clean the rollers and guide and this does the job for which i bought it for .
this pocket filer is very sturdy and comes in an adorable pink . very happy with it and would buy again .
i love these pens so much . i will order again when i need them . i use them for work , school and every day . awesome
i am very happy with this printer it prints well fast and nice quality for th e price no qualms here thanks amazon !
this is just the size of paper i was looking for . the price was much better than i could find locally .
this is a good pen ; it's the fatter type that is supposed to keep your hands from getting tired . shipper sent item quickly .
i'm still waiting , waiting , waiting for a printer and cartridge system that don't perpetually demand new fuel . these ink cartridges run out really quickly .
i love this pencil . it writes well , very very fewer break of the lead , and has a nice grip . worth every penny i spent .
i love this product . it's make every thing look nice . if you don't want be a mess person . get one
its clear but really sticky so watch for your fingers lolits affordable cheaper then my local storesits great for shipping
nice product , produces very good pics.nice heavy paper thats works well in my canon printer.should last a long time ! ! ! great
we have been purchasing this brand and like it very much . it was easy to order and receive . good service .
these sponges are a lot like the mr . clean magic erasers . they last longer though and dry faster as well . worked as intended .
great little stand . i use for my external hard drives to allow heat to dissipate . i also used for my ps3 to avoid overheating .
in life you can never have enough note pads conveniently located . this adds to my supply . a bit small but as described .
got this because i go to conventions and needed something to store my autographs in so they don't get ruined . perfect .
easy set up . easy to use . flat slim design . a bit long though . i would have preferred something more compact or square .
i buy these all the time . best pencil around . no sharpening needed . i have some in every room . buy it . price is good too .
the hardest part is deciding what size to choose . they are an indispensable tool in my office - which make going through tons of paperwork a breeze .
these worked well and inexpensively for a small confernce . i made labels for the outside and they looked fine . inside fit a business card .
what is there to say about a box of paperclips ? they're small but will do for whatever i need to paperclip together .
i have had my previous panasonic phones for 7 or 8 years and probably the battery was wearing down . i decided to upgrade to the newer model .
love these paint markers and i'm still using them til this day well for a little bit , too pretty to use them
cardstock seems to be of a good weight , it is really white compaired to my other cardstock , great price
i can't drive so to order it on line is great for me . i don't have to ask anyone to drive me to the store .
nice tape at a good price . goes on easy on package and sticks well . comes with nice tape holders that work well
the package says it is for laser or inkjet . it works just fine in my inkjet with no smudges and ink dries quickly.good product .
awesome pens and they really do erase ! i hate pencils and this prevents me from having to use white out.brilliant
these pens don't over bleed or run , they are smooth . i like them . i am glad i got a case of 12 ... !
no smudging , no pulling off the sheet when printing , and they come off easily when desired . no complaints on these labels .
a wonderful assortment of bright colors , and highlights items like needed . i would definitely purchase more when i need them !
fine for pin board . only needed two for my little posting board . stores were all sold out as school term had just started .
purchased this for our office supply to use with a scotch laminator . works as expected . laminated products are smooth and well preserved . great price and value .
good value for 100 rings . seem to be durable and close nicely . i use these for binding journals and will probably use some for keychains as well .
these tabs are reusable and easy to use . i recommend them for every job .
what's not to like about a mouse pad that does its job without eating the mouse ? if you need a pad , try this one .
found myself using these handy little strips for labeling all kinds of things ... you will too !
this laminator is very easy to use and does an excellent job . there is a wide variety of laminating pouches available for use with this system .
these are one of my favorite highlighters ... small like a pen and very bright.plus the combination of colors is perfect .
this was way bigger than i originally thought . it fits amazingly in my office . i can put everything on it .
very strong and sturdy tape - - great for sealing up boxes . doesn't add misc weight on your boxes like the clear scotch tape .
this is the best quality ink for the price and delivers all the colors i need it one easy-to-install package !
pretty nice envelopes for mailing dvds , books , and cds . for 32.00 for this many envelopes it's a very nice price .
the kids love the colors and they are sturdy ! they were a great price and came quickly , which is always a plus ! !
this lead is good quality , and predictable lead that does exactly what it's supposed to do . it's strong enough , but also marks boldly .
i like these a lot . the notes are colorful and just the right size . they stick well , are handy , and work very well .
these are great . the fix on my bookshelf with no problems and all the clutter i had on my desk are gone .
these are easy to use and of good quality . i've got the laminator from this company and they work very well together .
i can even write on it or stick notes on it . it's durable and the color is not offending . it'll last me quite a while .
these are going to save me so much time i love it . no more having to spend time taping labels in place .
the only white-out i use anymore are these . good price on internet and buy several at a time so don't get frustrated when they run out .
printed well and stayed with lines . best part is easy peel . they keep rows between labels free , so a snap to peel . recommend .
look nice works wellbe sure to keep the size in mind when ordering .. it is a good size but it is not for a board room lol
good high quality tabs . wont break easily . looks nice and stands out boldy when applied to the folder . what more can you ask for ?
i have had this scale for over a year now . it does exactly what it supposed to . measures accurate weight as well !
this is a pretty old fashioned type sharpener . i attached it easily , in my pantry , of all places . it comes in handy all the time .
we are very impressed with this calculator . the solar power works , calculator is handy and the keys are perfect , works like a charm
this is a thicker tape than i expected for the price . yeas there is 164 ' on each roll , i would recommend this product
the xl cartridges are awesome ! they last longer than the standard ink cartridges and only cost you a little more . can't go wrong with this xl cartridge .
better price here than at staples . good quality product and i didn't have to use gas in the car to go and get it .
i like these because they are small highlighters . i kind of with that it would have said something in the description though .
very sturdy and solid . does its job in an excellent way and take away the staples like charm . . .
i am glad that i have these . they worked very well and i cannot complain . great ink replacements for me .
this is great tape . i love this brand and i use a lot of it . it is great for mailing packages .
the product is original it's is very good and it last longer than generic ones i would recommend this item
these are simple , standard manila folders . i use these all day for organizing various papers.quality seems good . no ripping on the fold / bend yet .
have a lot of printers at home and always need ink of some flavor , i always try to stay with hp if possible
i don't know how this ink works for pictures compaired to original manufacturer's ink , but it does wonderfully for basic printing .
this is the best pen especially for legal documents , never seems to run out and is ready to go when needed .
good for what we used them for . cheap and you get a lot of them . we are still using them and have a lot more to go .
this set is fine for occasional use when needing some rough measurements . i use this at work when doing some re-engineering of parts for our shop .
this has got to be the first calculator i've ever owned that i truly love . it's just the best . highly recommend it .
my scotch heated laminator has both a 3 mil and 5 mil setting and these work fine on the 5 mil setting . no complaints .
the multiple sizes increase the number of uses . the bright colors are great . sticks very well and very easy to write on .
the paper is of good quality and you get your moneys worth box with three package of 500 sheets 92 brightness works well for my needs
what can i say about these ? they do the job well , and you can buy them from amazon . a no-brainer .
i was worried because the price is so good but they fit the printer pefectly and arrived quickly . it's all good .
this is a great printer . this photos are crystal clear and does not fade after printing . i would recommend this printer to the beginner photographer
wonderful for mailing just about anything that fits.also fits documents . cost less than cardboard . i would make this purchase again !
this is good ink , but a person has to shop a lot to find a reasonable price .
very comfortable office chair . a great find . cheap and reliable . would buy another if i needed a second office chair .
this paper work excellently with my ink jet printer . no bleeding through or smudging , a perfect print job on every page .
these are very good and high quality . they are very sturdy and gets the job done great without having trouble .
great product , great price go ahead and buy this paper it has good quality and great color background for great appearance
these brightly colored post-it file tab labels are perfect for highlighting those files that are constantly in use . a great way to stay organized .
great product , love the flow of the ink and the grip . would order again as needed . highly recommend this product
it erases . and erases some more . and continues to erase . really though , it's fine for whiteboards / markers . i've never used it on chalk .
these are perfect for printing your own address labels . works well with an inkjet printer . prints clear and they stick nicely to envelopes
very sturdy . not a lightweight like the ones i've had before . i am giving this one to my church for their office use ..
they work ! they do just what they're supposed to do ! what more can i say even though they want me to say more !
these little things are so handy for labeling keys , thanks so much ! i thought the price was good for how many were in the box .
my wife is a paster . she makes a lot of copies of her studies for her fellow pasters . this printer makes live a lot easier .
seems good quality and sturdy .. may review again after few trials since i just used it very few times since i bought it
we have used this paper to make brochures for a real estate business . it does the job well and have not experienced any problems .
this is an excellent quality paper , i used it to create photo christmas cards , and special gift photos . it does a good job !
of course the ultimate test would to be in a fire . lets hope that i never have to test it .
this is the standard issued stapler for the seattle public schools before 1998 . it is very reliable and durable . jamming was minimal .
i'd like to review this item , but since ordering it over a month ago , it still hasn't come .
no rocket science here . it's a binder . it works . the rings are easy to open and close . ' nuff said !
these are great pens . easy to write with and are comfortable in the hand . black really stands out , no bleeding , and fine point .
ordered this for my friend over 6 months ago . he loves . he wishes it was gel though . he says the wrist rest is hard .
comfortable grip . writes well . smooth point with accurate control nice color . good all purpose pen for daily use . would recommend it .
good basic printer . it is used in business.it does a good job printing text pages . we really don't use it for photos .
very good organizer keep things neat an orderly would recommend this for any desk thank you very much love it . bjwolf
i love this binder . the material makes this very durable and easy to wipe clean . it holds a lot of papers and will keep you organized .
fell off the bottom of my car after i went over a bump i have contacted the manufcturer in attempt to retrurn it
oh , this is great ... i put it up in my spare closet and put manualsin it ... great product and is everything the ad said .
not much to write about a stapler lol , but it works well and hasnt let me down at college . buy it
we wanted to put a tag on every one of our bags thus helping us find our bags , it worked nicely .
standard yellow legal pads at a good price , perforated for easy tear out . i use these at work for taking notes .
while these ink cartridges fit , they are not well marked . i had trouble to tell which was which but worked it out .
i use this for papers i don't want to misplace . it appears sturdy and functional . i could use a few more .
gets the job done . i was just looking for a cheap envelope opener , instead of getting paper cuts on my hands all the time . works fine .
bought this for the refill , as it was cheaper than the refill ! weird
not sure how i would have used these but my husband has found all sorts of uses for them and loves them !
these cartridges work very well in my canon printer . for better picture quality these use cartridges . the color is much better than any i've used .
i a love the magnets , i study all the time and use this everyday , great sturdy material and have since ordered other products similar .
i have had hp printers for a very long time , and have found the original hp inks to be superior to any other .
if you haven't tried a sharpie before , i'm not really sure what to tell you other than , they are a great permanent black marker . :)
these pouches work great . we use them for all sorts of things . they are clear and seal nicely . i highly recommend .
lightweight and super sharp . this is a pleasure to use in my classroom . the finger guard is a nice feature .
perfect for every day printing where you want a heavier stock , though a bit overkill for most printing needs where 20 # paper will suffice
they are just so handy ... pentel clic eraser grip retractable eraser with grip , assorted barrels ... love these and the fact that they retract .
these wilson jones basic round ring 1 " view binders came in a timely fashion boxed with my other orders , were just as advertised
this tape is a lot better and easier to use than tape i recently bought from usps . the price is good for 6 rolls !
this bubble wrap is easy to handle . i mail out a lot of glasswareand it is wonderful to use and not too expensive .
not much to say . bought 2 - - at this price , can you go wrong ?
nice heavy duty security envelope that has a self sealing edge and does exactly what it is advertised to do .
these are a well made staple am pleased with product would order again an a good brand.fit my new stapler petfectly .
i use these to take notes on paper . i like them just as well as sharpies . i will buy them again when i run them dry !
i always used avery for mailing and shipping labels , and these are the larger sized ones for boxes , etc . like them .
now my office looks like a real office ! ! ! i hate the twelve more words requirement . don't need to say anymore ! ! i am happy .
agree the top trays are poor design for a full ream of paper . but this organizes most of my printing supplies in one corner .
good quality , sides are cut smoothly , no tear or uneven edges . does what it's supposed to do and organizes my files perfectly .
gave as gifts . they loved them . i ordered one for me too & i am getting used to it now
i like the non-reflective finish but these are a good way to protect frequently used pages of information like phone list .
i use these to mark the pages i'm reading when i'm reading books . they are easy to dispense and use . love them !
stick well . easy to write upon . large enough to stand out , but does not over whelm your files or tabs .
this ink prints black in a nice clear way . no problems with streaking , clogging or anything . does the job well .
it met all my expectations and does what it is supposed to do . easy to operate when put to the task .
i put it in my printer and it makes colors on the paper ... what more can i ask ?
these are nice and inexpensive enough that you can have a few with a different inks in them to easily sway in and out between pens .
this is a new refill from hp and i use this only for all my three printers - i've always had great results with their products in inkjet refills .
this is not the heavy duty ( black ) battery . this battery is the type that comes with the original telephones .
this was a great buy ! great value . these shelves are very sturdy , and not an eyesore . a must for any office needing the organization .
unbeleiveable delivery on this item . excellent product at a great price . has really helped clean out my file drawers fast .
works great for large heavy duty staples to be removed from larger sized bundles of sheets . saves a lot of tugging and pulling to get the staples out .
worked just fine . as i wasted money on non oem cartridges that i bought on amazon , i tried this and worked excellent
good office stapler and has different thickness to chose from . easy to change staples . pretty much walks you thru it .
the graph paper fits the product description . i have no complaints with it except that i wish that it had smaller squares .
i sent some glass jars overseas and wrapped it in the bubble wrap . everything got there safely so i guess this works .
the fellows powershred works very well . it shreds sheets of papers in minutes . it also shreds credit cards with ease.indeed an awesome product !
this set has a good variety of sizes - i was especially interested in getting some of the smaller ones - more than meets my needs .
this item works as its intended . i would purchase again if needed . works well with my lamy fp . give it a shot !
durable , reliable , easy to set up and use , adequate range for 2nd unit , and satisfactorily stylish . no complaints so far .
my daughter and i love to write with sharpies . we do lots of projects and we are always needing black .
for such a cheap price , these are very useful . nowadays , with all the purchases we make with our debit cards , it's nice to have extras .
the stickiness is just right . the post it notes are superior to no names .
great cash drawer . i've been using it for craft shows for a few months . comes with two keys , compartments are great , lock works fine .
bankers box home organization cubby storage bin is easy to assemble and is sturdy for cardboard . good for storing things . handles are handy .
all i can say is this works flawlessly and for a long time . keep an extra on hand because when it is done , that's it !
the price was cheat and i got it the next day , what more can i say . i was saved a trip to office max .
this is a very nice product to serve as index guides or bookmarks . they're not as big as similar products , but are writeable and very useful .
good quality packaging tape for packing those boxes . the tape works well enough and is strong enough for holding boxes for moving or packaging gifts .
paper tag key rings can be written on and stored easily . great if you have extra keys you need to organize
great for projects that need small print and permanent marking love the various colors . would recommend to friends and family .
this is a great set of pens - nice range of colors and they are comfortable to hold and flow well . no complaints .
primacolor premier colored woodcase pencils 12 assorted colors / setare just the perfect set of lots of nice colors and leads seem sturdy .
the person who received the box as a gift loved it . it is very unique .
this stool is very sturdy feeling , and it stores in a small space . i also think it will last a very long time .
these cartridges work just as advertised and do a great job . i'd recommend them to anyone with a cannon printer .
a very user friendly fax machine . no bells and whistles . works like a charm every time . i highly recommend for a cheap fax .
i use these pens almost everyday . i like them and they do the job without globbing up on the paper like some ballpoints do .
i have a laser printer and these work amazing for printing return labels . i would order these again , and will , when i run out .
nice hard clipboards that will last a long time and are easy to use . very good quality and came with three .
look at the measurements before you buy - - these are the really tiny ones . seems more like 1 " x 1 "
a good ink with free shipping availability . i buy ink only with original printer manufacturer brand .
these labels always fit the cds properly and work well with the memorex software that i purchased several years ago .
always handy and useful ! i find that these more practical than spiral notebooks , less messy and much larger this is purely a personal preference !
i love the fit , i have big hands.they are very nice to use and the ink flows smooth .
if you are printing pictures , ther is no better ink - don't use refills or refill cartridges yourself . i've had no success with that .
i got these for my daughter's printer , and it is still going strong . will defiantly get this again . if it ever runs out .
the price on these cartridges is much than the local office supply store , and the paper is a nice bonus , even if i never used it .
it feels good and soft . i think it's worth a few more dollars for it being antimicrobial to keep your hands clean .
it's a sharpie ... very useful to have around a workbench for use when a pencil won't work . cheaper than at the store .
works well just like all 3m products . provides great protection for all kinds of cards , both thick and thin , even pictures
this calculator worked perfectly for my finance class - easy to use and no issues whatsoever . highly recommend for your finance needs ! thanks !
kodak is a great name .. when i needed glossy photo paper for my printer , i purchased kodak ... glad i did .
these are so nice . no static that stick to everything . they are perfect for light weight shipping . great ! love them !
the finish on the scotch magic tape is so unassuming . it was on every present that i wrapped this year and will be next year too !
it's doesn't fray , nor is it hard to pull off . it's a bit pricey , but otherwise it does the job . quality is there .
it's not fancy , but it's solid . i've been using it to practice my first presentation with a clicker and it's flawless .
these little post-its are the best and the fruit prints on the side are so cute . i love them and they look good enough to eat .
5 star ratinggood quality and pricing for a large pack.would recommend to anyone for personal or office use .
it's tape . i bought it to wrap xmas presents . it sufficiently adheres to things . not much else to say here !
great to keep organized - looks great on my desk . i am so very happy that i purchased this tray .
arrives as ordered . the are great but not for over usage ( daily ) .
love these . they stay on when other post its do not.no downside . they do not leave a residue or otherwise mar the surface they are attached to .
what can you say about ink cartridges . best value for the money when they are not being sold at normal outlets
i haven't counted the copies but i have done many . good product . doesnt smear , dry up , good solid color . i recommend .
these earaers don't smear , and don't seem to crumble or leave a lot of eraser residue behind which is nice .
seem to work well enough . gives a quick reading and , i assume , it accurate ( haven't had any mail returned due to insufficient postage ) .
i cant say enough good things about brother products . i have had really good luckwith them . i have three brother printers and they all work great ! !
i use these cartridges for my hp 5610 and am always pleased . have tried some off-brand ink cartridges and regretted it .
great paper in a manageable size box . great for a smaller office or a home . good quality . good value for the cost .
there isn't much else to be said . good quality for a fair price . i will , most likely , buy it again .
best stapler i've ever had . lightweight but can handle the tough jobs without jamming . i recommend ig to every one .
this is a prettier version of the old basic brown cardboard collapsible file folder only with a velcro closure instead of a tie . nice blue color .
great product great price , easy to use always adheres to packaging . does not lift and peal off , love it use it all the time .
these file folder labels come in multi-colors for color coding . easy to apply , clean , quick and professional looking . nice product--highly recommended ! ! !
i bought this a couple of years ago & am just now writing a review . it is sturdy & easy to shred papers which i am constantly doing .
top quality tape easy to apply , easy to tear off the roll itself and easy clean up when you are finished with it's use
envelope quality is okay , but i wonder what they used for glue because it doesn't stick . get out the scotch tape !
these markers are always a good product . it's nice to have 12 of them b / c you just never know when you will need more !
not sexy , but it works . and this was a very reasonable price . i shop around and this represents good value .
i think this mousepad is really cute , it's bright and the wrist pad is very comfortable . a great buy if you like bright office accessories .
these are nice if you don't need to worry about bending them . there are sturdier tabs if you plan on using them long term .
from the very beginning , i bought this canon cli - 8 cartridge series to maintain canon quality ; as expected , i got it .
this is a great pencil sharpener . . . we picked it up on lightening special for pretty cheap and the quality has been great :)
this steel frame works very well and very well made . very easy to assele as well . so far these are the best ones ever . thank you .
great for photos . as advertise and worked out nicely . only 4 stars because i thought it would be thicker , but that was just my expectation .
i purchased these to hold art supplies . they work well for that . i've never had a broken one and the hinges always work tightly . good product .
expensive , but always does the job ! when it goes on sale , i buy more . otherwise , take a chance on 3rd party inks .
i was kinda disappointed that mead chose to make this notebook wide-ruled . apart from that , this would otherwise be an excellent notebook .
not much i can say about it . these are good cartridge refills . they fit good and so far i have not have any troubles with the leaks .
this is a lovely ink . it's not dark , nor is it light , but i would call it ... meditative . .
the hp color printer cartridge prints the colors it is supposed to and is fairly crisp .
a useful item to to use to keep track of important papers while traveling the extra velcro pocket is a nice addition
worked how we needed them to . reasonably priced . basic dual pocket folders in multi colors . great for school or business .
these work great ... the nice thing about them is you can remove them easily ... hold power is very strong for such a versatile adhesive tape ...
these are the best pens ever ! very smooth , ink colors are nice and dark enough to see . i will definitely buy more of these
works very well , heats evenly and comes out of the machine nice and smooth without bubbles or wrinkling . great for craft projects !
i've use it with a canon pixma printer and i'm very satisfied with the result . it's good quality photo paper at an affordable price .
these papers are great quality . i highly recommend to anyone . not cheap at all ! goes great with my office printer .
i got this printer over a year ago , it seen very bad days , but it still works like a charm , very happy with it !
this is quality piece to put on my desk at work . it's modern looking and has a nice weight to it . great quality . recommended
what a great price on a box of 12 red dry erase pens . they are low odor as promised and work great !
i purchased this drum unit to have as a backup . product arrived in the condition and of a quality that i expected .
this was shipped very promptly and works great in my canon pixma ip4500 . the only problem is after i ordered it my printer gave up .
great new design for a tape dispenser . more convenient to hold and use . great colors . works wonderfully ! i recommend it for every office and student !
i love clicking sharpies . so convenient and looks great every time . consistent and reliable . bright vibrant colors and never any fading .
i made a mistake an didnt look at the size of these i wanted normal size but next time ill read they are useless to me gave to kids .
as usual this is an office purchase for us . we like the quick service and quality product . we'll be sure to buy again .
i tested already and im satisfied with the product . love all the things it does . like the drawer . would recommend to anyone . thank you .
these are required to use my printer , so they do the job they are intended for . the price is average .
sheets are clear , durable and does its job . i got a 2nd box of it , really good deal for the quality .
works well with my new laser printer . however , you can buy the same quality of paper at wal-mart for less money .
for the price this was a steal telecommute 45 % of my time and it eliminates running up to fedex and ups to scan and fax pleadings .
what can i say other than it is labels and they work as they should . great price and performance . buy now
it's not super heavy / thick metal but it does the job well.nice black finish . perfect size for smaller books or dvd's .
my wife is enjoying this sketch book very much . the paper is very nice quality and it is great to have a sketch book in a larger format .
came as described and before its shipping estimated date . i use it for the home office so the amount of envelopes is perfect for me . thanks !
this is reasonably priced and sturdy . i find i prefer using this for printing out knitting patterns , recipes , and mapquest directions .
they have really improved the all in one printers . this one is great for printing off your ipad . very nice printer with reasonably price supplies .
we used these to organize our giant totes of dvd's . i love that you can label them on the front . they are really good quality too .
this stanley bostitch premium standard staples is surely great ! however , just for private use , i do not think i need so many staples ...
these are good quality pushpins . i expected something amazing for the price and wasn't terribly impressed , but am satisfied with my purchase .
simply put , a great alternative to expensive oem toners . if you don't need high end perfection , this is fine for you .
i use it to keep my binder organized . it arrived promptly and in great condition . i love using the colorful tabs to keep me organized .
nice folders , i like the different colors and the large tabs these are good manila folder , nothing more to say about a folder .
love these envelopes.easy to use and money saver for shipping.easy to pack and seal . i would recommend it to everyone.great price too
this item is great has all the colors in one set no need to purchase them apart . i would recommend this item
anything avery makes has always left me happy . these top loading plastic sheet protectors are no exception . they keep those certain pages clean and safe .
wanted 1 label per sheet , but these will do fine for most of my needs - - especially printing out pre-paid postage for ups or postal service .
i bought 2 packs these are great have not used a lot but , have not broke and they come already presharpened and the price was good !
i first seen a organizing consultant use these on a youtube video.they really straiten out a filing system . i can not say enough good about them
while i like the way these pens write , i don't like how long the ink takes to dry and how freely the ink flows .
so smooth and nice . best mousepad i've had ... much better than the fabric surface . . . . . .
very sturdy and useful item . i just wish it was either clear or blue-colored . other than that , a good product .
i love the price and quality of this product ! i print a lot so it is very economical . thank you !
kind of pricy for what they are but everything costs so much more these days . so far , they do not leak
not so great , i don't like this , it not do anything to your computer . bye bye no more buy for this
the allsop metal art monitor stand is a really great sturdy flat screen monitor holder that can fit an entire 17 " toshiba laptop under it !
these labels are the perfect size and slid through the printer with no problems whatsoever . 3m is always reliable , and this is another great product .
item arrived as described and works fine with our printer . i just wish that ink for printers wasn't so expensive ! !
these are a must-have for ebayers & other shippers using usps pre-paid postage . at over 20 cents per label , i just wish they weren't so darn expensive .
this ink lasts well and works well in my printer . i always stick to the brand name and have had zero problems with printing .
great for name tags or for labels in a pinch . no complaints ! and avery's downloadable templates make things easy to customize .
what can you say about a laminator . it performs well . it seals documents as expected - especially with the pockets sold by scotch .
bought the laminating machine when it was a prime member special and needed these . i have nearly used them up as they are great .
i use them for my art work presentations and they are very handy and easy to take things in and out.thanks .
i love to doodle . these pens make it fun . i bought them to assist in my journaling . i have been having fun using them .
this is a very nice scale . small so doesn't take up much space . very easy to use . i would recommend it . fast shipping from amazon .
these are great and super strong ! you can see through them perfectly and they perseve the paper really well . i like it !
sturdy , well-made , work cleanly and efficiently . the colors are bright , and they make homework fun for the hesitant child ! a pleasure to use .
these tags are very handy for labeling folders , etc . i use them to organize craft supplies . a basic item that does the job .
excellent product . too expensive for the amount of ink in cartridge . havenever had a problem , however , with the exception of cash flow .
this glue works as advertised . a bit too sticky but gets the job ( s ) done . i have no problem recommending this for craft projects .
if you're luck you might get 500 pages from this toner cartridge instead of the listed and described 2500 pges . that makes it too expensive
product is sturdy , large enough , is decent looking and highly adjustable , for my 24 inch lcd monitor - . great value for the money .
putting this up on a wall and hanging two frames off them and then struggling to pull those frames off is good enough for me ! 5 stars .
keep your documents , legal papers , and important papers organized . stapler is easy to use . uses standard size staples . great for office or home .
i always buy name-brand ink after having so much trouble with off brands . amazon sells this at a decent price .
it's no going to cure cancer , it will not erase the tax deficit , and most importantly , it won't introduce the real charlie
i made a wallet from this with the help of some book tape and an instructable . make one ! now ! do it word count !
the color is perect , and it is very comfortable . the extra width at the ends is very nice and supportive as well .
it is a cannon product so you know it is high quality . i always buy cannon products because they are consistent and of the highest quality .
works well and love the intercom system ( good for up and downstairs ) buttons light up when you press them . lots of features .
works in our printer , as expected . decent value . longevity was typical for a standard set of cartridges . cheaper in the combos .
i love this hands free speakerphone . the buttons also have large numbers which are very easy to read
this scale is a great value , it works perfectly every time . it is ready within a few seconds of turning on , and gives consistent accurate weights .
these are handy , easy to use basic tear away stubs . i like the matte finish . avery has quality products . recommended
i expected nothing less from paper mate than top quality item . the pink peril is just that , never changes from one to the other .
these note tabs are perfect for use in moleskines . they're heavyweight and colorful and are a great way to add sections or categories to your pocket journals .
feeds through the printer fine . makes great copies . good weight paper . recommend . wish they would have sent me a whole case .
we're making project boards for social studies and science and these sharpies work great for writing big poster boards . will buy again .
really like the product . , stick well & the dispenser are great i use in my mailing business . would recommend for business or home use
these feature a good strong adhesive since it's 3m . the velcro part is just about normal ; that doesn't seem any stronger than normal velcro .
works as advertised , these don't fall off like regular post-it notes would . just the right thing for " semi-permanent " use .
always easy to install ; lasts a long time . gets most out of whatever brand or style of printer you have .
simple to use , definitely easier than the the ones that you squeeze . if used carefully , doesn't tear the paper . very good product .
we have a dymo label printer . the label quality is perfect . we constantly run labels for fed-ex & usps . the labels stick & ink doesn't smudge .
i really can not have enough pens . these pens are perfect for everyday use .
excellent quality prints , it's fast , easy to set up , the wireless is very responsive and the quality of the photos is fantastic !
the cartridge is made very well and goes well with my canon printer , it help to have ink for all project that you would have to do
this xl hp cartridge has lasted a little bit longer than the standard size . in an effort to becoming more environmentally friendly , this purchase was made .
works as advertised . makes wrapping presents easier and faster . just the right size pieces of tape . very convenient to use everyday as a desktop tape dispenser .
what else is there to say ? it is not special . no three ring binder is special . it holds three hold punched paper .
this cartridge is oem and does the job . i will order more . the high yield is the way to go ; saves $ $ .
not much more to say , never had a problem with the ink though i seem to go through it rather quickly .
i use sheet protectors a lot - for everything from my knitting patterns to recipes.excellent quality . i'll buy this brand again !
my daughter saw these items and decided they would perfect for her . we used them over and over again on posters and fridge .
paper slips ar all the same in my opinion . so just went for the cheapest . even cheaper on smazon than walmart or costco .
thiner than any other mouse pad i have bought , but holding up ok so far after 6 months . pretty cheap price online .
sometimes colored ink helps for orginazation and distinction . these are good pens . i am pleased and they rarely get mistaken for others and taken .
excellent product . somewhat involved assembly but goes together fairly easily . very stable . highly adjustable . couldn't be happier for using the laptop from the couch .
grst kid ! ! ! someon nrrfd to take jack potty liked it it rolls and is study only five more wotrds one
these avery labels are top-notch . they worked great in both my printer and my copier . i would purchase them again for sure .
descriptionbasic standard small ( 1 1/4 " - long ) paperclips in a usable cardboard storage box . evaluationgood for clipping several pages together .
not too much to say--this is a direct canon replacement for canon ink . the ink gives good black and the printer is overall good .
nothing spectacular about this mouse pad . do not use it anymore because i have acquired a cordless mouse which uses laser technology .
golly suzam . excellent product and as the name indicates it is very good . fast shipping and came with dispenser.gooood . go for it .
works just fine . not sure what to say . i use it for work . its glossy photo paper . for when you don't want regular paper .
this rubber door stop stays better than the plastics door stops . it is big enough and much better than others
this is ink for my printer . it goes right onto the paper just exactly how it's supposed to , so i'm pretty happy about it .
it works well . much cheaper at walmart but i was in a hurry to get some school supplies while battling sickness so i just ordered it .
nothing fancy about these retractable pens . no caps to lose . ink lasts , smooth fine-point ink . my favorite of many pens .
bought this for my husband to use after a serious surgery . it works pretty well on our carpet which is pretty dense .
came on time , as usual . no words to describe as this is a product that i use all of the time .
these permanent markers work well . they provide the bold print i wanted but with the fine point you can still write small letters without everything smearing together .
to those looking for a quality photo printer , this is a very user friendly , quality printer . the color is exceptional .
oem or factory cartridges are always best and this one works perfectly . simply plug , play and print with no headaches .
i grade all my papers and write countless messages to students with these . also , when i'm power grading , organizing homework by pen color actually helps !
just right for those that need big numbers , caller id and one button answering ! the price is right , the phone always works , no batteries needed !
loved it it is very convenient very workable i have one at home and one at my office . its not all over the place and easy to access .
this is wonderful strong tape in a useful dispenser.it ' s everything you want , and i would definitely get more in the future .
just got it and used it . it's more secure because , unlike my old one , this one ' cross cuts ' and destroys credit cards , too .
this is , without question , the best type ink to use in a hp printer ... we use nothing but hp printers in our home operation .
this ink has never failed . seem to go through it twice a year ( and i print out about a dozen pages daily ) .
decent ink , but comes with a syringe with out the needle or a fine tip for refilling . use rubber gloves
what can you say about paper ? it's really white , it's really cheap , and this stack will take me forever to go through .
i really like the color assortment and that they are removable . they will help me get organized , i hope !
this product works as advertised . what are there to say about a simple bookend . it simply works . the size is right and it works
after going through many shredders this one takes the prize ! it shreds through multiple sheets of paper , doesn't short out , and works great .
i like the fact that all the colors come in one package , it last about six months but i wish it would last longer .
i got these rolls of wrap for doing a lot of packing to ship . much bigger roll and twice as much for the price of staples brand .
excellent cover up's for your mis-printed envelopes . the perfect size to cover up most addresses . sticks well , prints excellent . removes from the sheet easily .
great buy for the money and really like the fine point of each pen . thanks
these are great colors to add life to all your projects . my 10 year old daughter loves sharpies and these are no exception .
quality product . clear and crisp . worked great in my laminating machine . great price and perfect size for business cards or id cards .
great scanner . low profile , and only a usb connection . i am not thrilled with provided software , but it works .
this is a great size for my extra coupons . i organize them by date of expiration and i'm sure not what i did without it before !
its ok but the pentel graph gear 1000 automatic drafting pencil is much better .
helps to keep your shredder working smoothly , especially if you are a heavy duty user .
i bought this paper for mostly cards and scrapbooking and i am so glad i did . the quality is great and the colors are excellent .
i really wanted to like this product . it's a nice concept . the only problem was that the adhesive wasn't very strong .
product works great and i have no issues . large pack should last a long time . would definitely buy this again
these feed just as well as any name brand labels in my laser printer , they print crisp and saved me a ton . i highly recommend these !
what can i say . it's canon and it works well in my canon printer - better than any substitutes i have tried .
it works , i needed a corded landline in case of emergencies in a power outages , and this phone does the trick .
i bought this to keep my meetings organized . it has really held up so far and i love the purple color .
i got this to put my artist trading cards in . and the dr , s cards , and any small items that i can think of .
works great - easy tear - can not notice it on christmas packages - comfortable dispenser and highly affordable ! what more can ya want in tape ? ?
much better than a standard mouse pad . a little garish for my taste and i wish that the rest was a tad softer but i'm lovin ' it !
i've used several of them now and they have all worked without exception . the pricing is competitive with refilling and they are more reliable than refilled ones .
works very well for school projects and does not drain the batteries as other pointer / presenters have for me in the past .
don't understand the purpose of these - precut labels are more efficient . there is no point to this product . i would not pay for it .
this is a handy option to keep those invaluable post-it notes handy . they are in sight , and not as apt to walk off or become misplaced .
good . i like it . it looks good on my billy book stand and 1 i am using in my bed room ... . its good .
i used pro paper before but needed something cheaper for printing on the spot . everyone who purchased photos that day was very happy .
these note tabs work great in our office and help identify projects underway and completed . we could have used one more color but that's okay we will improvise .
super strong magnet . no worries that it'll fall off . large enough for a couple keys . highly recommended ! ! life saver for sure .
it's a calendar and works as it should . would recommend it to anyone . simple yet effective . recommend to any one .
these envelopes were the right size for my job . there is nothing special about them , but if you need this size envelope , go with this one .
putting down a line of color and then seeing the gold slowly appear as a halo is just the coooooolest thing . i love these pens .
nice phones . perfect sound . the phones are well made . they work perfectly , what more can one say about a telephone ? kenwebmasterabout facts net
this tape is great to use as you can tear it by hand anywhere you wish . sticks well and just a joy to use . thank you , jeff
this mousepad does have a sticky bottom so it's easy to keep it in place . i also like the cushiony feel under my wrist .
if you do alot of typing and want your papers to be quality than this is the ream to buy !
perfect shipping labels . i've used them for both hand written addresses and to print on and both ways work great . good product .
i had these at work & these are the pens i prefer to use . i like it that is a click stick .
these are great labels , really easy to use . i just format and run through the laser printer .
i love these colorful avery page markers . the bright hues make them easy to spot . they are also a great for file folders . highly recommended .
excellent paper for our canon ix6520 printer . this works perfectly in the rear paper feed . the prints on this paper are simply excellent !
product arrived in the condition and of a quality that i expected . i love the cork backing and stability of the stainless steel .
its tape it did its job for me it tape well and the roller which it is on did well also
i love the quality of canon ink . unfortunately my canon pixma that i bought this for crapped out shortly after purchasing the ink . :(
great ink . i only use canon ink in my canon printer . tried others before and they were never as good , nor did they work as well .
love this gadget ! does a really great job , pencils are nice and sharp in short order ; i won't use my manual sharpener much anymore .
these are fine , but a bit pricey . i find remanufactured to work just as well for a fraction of the cost .
bought these over a year ago and i'm still using the same package . still the same price ( i see ) with prime .
these are inexpensive and lots of fun . the colors are vibrant and varied . great for crafts etc . we'd buy them again .
we have been doing wood burning and this has been perfect for transferring our image onto the wood . we have then used it for other projects as well .
this is the perfect quantity for home use and it is easier to store in my office at home . very satisfied with the price and quantity .
i use this in a photo lab and the results are awesome . great photo output and recommended for commercial use .
nice to be able to put stickers on things and yet remove them when you want . these work great . nice colors and sizes , too .
very lightweight oil . will not gum up the mechanism . it has a very narrow spout for easy application .
the non-slip cork base really make this an awesome ruler . it's easy to read lettering combined with accurate markings make this a no-brainer purchase !
good quality prints at a very good price . paper strength as disappointing but the images were vivid , but not the best photo quality
these are great ! they stick very well , plenty of space for writing an address , and seem very durable . will purchase in the future !
there are cheaper labels out there , but avery usually gives consistent results . the dark backing allow you to re-use boxes so that's a big plus .
i found that this white pen was not as opaque as other white gel pens i have used , so i probably would not purchase this one again .
i am lazy and it was cheaper online so i totally think it is a good idea to buy tape here .
for what you need this is what works good . i use this to do everything on my computer . bright and lets you see printing clear .
this arrived well packaged and came with no bent corners , etc . my pictures printed great on it as was expected .
overall : recommend this product . the product fits perfectly and is manufactured with quality.note : this product is made in the usa
name brand that the stores sell , but no getting in the car and wasting gas to go get it and fight lines .
i used the avery labels for years but they were prone to peeling off lately . these stay put and work on the same templates .
i was only looking for the ink and since the photo paper was added in free i went for it . i am glad i did !
i bought them for daily use and it is good quality and it is cheap . recommend for office use or for education purposes
i use them for my student's folders and text book binding . they stick well , even on the new plastic poly folders .
they last about as long as a snowball in july but they are reasonably functional and cheap . i wish i could find ones that last longer .
these are the best erasers ever created ! i use these all the time for homework and anything else that comes up .
i send a lot of mail / packages monthly and this was a great deal to get . tape is awesome and will re-order when i run low .
high quality typical 3m product made in germany and it shows - however better if they marked which side is for what purpose .
this i use the printer and scanner frequently and am very satisfied . no jams .. it functions as advertised and has good quality .
great pad for putting under washer feet to keep washer from vibrating around great price would highly recommend but no for a mouse pad !
these are great pens ... write every time and very smooth . i have even used them as refills in pens i love .
it's just the right size to use in my motorhome and love to use it to keep lists my husband actually uses it so it works wonders lol
what is one to say about name-brand ink cartridges ! they are all over priced and seem to work no better than cheaper clones .
is item just so food , i don't know more to say , if you need paper divider , this is the one you should own .
perfect replacement at reasonable cost for an old phone i had.you can't beat this phone for quality and value from at & t & amazon .
needed ink . bought oem ink . works as advertized ... fast shipping . will buy more ink when i need it ...
i have been using this for a day . the pictures are dazzling and the text good .
this is your basic yellow cased wood number two pencil . good for home , school or office . nice quality and writes very smooth .
consider price quality longevity i would recommend to friends and family alike . what's not to like . if can get the xxl cartridge get it .
i've put many reams of this paper through my brother laser printer without problem . good simple paper at a great price .
the was no description of the weight of the paper and i find it rather flimsy . i would prefer to know what i'm buying .
excellent product . very nice . easy to pack and pretty strong . i highly recommend to all shippers . awesome tapes . a + + + . thanks
what to write about lead - red lead . i use it in mechanical pencils to distinguish something i want to highlight - it works great !
when i can find these double packs here locally , which is almost never , i have to pay a lot more for them .
these phones work just great . i purchased an extra phone so now i have 6 of them . i have had no problems with them .
the quality provides a gentle blending even when used over graphite . and therefore i can say these are not only useful where color is concerned .
simple , nice paper tags . the best part is the strings that have a fastener which makes them easy to use & secure .
i think it was defective . the printer wouldn't recognize the cartridge . i have ordered another one . hopefully it will work .
i've bought these many time , great deal , sticky and work well ! great size too , but with confidence ! i'll be back !
these are a couple bucks at the local office supply store . i love these pens and they are an essential in my office . will be buying again .
gave five star rating : i liked the pricing and quality of the product.would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for quality at an economical price
love this phone and i think this is one of your best phones i can only hope you or should i say at & t don't stop making this phone
works good , was able to reuse many times over without losing integrity of copy .
what is there to say ... they are great ticonderoga wooden pencils ... have always been my fave ! will be using for scantron testing !
strong , reliable and easy to apply , this tape keeps the boxes closed . this is the product i turn to first for storage and moving .
simply the best printable labels for amazon or e-bay cost effective and quick delivery recommended for small businesses works with any printer
i love envelopes that i don't have to lick . that stuff is nasty and that is exactly why i bought these . they work great .
in stores it's almost twice as much or more . love all the colors , and love to write with all of them .
these pens are wonderful for drawing , extra fine line really makes it easy to work with . glad i purchased a whole box .
given the range of quality in mechanical pencils , these cheap , wind-outs are as good as any on the market for reproducible service . i rely on them .
pretty good and lasts for a long time . the colours come out great when you're printing a picture or something ! i love it a lot !
i bought this set of phones because they looked good and i needed a recorder , when i got the phone after three weeks the recorder would not work
good item they work better than the refills ones . so i would say these are good ones to get . on time too .
so far , i've only needed to use one of the color cartridges . it is fine and i presume the rest will be also .
i love this stuff , especially at this reasonable price . any paper product that needs protecting gets run through my laminator .
i had to return it because i mistaken order 100 instead of 150 for my lexmark s515 printer . it should be 150 .
love this wireless all in one mini office . definitely worth the money . i would recommend it to all college students .
this is a genuine hp replacement cartridge . as such , it works perfectly . no complaints whatsoever .
these are inexpensive simple phones , which works well for us . it also has a button to turn the ringer off , a bonus for bedroom phones !
i like the combo pack of ink , over buying them individually . the price is better and it always does the trick when i need it the most .
i sell used clothes on ebay sometimes and these are great for small or single items . they hold up well and you can't beat the price .
i love these pilot easy touch retractable ballpoint pens . i love the way they write . i give them to people as gifts . everyone loves them !
i have previously owned lexmark and hp , i consider this to be the best multi purpose printer / scanner i have owned . very pleased with the purchase .
good price , good paper - nothing out of the ordinary here . i use this for every day printing - nothing fancy .
simply very similar to the one that cost 5 times more ! does what it suppose to do for much much less .
very happy with iti use it a lot and its very powerfula little noisy but it takes all the paper you give itgood shredder
my wife loves this " cutesy " tape holder . i said ... its tape ... she said but is so cute . lol , it is a novel item
great labels that are easy to use with your shippers . takes the struggle out of cutting and pasting .
oem ink is the best ! canon ink and papers are the best when used with a canon printer like a canon mx459 .
love the pastel colors , help brighten things up.the design is different but you easily get used to it.smooth writing and ink flow . 9 out of 10 rating .
it does the job , it has given me good use , but what all can one say about a mouse pad ?
these envelopes are just right for greeting cards . i use card stock to make my own greeting cards and these are just the right size .
awesome bag for any purpose such as storage , shipping , or casual gift wrap . it has a tight seal and very durable .
i didn't think it was so big but does the trick and less trips to empty lol . very sturdy and great product
this pen writes smoothly , even upside down . it took quite a bit of abuse without breaking , and has a comfortable grip .
my daughter has needed graph paper since she strated 6th grade . this was a good quality paper , 100 sheets , standard size .
not too much you can say for cardstock it is medium weight and the brightness is good and prints well .
i still love using calculators for adding up invoices . this is basically the kind ive been using for at least 20 years . i love it .
great for wrapping small items to protect from breaking . good valueuse this all the time in my business . would recommend to anyone .
this works well on any pencil regular and color pencil that seem softer but is quiet and is made very well
we love these panasonic phones . the answering system works great and the caller id is fantastic . the quality of these phones are great .
this label is specified to ink-jets , but they work just fine on laser print too . consistent die-cut quality keeps the sheet integrity together for multiple printer passes .
this product does look nice sitting on your office table . however it does not work as good . it has problem with jams all the time .
works very well for what i wanted to use it for , organizing daily / weekly / monthly tasks for personal and school activities and assignments .
it works in my printer . it is a very nice ink . works very good . thanks . good for ink and printing
i love the feel of these . i have not been able to find them very easily and they work well .
canon papers give the best rendition to photos . would recommend canon papers to anyone printing photos to frame at home .
i really like this heavy-duty binder with the d-rings . i especially like the double slots in the front to slid in miscellaneous papers .
i have many of these & they write very easily , smooth flow & grip a big help . yes i would order again ~
excellent grip , nice , smooth color , even it is notorious for pooping globs of ink , but we still can live with that and enjoy some writing .
great colors ! i really like the quality and feel of these sticky notes - - very nice ! i would definitely get these again .
writes really nice , gave one my co worker and he loves it so much he's keeping a spare on hand when he runs out of inkhighly recommed this pen
i took off one star for the price . however , this is great paper for laying out drawings of various projects we all do .
it is good for what it does . i have another wireless phone and some other devices . i think there is a radio wave interference .
these labels are of great quality . no issues with avery design wizard of course . not a cheap label . good adhesive , nice heavy paper .
arrived on time and undamaged.rear hanging hooks were of poor quality and difficult to measure for . once replaced to accomodate simpler hanging technique , all went ok .
the hp ink is fine . it prints well.but the prompts from hp about the cartridges running out of ink are not at all accurate .
easy to install . produces clear , crisp black and white copies without any smudges or streaks . lasts through a fairly high number of copies .
i've always been a fan of the tops daily agenda . thought this may be an alternate but decided this is too generic for my needs .
the printer design allows accumulation of crud so when you install this keep your fingers away from the cradle it rides in , otherwise it's ok .
i get it through amazon at such a good price . i have a canon 3 in 1 and i love it .
reinforced tape for packaging in a handy dispenser . great for sending boxes with heavy items . i have tried cheaper stuff , but scotch makes the best .
works well for the price and for being a generic battery . it gets the job done , holds a charge and charges .
needed new ink for my printer then the computer went out now need to connect printer to new lap top
these work great and i have had no issues with then sticking to even poly bags . i received these labels very quickly and i have not been disappointed .
i haven't had one single jam since using these . maybe the chisel point ? whatever , i am happy with them and will purchase again .
thought i would use it " occasionally . " instead i use it all of the time and it is fast and works well--easy to use .
unlike the old markers that tend to stain the white board , these come off very nicely even without the spray . love it !
i hate licking envelopes . hate it . this takes away the need to lick but provides a nice secure seal . i love these envelopes .
good quality paper clips , the coating is nice and i really like the variety of colors . i think the price per tub is a fair price .
why use anything but hp ink in an hp printer ? cheaper here than in local stores . somewhat shorter than usual expiration dates , not really a problem .
set-up was easy . works the way that i thought it would . it is quiet and reliable . i would recommend this fax machine .
i needed this for a web class and it has worked well . my teacher has been happy with its performance .
i love these not to small or to big just right for grocery lists or notes to kids teachers the colors are pretty and was shipped very fast !
all i can say the item is fantastic can withstand rough mailing . i certainly recommend to all shippers . go for it .
they are very sturdy and work great for shipping smaller items , they seal good and i don't worry about water leaks .
what can i say ? it's tape . it tapes adequately . it's a bit quieter than other packing tape , i guess .
this is an awesome product . nice texture and thickness for many types of projects . not to mention a great price too !
this is one of the best staplers you could ever use.strong , sleek looking , and very durable.loads easily . takes little effort .
these are well made and strong , we use these often , they do seem to get lost though because everyone likes them
i staple canvas to frames for artwork so i am picky about what i use . these staples work best for my needs .
these are large pushpins , which you can't really tell from the picture . you'll need a deep cork board to hold them .
we do a lot of shipping ... and we use these all the time . you cannot get a better deal than this bulk deal .
saves me tape from having to tape down paper on returns and ebay sales ... not very high quality but they more than get the job done .
these are wonderful if you print your postage labels from home ! i've used several of them and they've worked out really well .
my six year old needs all the help he can get ! this is great for psacing for children having issues with handwriting .
great printer even better ink cartridges / i'm sorry that the printer that used this cartridge broke and i had to buy another canon printer
the cartridges are the right size and they fit the printer for which i ordered them . quick delivery . quite satisfied with purchase .
the color is nicely dark , but the ink smears more thanwaterman bottled ink blue / black . overall , i prefer the latter .
this package of bright copy / printer paper arrived promptly and was reasonably priced . i erred in purchasing just one package instead of a whole box , oops !
sharpie is the name i know when it comes to permanent markers . nothing compares . i use these to make my music cd's . never had any issues .
great price for a quality ink . i love my pixma for printing color as well as black and white photos .
not as versatile as the hp scanjet it replaced but good scanner for the money and does everything as advertised .
i use these cartridges for my printer . i've never had a problem with them . they seem to last long enough and i'm satisfied with the quality
took a bit longer to get to me but i was not in any hurry to receive . i am pleased it came .
i use these labels to cover labels that don't completely pull off , when returning a package . what a convenient find .
these are very handy to have - and a nice add-on if you are purchasing other things . i will be buying more for my favorite books !
this hp ink cartridge is a reliable source for good quality and reproducible copies consistently . i never have had any problems with this product .
neaded a paper that was a little heavier for a project and this works great thank you thank you norm
the oil is needed to keep your shredder working properly . trust me , i messed one up by not oiling it.this bottle will last a lifetime .
i love these pouches . as a homeschooling family we laminate a lot , and with these packages we can do it a little cheaper !
evidently as i'm told , these pencils are quite good . he enjoys the selection of colors and the quality of them
the hard plastic back allows me to use the mouse anywhere , couch , leg , arm chair ... happy . the little wrist pad is nice as well .
needless to say this drum works perfectly . i've had bad experience with non oem products and will pay extra to assure consistent quality
absolutly perfect for what they are designed for . they seem to write on anything and the color really stands out . i'll buy more as needed .
i thought it just one than it arrvied with 12 pens . but when i hight line on the paper . not so good . hummmmmm
work great ... definitely didn't need 500 but the price was right and i can use them in the future for other things .
price is great and so is the product . when i purchased my printer i checked the ink and selected the printer . i have never been sorry .
these tabs i used for organizing my paperwork . the two colors help code them . they are very useful .
this product arrived in hp packaging and it is brand new . i think the price was good and i will order the item again when these run out .
very convenient and easy to use . also can be taken off with little effort if needed .
great buy and lasts a long time , better than repeat trips to the store when running low or just plane ran out
genuine hp product . shipped on time . i would recommend the ink for anyone with the proper printer . that is all i have .
this is a great product at a great price . cheaper then these other boards for students dorms and such.can put it on the fridge or anywhere .
it's a replacement for my previous photosmart 7280 . works well in copying and printing . feeder works well reasonably fast . occasionally slow in starting up .
very good ink . lasts long and easy to instal . best to get name brand but i don't judge .
have had for 2 years and has worked every time . it is well worth the money . does what i want it to do .
using for my business labels ... loving this larger size for that purpose . lasting a long time too so that's awesome too .
when a template works , it's great . this time ... it all worked out . adhesive , easy to use . worked well for labels on envelopes
i discovered these pens in 2003 and refuse to buy any other . they write smooth . i love the fancy design . i do use sharpies too .
this was exactly what i had ordered . . . they were set at a great price and with my prime account the value is unbeatable :)
these were just as expected the typical good quality black sharpies and came with 12 which was great for the office .
works very easily , actually applies better than most other dispensers we have purchased for the office in many years past .
i bought these for my mom and she loves them . they are a whole lot cheaper than buying them in the store .
works great and is just the right size . easy to hold , yet not so small that it takes forever to cover the board to erase . recommended .
i use this in my brother labelmaker . they are priced well and do a good job in the label making process ...
have owned this model printer for 6-7 years . a real little workhorse . toner is cheap and you do get your monies worth .
i own several . they work great , high quality sound and look nice , work flawlessly . have used them for years and years
these are perfect for my projects ! the price was great and i would recommend them to my friends . great quality and great service !
love these lables . they stick well and you get a ton for really cheap ! cant ask for anything more out of fragile labels at a great price .
this is a good tape with few problems . i buy it over the other brands because the price is better but it performs well .
excellent price will buy again when needed . i now have enough for quite some time , and at the price i paid i don't mind using it .
don't try using these in the freezer . they don't stick , or in the refrigerator or on anything that has any moisture in it .
probably the best permanent marker available and a decent price when on sale . needed multi colored permanent markers that were water resistant , and sharpies did not disappoint .
we needed one corded phone for when the power goes out . this one fits the bill at a reasonable price .
i use these for writing on dark surfaces and they are very durable and last a long time . good product
i use these to store my sheet music for playing in church . they are just right size-wise and look good on the piano .
go for the xxl canon keep up the good work . i am a believer switched hp about five years ago and haven't looked back .
this ink came just as described . there is no difference from this ink and the ink you would spend more money on buying it from a retail store .
markers work well for a variety of projects . great color selection and nice storage container to keep markers all together . price was right , too !
i bought these to mark my favorite recipes in my cookbooks . you can move them as often as you want and easy to write on . great colors .
i had to change several documents into pdf's and was a bit nervous about the outcome but the scanner made it so easy to do !
genuine , in the box replacement ink cartridges for my hp printer at a great price ! ! ! i would recommend these to anyone ! ! !
toner worked well . no complaints . this is a good replacement to the overpriced manufactured cartridges . purchase this . you won't be disappointed .
as expected . no problems . just what i needed , no extra trip to the office supply store . saved gas and time .
this is a strong tape and there is a lot of it for the price . it is a very useful tape to have in your toolbox .
simple and good design . i can put it anywhere and it looks good . i like that it has hooks for hanging on the wall .
i purchased this product so i can use it at work . it is very comfortable and the price is affordable .
the hp 940xl yellow ink cartridge came in the original sealed box & sealed wrapper . i inserted it into the printer & it has worked great .
perfectly sticky , not too much not too little.bright colors so you can see at a glance.now i won't run out for months ! ! priced right .
great products , sticks well , and the sizes are supported in iwork on the mac , so printing was dead-simple on the macintosh . great product !
these are perfect for when regular post it notes will not adhere but it is too much for everyday use .
i love the 273 epson ink . it prints crisp and clear . photos turn out amazing . easy to install and worth the price .
i love these little post it notes . so handy when using my laptop , right size , handy little dispenser . i love them ! !
this binder has been great for me so far , not problems with opening it and it seems very durable .
this was my first refill on black ink for new brother printer . no problems encountered .
i have used this tape for mailing packages , sealing boxes for moving , and keeping my refrigerator shelves in place . it works for everything .
just what i need for some of my personal identification cards . i would recommend them to others in need of them as well .
missing your trapper keeper ? this fits the bill ! well made , great color and materials and will hold everything you need safely even if you travel .
this is just plain calculator tape , and it works great for mel it's single ply and is exactly what it says it is . works great for me !
solid , pendaflex file folders . exactly as expected . more than i needed , but a good buy overall . i would buy again .
these hp ink refills are the best , also they are hp not generic witch i have in the past that cost more , by you ink from amazon
needed something with more than one tray but with a small footprint . this works very well . sturdy , easy to put together , and looks good .
super easy to use ! easy to print , easy to peel off and use ! the ink doesn't wipe off easily which is a huge perk !
not an expert in picture quality print paper , all i can tell you is that the pictures look like they were developed professionally
very satisfied with the quality of these file folders . the different colors make it easy to categorize the filing for me . the box was also shipped quickly .
best corded phone on the market - - voice quality , lighted keypad , small footprint . it's everything i need .
easy to set up , wireless works well . only down side is small toner cartridge , wish it would print more fefore needing replacement .
i really like this paper for my canon printer . sometimes i can't get it because it is backordered for long periods of time .
we use scotch gift wrap tape for all our wrapping of presents . it is a superior product in every way .
installed easily , works great , can't tell the difference in this or brand name except i have more cash in the bank !
i have a great little printer and the epson ink makes it continue to run just fine . the printer works well and i'm happy .
these are great pads of post-it notes . plenty of room to write on . i highly recommend them for many uses .
perfect , printing , nice price genuine hp is always good when i can afford it . i like it . i hate word requirements .
came with a total of 300 and the quality is very high ! does not get much better than this . i would recommend .
just used this item as an add on , but glad i did . just what i needed when i needed it .
i carry it with me everywhere i go and nobody touches it but me and i'm glad i found it
bought several of these for the office . everyone loves them . can take the drawer out and use as an in basket .
great price on simply the best tape dispenser available . very heavy for one hand operation , and very stylish .
i really like the laminator . price is good and product is excellent . i would strongly recommend this product for home use .
this cute little stapler is a great color and it works like a charm . i have no complaints and the small size is nice .
i'm finding it hard to actually review this tape . it's clear and sticky and works great ! it's scotch tape and works well !
bought this for my printer , though i prefer the 75s , these work great and i couldn't breast the price . i definitely use some ink at times .
i use my printer often as i send a brown envelope of cartoons with each package sent to troops and who does not want to save money !
ideal for creative children , they just need to be careful when handling it . good for adults too . does what it says .
i ordered this as a gift for a church who needed it for office supplies . they appreciate it and thanked me for it .
when the average sticky note has fallen off in high humidity areas ... these super stickies hang in there .
i was disappointed in these . they are very thin paper and very see through .
the voice quality is fantastic ! ! just plug it in and it works . pc or mac compatible.just plug in any regular phone and call.highly recommended ! ! !
very pleased with the quality of the paper and the envelopes . i use them for cards that i produce , and they are just perfect .
i always have this around the house . for minor repairs and projects it can not be beat . easy clean up .
i substititue teach in elementary school , and these are great to pass out to the younger kids to help encourage good behavior .
fairly heavy duty , nice ... 4 pockets and clear covers to display your " works of art " .
this pilot frixion ball erasable gel pens , fine point , 8-p ack pouch is one of the best purchases i have ever made
great product i really like this tape dispenser it is heavy like i thought it would be am pleased with my purchase .
i have the previous version of this pen . that version was also pretty smooth . i don't understand why the price hasincreased .
i was absolutely delighted with the printer . i compared it to a comparable hp and the photo quality in the canon was outstanding and superior to the hp .
tape does not get tangled and runs smoothly to cover mistakes . good value for so many , would cost more at the store .
all i can say is it performs as i hoped it would . no chair marks and it stays put on the rug .
this seems to be a wonderful savings on ink replacement cartridges but as i haven't used them yet i will write a review after i see the results .
this was a great alternative to paying the brand new price for this item.toner seems to printer just fine .. like oem toner
great buy for paper if you don't have time to search the web . i will buy again in the future .
nice alternative tohallmark blank greeting cards half-fold matte premium 20 count . i like to switch out every so often . highly recommend for making your own greetings .
these labels were easy to use . they printed out with no problems . i would purchase these when next in need of address labels .
anytime that i can buy basics through amazon , i love it . no fighting lines or crowds , no gas , no getting out in the weather !
i loved using this ink cartridge in my school printer . i had to often purchase myself due to lack of funds
these are a really convenient way to keep labels on hand for when you need to ship a small package .
most mechanical pencils use 5mm to 7mm lead . the finer lead here is very good when drawing accurate technical diagrams .
what can you say about ink that was made for your printer ? it works great , no problems . no issues at all .
i like this tape because it is thick . i wish it was a bit more sticky though . i use this for business shipping purposes .
it has worked well with the standard stapler i have at home . it has been consistently stapling without failure , so far .
high quality labels . do not jam in printer . they are very easy to use and work will all printers .
product only secures 1 or 2 pieces of paper . needed all six strip to mount an 8x11 card stock sign .
this is a great compact handy pencil sharpener . easy to use and it does not tie up much space on my desk .
the multipurpose copy paper works well the the printer.my family and i are enjoying both the printer and the paper .
the fact that they offer the software online to customize and print all of the print stock they sell keeps me coming back for more !
better packaging , cheaper than buying separately , hp - quality , and delivery in just a few days ... anything better than that ?
gave this set to a young artist . she was thrilled to receive the quality pencil set . this particular brand was recommended by an artist .
good quality durable plastic with smooth , raised edges for simple , accurate tracing around . the slight blue-gray tint makes it easy to see on white background .
watch the weight suggestions on the package , and you will be good to go . it definitely does not leave a mark on the wall !
a folder is a folder except as to tab arrangement and cardboard thickness . these are sturdy but getting the different cuts for alternating views is much more expensive .
although this item is larger than i expected , it is easy to use and works great . would recommend to a friend .
as always , amazon rocks ... this is a very great little set of post it flag tags in a good set of colors .
they printed neatly and cleanly with my printer and were repositionable as advertised . i would purchase these again if i needed repositionable labels for our business .
works well first time every time . free downloadable templates work with open office / word etc ... very good product . i use with inkjet fine .
this post-it tabs with on-the-go dispenser , 1 - inch solid , red , yellow , blue is one of the best purchases i have ever made
great buy , sticks well , works well with all my projects for this label .
i ordered this paper for the antique yellowed page look and it works great . the paper is of very good quality and meets my needs .
i absolutely love these pens . i can't get enough of them . i write with nothing else now . love , love , love them .
it does the job for my niece as a student to get all her work printed and things done . good student printer .
i knew what i was getting - they are metal book ends . they are just fine for the purpose . arrived on time .
this stuff works better than anything else i have ever used for white boards . and it smells way better than other white board cleaners .
i didn't really need more post-it pads , but getting actual white ones at a really good , low price was an irresistible deal .
for ti lovers this is perfect , the kids use it for school and it fits the bill perfectly at a better price here than anywhere else
it's a genuine canon ink cartridge . if it didn't do what it was supposed to something would be seriously wrong .
on occasion i need to mail documents . this box works very well . it is robust and the price is right .
nice quality pencil . i have bought these before and will buy them again . the presharpened convenience is just an added bonus . great for students .
i have sharpies in every color and highly recommend them for labeling . nothing else works as well , and i particularly love these fine point markers .
i have no complaints , but they're not hard enough to sharpen easily without an electric sharpener or a really good manual sharpener or knife .
ink is ink and this one definitely serves its purpose . pictures come out fresh with this stuff .
do they stick well - yes . easy to write on - yes . spacious for long notes - yes .
i have had this printer for six months and have not experienced any problems . it prints clearly and the paper feeds seamlessly . duplexing is awesome !
these envelopes have worked out well . i have not encountered any problems with them . would recommend this item to others .
two sided ; copier ; fax and printer . it fits the bill for all operations ! deceptively inexpensive and is a fantastic printer .
loved sitting at home and ordering my printer ink at a reduced rate from target or anywhere else . had it within just a few days . so easy .
would not recommend for extreme couponers . they are super duper flimsy and while a good price for the amount , not very effective for my purposes .
i strongly suggest using the original mfg ink cartridge to avoid printer problems - this was excellent and will not disappoint you
good box - very happy with the price and quality . amazon comes through once again . buy with penciling & penning confidence !
great product for the price . pretty standard mouse pad nothing extraordinary about it other than the price . it works for what it was meant to work for .
these labels are excellent . they feed well and don't smudge . standard size and very useful . what more could you want ?
hp paper , hp ink , hp printer and hp laptops . never had an issue with any of them and i am not about to start experimenting
what can i say ? they are binders . they have been sturdy so far and you can insert a cover page in the front .
this dispenses well , which isn't always the case with other brands . i have had much better success with it and will continue to choose this brand .
i think this is basically expensive vegetable oil that is processed a little extra . it works well though and keeps my shredders running well .
hmmm how do i rate a plain manila file folder other than to see it's a file folder and it's fine .
i have tried many different tapes and this is the best packing tape i have ever used.also , you need less because it's super strong .
works great , nothing wrong with it . bought one for our office and everyone is stealing it so we may end up buying another .
i buy these for my kids piano lessons and they are great . they are super colorful and help reinforce concepts .
this is a great clipboard and takes quite a beating . the design is simple and professional , does everything you'd expect it to .
needless to say these ink cartridges work perfectly . i've had bad experience with refills and will pay extra to assure consistent quality
see my other review on unden accessory handsets and systems of the cordless variety.there are better choices out there.this is not one of them .
these pencils are the best pencils out there . i am a first grade teacher and i would never buy anything else for my kids .
the annoying problem of plastic tabs is that they yellow , crack , and fall apart , and i always misplace the paper insert tags.this is an ingenious product !
great pens and serve to spread breast cancer awareness , i am a breast cancer survivor , so think pink with everything
good product . i have used these pens for many years and keep extras for family andfriends , because when they use them they want one also .
so far the bubbles don't pop easy which is great keeps my items from breakingit can last long if you use what you need
these belkin mouse pads are cheap and effective . they are worth your consideration when you need a small pad for your mouse .
i really like this kind of envelope . opaque , secure , easy to use because they are self-sticking . definitely would buy these .
standard 3 ring binder with 2 inside pockets which i find are too shallow for heavier stack of papers . otherwise a very useful folder to file your documents .
this ink obviously has limited uses , but it's fun . i'm planning on mixing it with a black for signatures .
i am moving so this was very timely . boxes are sturdy and spacious and best of all i didnt have to go out and buy them . recommend .
they work great with inkjet . im normally worried the fact how each one normally does smears or doesn't stay on.this works great !
bright , colorful , and strong enough to hold several pages with ease.every bit as useful as i'd hoped ( even more , to be honest ) .
this is the only pen we have been using since 2002 . it writes smoothly and lasts a long time . i enjoy having a variety of colors .
my wife loves these and pretty much writes with nothing else . after gel pens , we can't go back to ballpoint .
this set of prismacolor premier ebony graphite sketching pencil works like the description . i've never used one before and these seem just fine .
tried the generic ink , and always go back to the canon ink . it just works better .
i do a lot and graphics also . i tend toward the largfe size as the smaller ones make me antsey . see my remarks on the largfe black .
this is great paper for printing and copying . not much more to say than that . simple , useful and good for the budget .
trying to locate reinforcements in this day and age of electronic records is not always easy . pages are often in need of repair . reinforcements to the rescue .
great address label . especially reliable stick-ability . good product for mailings and labeling folders and such in the office . recommended
the canon 211 cartridge works well . it seems to last a long time for me primarily because i don't print a lot of colorful pages .
this ink is great its the only kind of ink i can in my cannon cause a off breed of ink will mess up a cannon printer
it works as well as the oem cartridge , so why not save a few dollars ?
my kids ' art class called for them . no complaints . seems to last and durable against the sharpener . seems to be a good color .
this pen feels very comfortable in the hand , is lightweight and has a really nice style of writing . writes first time you use it . excellent price .
taping labels to boxes was time consuming , so printing these out and then sticking them to a box makes it easy .
standard use staple remover that is excellent quality and will last a long time at the office or at home .
this is a great paper to get for printing photos . i am still learning how to make the best use of them but they are worth it .
extremely sticky and fast setting . works well for rubber onto chrome for my footrests on motorcycle . first time to use but no problems
this is a basic mouse pad . it has no bells and whistles . it functions perfectly and i would buy it again .
i have a home office , and i use my printer constantly . i love the high-capacity cartridge and it is cheaper here than in most places .
when i cleaned out my old file cabinet wanted to replace the file folders so everything would been neat and easier to file important papers .
i really love this mouse pad , its so easy to use and just fun to enjoy . i would buy it again and again . enjoy ! !
i've had this product for a few months and so far it's been working just fine . i do like the features and would buy it again .
old dispenser was too lightweight and moved every time tape was dispensed . this one is much heavier and won't move when tape is dispensed . highly recommend .
these folders are flimsy and hard to expand without tearing . the colors are very dull . i would not buy again !
great little stickers to remind you of where to look in a document or use as a bookmark . sticks well , peels of without marring or tearing pages .
i wanted this size of white board to carry along to in-home trainings . it fit the bill perfectly and will get a lot of use ! !
is really good original brand and the deal were perfect so every buy let's buy it you save money some bucks
these are great for organizing the paperwork piles on my desk . they stick nicely and are just the right size !
this is great tape ! i've been using this brand for the last 5 to 10 years when packing my ebay items ! very reliable ! highly recommended ! !
useful for someone who has very light printing needs . it's slow , but ideal for my mother to print out recipes , etc .
this dispenser provides a convenient way to take post-it notes on-the-go . it is easy to use and the post-it notes pop up without getting stuck .
products such as these can be very convenient to purchase online . this is one of those products .
i like to make my own personalized greeting cards and this fits the bill perfectly .
if you want a heavy duty stapler that you can count on and do the job i highly recommend this stapler . it stapes the papers cleanly and easily !
i always buy these brand erasers , so i know they will be good and they last long as well ! ! ! good buy
i buy these ink cartridges and quantity ( xl ) from time to time and they last a long time . i like the hp products
this is a shade of blue / black , a nice combination color . it is made to fit perfectly , a genuine lamy refill replacement .
great value on mailing tape . does it's job at a much less cost than stores . is easily stored as well in the original wrapping !
loved using this product in my school printer . i had to order myself when funds weren't available , so i ordered often .
so thin and hard to , use spend the extra bucks and get the good ones
these are surprisingly great little pens . they're comfortable to hold and the ink is a good strong blue that writes cleanly but doesn't bleed through the page .
this ink is great . prints clean and sharp . the price is also a good price . i can print a lot of pages with each refill .
i bought these to use with my small household shredder . works great with the shredder . no problems with the product
these labels easily feed in my printer and they stick very well . what else is there to say ?
this thing is a pain and i don't bother using it anymore . it has a habit of breaking the point and it comes apart constantly .
wrap it in plastic ! make it last . but it won't last long outside in the elements . works well . costs too much .
the toner arrived on time and package well . thank you for such prompt service . i was able to get right back to work
i have been using these ink cartridges for several years now and i have never experienced any problems with them ..
very well made , robust . i use it for tying up my heavy duty cords in the garage where extra width is a plus .
i bought the unit that uses these cheaper and larger ink cartridges compared to most others . very good ink quality too .
i have no idea what a five star adhesive tape would look like . these are fine , but i have yet to find one that isn't .
a good , large and functional mouse pad that doesn't drag or is too slippery for your mouse to roam back and forth on !
this is the kodak lx it last longer i like better than other carthridges i recommend this one specially this ! ! !
as advertized . been a long time user of their products but never this one . provides an alternative and will hold securely without the mess .
have been using this product for years . it is very reliable and does a very good job on covering your mistakes on the paper . highly recommend it .
use brand names for tape . do not skimp . i am a cheap skate but i offer this advice from experience .
my office staff love these . they work perfectly and are very useful . they just run out a little quicker than i would expect
beautiful cards with gorgeous pictures and verses ! you won't be disappointed with these cards and they will bring a smile to whomever you send them to .
these are original equipment and work well in my brother all in one printer . there is nothing to complain about .
both phones are working great just the way i knew they would and i know they will work for sometime
been wanting one of these for years to replace a very old dymo tape labeler . this works very well and is easy to use .
i am a cheapo pen guy , i like a good pen , and i like cheap pens , and this pen meets both my requirements .
havent had any problems so far , prints are coming out great and i love my new printer . i give it 5 stars !
very thin and flimsy plastic . dropped them . several cracked and the lead in the others broke into pieces . what a waste .
i use this to lubricate the blades on my fellows shredder . it is excellent . highly recommend . all fellows items seem to be high-quality .
ive personally used this printer for about 3 months and think it is a great deal . small footprint , consistent resuls , and cheap ink refill !
this will work well but it doesn't have much ink . they should cost allot less if they aren't going to put much ink in them .
i have been using half-fold for years and realized that sometimes a big card is not right for the occasion . these fit the bill perfectly .
i like the security part of the envelope . you cant see through the paper to know whats inside and thats great when mailing something private .
i love these pens and the colors are great and i can't get over the smoothness of the pens . the vibrate colors just pop off the paper .
this is typical avery quality - which is high . i just wish it came in a smaller package , 20 , maybe .
staples are staples to me . these work perfectly fine in my cheapo stapler and always bend perfect . quality is excellent to me .
nothing to get excited about here . good tape , works as intended . i have used it several times already and have had no problems !
excellent paper quality , and ease of handling and sealing make these a very good choice for the office or home .
these work fantastic , deliver on the promised page count , and are a great deal . no more brand name cartridges for me .
use it in my lamy 2000 . has good flow . would recommend . famous ink .
finally , a phone for people who's eyesight isn't what it used to be ! nice big buttons and display . all the features you'd expect .
there what you have to have to print . the only problem is they are so small . they work well but they don't last very long .
i am the navigator on a sea scout ship . we use these pencils almost exclusively for our chart work . they are inexpensive and work well .
these are awkward , and not noticeably better that regular scissors for household use . maybe if i worked in a hospital , it would make a difference .
i have never bought a bic product and not liked it . these high lighters are great . you can't go wrong with bic
i've been a happy cross user for over fifty years . i'm retired now but still use this old reliable tool from my professional days .
what can one say about sticky notes ? these work just fine . so handy for many uses , and these stick well also .
this is a good unit however it would be better if it allowed for wireless printing . this does not .
i ordered this item for my brother laser printer . the price was a little cheaper than from other supply houses . i would recommend this item .
beautiful pens . and if you like using a lot of gold accents , these are the pens for you ! i immediately ordered more .
i bought two of these for my home office . they arrived promptly and in good condition . they look nice on my wood laminate floors and seem durable .
keeps my royal 10 sheet shredder in good working order ! used other brands in the past , just not as good .
as a homeschooling mom , i love laminating things ! i've had this for about 6 months and have used it quite a bit with no problems at all .
this is a good tape dispenser . it is good quality and gets the job done . looks very sturdy and easy to use .
what a good price for these and 100 % please and would recommend these to anyone thinking about buying them . very please
won't use for a while cause they're in reserve , but they always do well . fairly inexpensive for origional equipment stuff .
i have not had to use these replacement inks yet . however , i like the concept of only replacing the colors that run out .
always need extra tape around the holidays . picked this up when ordering some other stuff . you know what you are getting .
this ink cartridge works perfectly with my printer ( which it should ) . it is a longer lasting cartridge ( xl designation ) . the quality is excellent .
good size & sturdy . i used them to tab a cookbook . i liked them enough to also order red & blue ones .
it was just what i was looking for . works just like advertised . was great for my grandmother . i would buy it again .
we bought this to glue fabric to wood panels and it works wonderful . holds tight , dries really fast and no bubbling in the fabric .
these labels worked well in our printer and look as if they will be another very useful and innovative item from the post-it notes family of products .
these will be used for fabric , shoes , bags and anything i want to be permanent and withstand washing . i believe these crayons will do the trick .
it takes notes , uses standard paper and generally does what a notebook should . what more is there to say about a note book .
parents shouldn't leave this item in the vicinity of children as it's extremely heavy.nonetheless , it's a cute accessory for my work desk at home .
these staples fit my stapler , don't get clogged up in the stapler , and haven't rusted . i will buy this brand again .
this binder is just right for such tasks as starting a collection of recipes , gathering material for a presentation , etc .
these used to have a bigger standing surface and were easier to use . it does stay put , but more top surface would be great .
i always keep a roll of this on hand in my art studio . it works great even for tacking lightweight items on the wall .
these are your standard file folders .. i use these all the time and when i need more i order them here .
it works of course , but the price is a ripoff and it doesn't last long at all .
i think this pen is works's well.everybody work with cash should have one . help you push the bad pepple away
they align perfectly . print perfectly . don't require extra tape like other labels . these labels are fantastic .
i love this product . it swivels and provides me easy access to my paper clips and other products . great buy .
my go to label everything pens ! love the color variety and price , was pleased to find them here . recommend them highly .
this tape is easy to use , no scissors needed . it's strong and holds well , which makes it great for taping packages for shipping .
the labels are very sticky and work well with my brother laser printer . as is usual , 3m products exude quality .
very sturdy , fairly easy to put together , almost all metal with a compressed wood top shelf.adjustable shelf inside for storing lots of paper and suuplies
i'm satisfied that this photo print paper renders the highest possible sharpness and most true color renditions . also . . . the price is right .
works well for the price . bought it for the office . didnt want to spend too much money . staff seems to like it .
i bought these to go with my pentel graphgear 1000 . they fit , so 5 stars ! they erase well and are small for precision erasing .
this is great to have in your room when you sit in front of the pc . nice rest area for your feet so you can sit comfortably .
they help ! my office shelves look so much better and i can find by organizingall my different types of magazines that i seen to collect .
pros : software is awesomelabels easy to peelstick to most surfacesworks great with bar codesi would buy these again and again ! they are perfect for small business owners .
a good telephone , connected easily with my other phones and works very good in the garage .
as described . quality register . not many to choose from on-line anymore . all columns straight forward and accurate . this worked perfect . recommended .
hard to really rate basic copy paper but it came as promised , shipping wasn't as quick as i'd hoped but other than that was great .
if you've never used the gel refills , try them.have to find them on line.come from the old school , so like these refills .
these are really nice labels that print well and peel off the backer well . no problems with the printer configuration at all .
this is the size that best fits the notecardsi make . can't find this size anywhere else andit is nice to have the auto-seal .
i prefer using only these pens and take advantage of the lower cost and great value . makes work less than work .
bought this to print infrared blue-red palettes from my imager . they use a lot of ink , so these will print hundreds .
clever use of leverage makes it easy to staple through many pages at once . only light pressure is required to push it down , ingenious . highly recommended .
i love this printer fax copier . so easy to hook up . i didnt even call customer service . i have always had to do that
comes in nice packaging , works really well.great for packaging small parcels and need a small scale next to the shipper . i am really happy with this one '
i use sticky notes for everything ! love the new color varieties so i can use certain colors for certain projects or reminders . highly recommend these .
smead makes excellent office products . issue now will be how long the expanding sides last since i tend to overstuff .
these are useful but didn't change my life and are mostly gathering dust in a drawer . plan out how you will use them before buying .
this is very helpful for any one that's takes lots of notes and needs to reference special passages for classes
great clipboards . they suit our purposes . i have bought in the past and i would buy again . thanks for the great work .
what's there to say other than it functions well and is the perfect size ( for me . ) would certainly purchase again .
i have used this type of letter opener sinceit became available many years ago and i justlove this product . i am glad to have foundsuch a good deal .
what's not to love about these highlighters ! they are bright and colorful ! they last for a while ! haven't had any problems yet :)
keep your life organized with the spiral notebook . good for taking notes in meetings or lectures and group meetings . recommended .
this is the perfect size to leave on the kitchen island that used to be cluttered with dozens of stickies and other small pieces of paper .
more than a few times multiple pages were pulled in together . thinner paper works better in our printers - canon and hp's .
these babies get the job done ! ! i will stick with these erasers for as long as i need an eraser . lol
i bought these pencils only because we didn't have any . they seem to be made of good and nice quality .
these chalks have lovely bright colors that show up well but wipe off my son's easel chalkboard easily . very happy with these !
these work well for mailing small items to friends out of town . i have no complaints about them . would recommend .
this is good old fashioned carbon paper and it works great . we got it to use for some craft projects and are happy with the quality .
this thing works great . no one will know what was shredded . credit cards and cd's . wow ! just what i needed .
tape - its tape , velcro tape to stick things on walls and doors and yadda yadda yadda ... thats it done -
what can you say about tape ? sticky - holds well - and a convenient dispenser . a good product !
i used this all the time . the color are very vibrant and they last a really long time . no complaint here
states 100 % metal front and back ... this is not true.the front is in fact 100 % plastic , only the back is metal .
in case you get tired of standard yellow ... i use these in my classroom every day . they stick well--and i really like pastel colors !
its a commercial off the shelf ink cartridge for a canon printer . it does what it is supposed to do .
these label pads stay stuck until you remove them--they're great for labelling just about anything ! i also like the colors ... they make them easy to locate .
great for keeping those decorating ideas that i collect now and thosei have collected from years past , easy to store .
as a laser pointer it is fine . i could not get the remote feature to work but i need to try it on something else .
cuts tape great , presses it into the cardboard easily . i used this when i moved , taped up about 100 boxes .
how can you go wrong with sharpies ? these things write on anything and seem to last forever . having more colors to choose from makes it even better .
i love this thing . it is funky looking and heavy ... it does not move or clank on the desk when i grab a pop up .
i use these in lamy safari and vista pens for bottled ink . they fit well and i've had no issues with them .
these straps do what they say but are incredibly overpriced . having a bunch of different colors is nice , but there's still cheaper ways to do that .
i needed a new color for my notes - why not purple ? the pens write smoothly and are comfortable to hold .
this panasonic telephone setup is great , the sound is clear and i have no complaints .
love how this photo paper works with my cannon photo printer - haven't had one jam and my pictures look awesome - great photo paper ! ! :)
as described , great product . would recommend it to a friend . i intend to order more very soon , great product for the home office .
perfect pack for your printing needs . this pack includes all the needed colors to make your printing jobs look sharp !
this tape is obviously made for commercial and industrial packaging , yet the dispenser is so small and cheaply made as to be useless.take a pass on this one .
i have seen several incredibly comfortable office chairs for about $ 25 . who would pay this for a chair pillow ?
for the money , it's a good buy . it does what it's supposed to do and the grip-seal is a nice feature .
these envelopes are a good price and great quality . it is worth buying them in bulk . this is the only ones that i buy .
avery tab insertable plastic dividers in an 8 tab set are the perfect size to keep yourself organized for work or school or home .
these labels print great , and stick good . you can remove them and re-stick , if necessary . should work with all laser printers .
i keep this cordless phone in the kitchen it has many options for dial tone , volume and with an easy to see light-up screen .
way better than my old ti - 83 . i love the cas system and the color screen . i would recommend it to anyone .
i needed a stapler for my house and this does the job right and for a good price . couldnt ask for more .
just a little nicer than the average binder . easy to work rings with nice " pouches " for cover material .
these sheets are a quick and easy way to keep the shredder lubed up and like new . just use them every few months and you're good to go .
this is a good lead , high quality , not too many broken in the container . i will continue to order them for my pencils .
i like the color assortment . they are smooth when you're writing and last a long time . i would buy them again .
this ink cartridge seems to be working just fine . i gave this four stars because the ink is just so expensive and really does not last that long .
i had created a lengthy document in ' word ' and wanted a printed copy plus a copy on disk . this was just made for such a project .
nice bold colorful push pins that are versatile , can even hang small pictures with them i use them in school art shows .
this was a good deal and half the price of local ... they work as expected and are a nice touch .
these trays are nice to place on a office desk . does not take too much room and is not too cheap .
good as office max or office depot sell . more convenient from amazon . saves time and mileage . i will order again from this vendor .
lasts much longer than standard cartridges , even with all the pictures i print out for friends .
the sealing strip on these envelopes are so weak and easy to get apart even after sitting for a few hours . will find better ones next time .
product arrived in the condition and of a quality that i expected . it is a standard black color and functions as expected .
very nice quality labels with strong adherence . feeds through the printer without issues and covers over existing items well , if necessary .
no problems . i used this on both xp & vista with no issues . the copies look good , especially the color prints .
if you need a marker with a fine tip this is iti need it for marking the lables for my dvd holders
extremely high quality , thick inkjet paper . inexpensive enough to use every day . purchased 2 reams and would definitely buy again .
great colors , wipe off is easy . you can use them for other things if necessary.brighter than the older style dry erase markers .
i was very pleased with the cart as far as size and maneuvering but it discolored when left outside and that was very disappointing .
these are great for seperating my lectures ... teachers that list their lectures by number rather than date ! love it .
five star notebooks really are a higher quality product compared with the standard notebooks . i've used them since high school and they work out great for taking notes .
i love my canon printer and will only use canon ink . replacements are cheaper , but i don't want the possibility of anything happening to my printer .
perfect , only wish there were more in the pack.not too sticky , just right . stays where you put it.you can never have enough of these .
what can be wrong with envelopes ? seems to be good for general mailing purposes .
we bought this printer as we have used them in job-site offices . reliable , and the best bang for the buck to get 11 x 17 capability .
i love sharpies . i use them for everything . these 80 ' s glam colors are great . i use them for my art's and crafts
colored ink for your canon printer that sucks ink like no tomorrow . even on black only the colors get used so you will need these
i am using these to : write on glass bottles , plastic bottles and plastic bags.they work as expected and seem to be quite indelible.john
i used this item to make a sign that requires no additional material to hang . it works perfectly and it allows you to make neat looking signs .
i donated them to the office of a church group which needed ballpoint pens , and they were very grateful , as they had asked for these certain brands .
bought this for our group's bunco box and it works perfectly ! dings loudly enough and seems durable and the price is right !
these are very small , stick well , but remove easily with no sticky residue left behind . they serve their purpose well .
i bought the same brand staple gun at lowes , so i'm not sure if it works with other brands . worked perfectly .
this is another terrific assortment of sharpie permanent pens , for a very good price . try them . i'm never without sharpies , and this deal is good .
i purchased this to work with my epson printer . the printer works great and the cartridges have ink in them .
it's toner people . not much to say . good price and works well so far . no complaints . prints clearly and no smudging .
i used these to organize my recipe collection . they are easy to use , sturdy , and do just the trick . nothing not to like about them .
you can never go wrong with canon ink tanks . haven't used this new shipment yet , but don't anticipate any problems .
i got this packing tape as an add on . it usually lasts a while in my home but its good to have around . it worked fine .
these are bright and colorful . i have no complaints at all . price is great and i'll buy them again . highly recommend .
liked the first one so much that i bought another so i would have one at home and one at work .
not much to say except that this box is constructed well , and held up well in a move of some old books to storage . ~ ae ~
these are great for any kind of laboratory note taking . i have several for each different product or subject . most economically priced on here .
there is not much to say about ink with one exception ... this ink proves to hold up under all printing projects . great price , great product .
the word templates are easy to find on their site , i love avery shipping products and labels !
you know when you are buying an avery product , that it is going to work great and be compatible for most types of software .
this is good packing tape at an affordable price . it works in my tape gun and it sticks real well .
i purchased the tops legal pads for taking notes in class they work quite well for note taking and other things around the house .
theses r a great value for the price i would reccommend that anyone get these markers weather you are a teacher or just an individual
used bottles of this before . will keep the blades of the shredder well lubed and sharp . makes it much easier on the shredder motor .
would recommend to anyone looking for a lrge format printer . i wished it had 11 x 14 " size in the standard print size index , photo paper .
i really love correction tape . i remember the old liquid which was such a pain . these are fine and i've got no complaints .
good product . original packaging and box . comes with return packing directions and prepaid labels for recycling . wrapped in original foil .
all i can say with my kid back in school this is a great deal just right for all her school work and the price sure was nice !
these won't fall off of the envelope in transit . appears to be super strong glue . prints well , looks good .
i was so happy to find this item , very practical . and the price was sweet.great add to warehouse or home use .
the cartridges are ( a ) expensive and ( b ) perfectly compatible with the existing inkjet printer . that's about it . epson , quit price-gouging , please .
these pens write smooth and last a long time . they are also wonderful for drawing as well . glad i purchased a whole box .
used with new binder , these dividers certainly hold up better than thin plastic ones . much more visible in use than a simple colored tab .
if we knew it was this slow to scan we would have purchased another scanner . it is too slow for the office .
i finally found just the right size for my folded notes . paper is sturdy enough and perfect enough for my needs
great inexpensive product . we go through a lot of pens at the office . this is a great answer at a great price .
we use these in our training sessions and no one has complained about a pen not working during the week-long session ...
these guys seem to work as well as the name brand version of ink cartridge . i'm not sure if i will need to pay full price again .
this is my favorite pen of all time . i carry it everywhere . what else is there to say ?
bought it with the lamy pen . this is a must if you use the pen often , as it cuts the cost down considerably .
the folders were received as described . they are made of standard quality and the variety of color is most helpful during school list filling time !
this is good for keeping records on everyday life events . everything from purchases to insurance policies . i love the color very vivid .
i really like these . they are heavy duty and clear . i go through them like crazy , using them for recipes at work .
i think this paper worked well as a generic paper for my printer , it is a little thin , but that's to be expected for the price .
these labels stay in place well and don't smudge all over like some do . i've been pleased with them , especially regarding the permanence of hold .
this went with the set we purchased . needed another extension . was easy to set up with the full set of phones .
this is my first shipment of this ink for my canon pixma mg5320 , but they have worked like a charm . i will continue to order these .
this is a great investment . real any of my other reviews . i love these .
i love it it is perfect i love it exemt i have to refill studid 7 different tiny color filter cartridgrdsnd informed her
i bought a third party cartridge and had to return it due to terrible print quality . this unit is perfect .
sturdy envelopes that have a simple sealing mechanism , just lift the bottom fold and close the flap over it . a good buy .
easy to clean / lubrucate your shredder . just shred one of these . depending on how gummed up or dry your shredder is you can hear the difference !
this is great for organizing coupons . i used to store all my coupons in a big folder . now they are neatly organized in this binder .
this two pack holds two extra large black ink cartridges for you hp . ( check your printer to see if these are what you need ) .
the new cartridge definitely works better than remanufactured ones . the ink last longer and i can check ink quantity remaining
not too much to say about this product . we have a hp printer that uses this type of cartridge so we order it . it fits and works .
these cartridges work fine with my mg7120 , color is good , and the price is a fraction of canon's .
this is the best double-sided tape available . i have used many different kinds , but this one has them all beat .
the page ( s ) fit into the sheet protector very easily and the crystal clear clarity looks like it will last a good long time .
great grip , excellent ink flow ... love these pens ! colors vibrant as well ..
this mousepad has a smooth surface and works great with my mouse . it's nothing fancy but it works and the price is right .
works great , good value , but , i've seen thicker . i would have liked that . besides that , they are worth the money .
drop the cassette into the printer , check your settings and you're good to go . made for the printer , so nothing else to do .
odd behavior on the black cartridges in some cases , but otherwise fine . color is good and performance for cost relative to brand cartridges is very good .
decent price for all necessary colors and genuine canon ink cartridge . also comes with a pack of photo paper .
nice quality pencils ! nothing cheap bout these but the price . my son loves them and uses them daily . thank you .
nice office item and they actually stay put , i have had a few that didn't after a while these are fantastic !
holds a lot of papers . secures them well . made of a very sturdy material . very reasonable folder for the price .
i don't have that printer any more but they are good cartridges . it is ok what else can i say .
this is a perfect size for small places . i'm using it on the fridge for groceries we run out of and notes to kids ! !
after my previous solar calculator stopped working except in strong sunlight i looked for something basic and dependable . this is it and reasonably priced , too .
works wonderful and clean separations . very nice for the price and the great buy period . thank you for the great product .
we needed a phone for the bed room and this one fit the bill.no more to say , it does the job at a low cost .
this printer is awesome ! easy to set up , prints fast and clear documents.there isn't one thing i don't like about it .
they are pins . works just fine . the colors are nice i guess . they get the job done as supposed to
great pen , nice nub size . it fits really well in the hand and writes nicely . a little expensive but it's imported from germany .
i love these tabs . i use them all the time . they are thick and sturdy . i wish more came in a package .
this is a special set that has bright colors and brush tips to use on any type of paper cloth or coloring page
i make more uses out of this than i expected . a nifty device worth every penny of the $ 99 i recently spent at staples
i use these for my daytimer planner love these pockets , very durable . i wish there was some pink and purple colors .
these notebooks are fine . maybe a little flimsy but they get the job done . my kids loved drawing in them !
other than the color discrepancy , that is clear from the picture of the product , this is a good product at a good price . i recommend it .
cheap , check.sturdy enough , check.arrives undamaged , check.way larger than regular pencil cups , check.what ' s not to like ? makes you regret previous cup purchases .
these are excellent 2 pocket folders and a plus is they are made of recycled materials . give them a try !
very good printer . it is used in a work situation . they wanted a small printer that would print very quickly .
we don't need a fax machine often , but when we do this functions perfectly . much better than going out and paying to have someone fax for you .
i was hesitant at first to purchase no name shipping labels . these are fantastic . i have wasted a lot of $ on name brand product .
the plastic protective slip over the holes on the papers falls off , leaving the paper vulnerable to being torn.absolute waste of money . do not buy this !
works for all your needs . i use it to store my pokemon cards and i'm 40 . gotta catch them all ! ! !
i bought this toner for my brother printer , copy and fax machine . i have had no problems , so i would recommend it .
excellent product and print quality . a better value than purchasing directly from hewlett packard company . i will continue to buy this product from amazon .
i love this heart dispenser and the pink is great and it can double as a paper weight i just love it on my desk .
i needed a few cheap mouse pads and these are great . 94 cents and problems solved . i wish all problems could be solved this easily .
excellent ball point pens , box full , usual high bic standard of quality , great for writing on just about any surface.box contains 12 pens.highly recommended .
easy to set up . works with all my computers . seems to get alot for the price . it is a little slow but otherwise works well .
these are good high quality markers . i had these for a long time and they still work great . the price is really good .
it serves its purpose . has tons of labels in the pack . the easy peel series is unbeatable , in my opinion .
these dry erase pens work and they're slim enough to carry around , if necessary . i carry a small bag for my job so this feature is terrific .
bought this for my wife's red laptop . it matches the computer and it works fine as a mousepad . nuff said !
these sheets are great and using the required inkjet printer does not smudge once printed . sticks well to surfaces and holds it shape well .
most of these poly sheets have open tops and bottoms to stuff falls out , these don't and they are great , i highly recommend
makes us feel safer ... we shred all bank statements etc ... we are paperless with a lot of our credit cards better safe than sorry .
works good sounds good so far , we'll see if it lasts 20 years like the last phone did .
had no problem with these staples . isn't that the only real qualification for staples ? you put them in and they work ?
looks like a pro job , ironed on great , crisp and clear . really happy with this product .
i love carbon copy receipts . i keep one , tenant gets another its the best way to do receipts . worth the purchase and priced right '
i only use canon products , paper and ink , for my " canon pixma pro 100 " . i have never been disappointed with these products .
i think " elmer's " name by itself is thefirst glue ever made.then , the restcame along afterwards . it does gluevery nicely . t . m .
the ink is nice . i writes mostly orange and thicker areas comes out red . lovely hue and fun to write with . flows nicely .
i love these pens . they write so nicely and clear ... i use them every day at work . would highly recommend and well worth the price !
it's typical avery quality . as nice or nicer than the hallmark labeled brand , at a more competitive price , and , produces quality cards .
great for various project and gives you the chose of various colors and will be permanent and last for the distance .
great labels . easy to use . didn't come off in my laser printer . very happy with product
this seems like a nice stapler at first but it's prone to jamming and you have to really disassemble it to fix the jam . check the reviews at staples.com
i like this color for a new " blue " ink option . it works great in my cross pen .
such a wonderful deal . works great ! no splotches or glitches so far . highly recommend this ink , especially if you do a lot of printing .
these scales were ready for use out of the box ; display is easy to read ; i like having different units of weight available easily .
i have had this business card holder for over a year now & it works great & looks nice on my desk for clients to see .
lightweight and sturdy . no issues with this product at all in terms of quality - i will order agin if needed .
i love silver and wasi surprise to find these beauties and bought them on the spot and use every chance i get
this is the only ink that really works in this printer . a little costly but makes a much better printed page .
finally , a stylish accordion folder to store important papers and easy to transport to meetings and such . i endorse it .
i only wish it would make more copies for the money . but all ink is expensive compared to the printers .
it's a genuine canon ink cartridge . it works just like it has supposed to . i would have been surprised if it didn't
ink prints clearly on my documents . while using this for printing this ink show great quality on my documents i rate this excellent quality .
it does exactly as you would expect it would , built to take a nuclear explosion , but just a couple of tads over priced .
i like these envelopes . they don't stick together in the humidity , they separate well , the glue to close works well.functional . reliable . good price .
good , basic scanner . i just needed something to copy documents and this does it quite well . i have found no problems with it so far .
our house cannot keep a electric sharpener for more than a week . so far so good hope the other reviewers were right about it .
for printers that take 02 cartridges is the only aftermarket one that works well 1 time every time . too bad the printer quit before the cartridge did .
these pencils work great and a good buy for the price . i will certainly be buying more of these pencils .
we use these for storing all of our accounting paperwork at our office . they do the job . good quality , good for stacking , have no complaints .
these have never jammed my printer , are easy to peal off , and are strong enough to adhere to an envelope without worries .
price is reasonable . shipped fast , and good quality . its my second time buying the same prodcut . and will buy again due to the good price
opening is too small for letter size envelopes . really groans when placing maximum 5 sheets thru shredder . top heavy and tips over easily .
back up phone that operates without power . so can be plugged into any jack in the house . runs if we trip any circuit .
what a buy , way less than walmart and got more than i really expected . very light and easy to work with
required for and by the school for note and marking page , tagging work progress easy to carry little pack in pocket always ready
love these , great quality , i use these to sell estate vehicles . they make the vehicles value go up an average of $ 500
these work great in my printer , and peel easily from the backing . we use them to put important information on business cards for reminders .
i order this toner cartridge all the time for my office printer . i recommend to everyone who has this printer . great quality .
i've tried ( and thrown away ) several different fax machines over the years ... and so far this one seem to be better than any of the others .
works great ! what can i say , it does what a card reel is supposed to do . works so much better than the plastic ones .
a low-price all-in-one with great quality and ease of use is hard to find . now you've just found one !
glad i did get this and i'm very please with these sharpie markers and highly recommend these markers to anyone who want to buy them . 100 % please
love this labels . very bright colors , high quality . i hope post-it continues to do more of this kind of product .
i prefer this size and shape of highlighters to the fat ones . they are easier to store and to use .
works great ! perfect line up . no trouble at all , just put it in like you would paper !
these work well in my p1102w hp laserjet printer and is a fraction of the cost over the brand name cartridges . a good buy .
i was pleased that it came on time , and is in original packaging . i needed it and try to order one in advance .
had an old one for about 25 years that finally died , hope it is as good . ask me in 25 years ...
this stapler works smoothly and staples at least up to 20 pieces of paper . it isn't too heavy in the hand . i like it .
i do not buy refill ink or compatible ink . only oem genuine canon ink . i wouldn't recommend anything but that to anyone who owns a canon .
it's hard to write a review on ink cartridges . this cartridge was authentic , it is performing well . i would recommend .
i am still trying to get used to it but it works great . my laptop sits right on and doesn't slide around or off .
not much to say about these . they're easy to install and ship quickly . i've never had a problem with these toners in about 2 years .
this is another useful tool to help encourage my twelve year old daughter to embrace her creativity . the sketchbook is sturdy and has held up well under use .
these bags are very durable even though they don't look to be . they're very convenient for most things i sell on e-bay .
i am a third grader and these pencils are just awesome ! ! my dad insists only on using these pencils for homework . excellent eraser and fantastic writing .
this is a wonderful tool to ensure that your cd and dvd labels are centered on your discs for a very professional look !
for certain files , its more convenient & easier to find smaller pieces of paper or individual items when i have them compartmentalized in these 3 tab folders .
these self-sticking envelopes are great paired with usps self-sticking stamps . no fuss ; no muss . i recommend especially for those who are doing a lot of mailing .
i bought this printer so my wife could print wirelessly from her laptop . works very well . prints relatively quick and no paper jams .
these work as expected . over all we have been impressed with the brother printer . pinter and consumables are reasonably priced when compared to other brands .
this is the best mail order packing tape i have ever purchased.very good deal for six rolls . i would purchase again .
this one works , had a hand one which always had problems . this one is much easer to use.blab blab blab blab
this sharpender is not really that good . my pencils don't get a nice sharp at all . i already messed a few pencils trying to work this thing .
it's a cute little stapler and it seems to staple easily enough . i do like the size of it , it's much smaller than a standard size stapler .
cuts boxes and tape . cheap , love them . you can put them all over the house in various rooms so you never need to look for one .
i don't have anything bad to say , it works well , it does what it is supposed to , but it is a mouse pad . enough said .
thanks to amazon for this item at a decent price . canon is way too proud of it to buy it retail .
this is a very sturdy and stylish product for people who want their monitor at a higher level . it looks good and doesn't cost much either .
this pad is soft and is this , it's the perfect mouse pad . the top is fabric but that's great the mouse always works on this .
i need these for doing crossword puzzles ( i have to erase a lot ... don't tell anybody . ) they work very well and i really like them !
i use this in the construction of model airplanes . good adhesion . it is clear finish . excellent 3m product . i would recommend .
this was a christmas present for my 17yr old granddaughter for use on her posters and fuzzy art and she loves them
really cute . love these disposable fountain pens . no , they don't bleed through paper . great buy . this is my second set . highly recommend .
i buy a pack or three of these every year.they last forever and have nice , solid lines that will last for miles .
this product is great for the office and at home . the results are always clear and printing is fast as well .
the ability to peel these off and hand them out is very professional . i like how these upgrade our events with very little input of effort .
i don't have any problems with them . and they stick well , no peeling or curling . they work well . very happy .
pencil work great . high quality lead . writes well . well worth the money . why go to staples when amazon has it all ?
the avery brown labels are great for reusing large envelopes or boxes using for mailing books for ebay selling . i highly recommend them .
i finally have a book that i write all my lyrics and poems :) <3 yippy its a great :)
i got this for work and it helps me when i am giving presentations . i like using it very much .
about the size of the palm of my hand ( men's large ) . works well . nothing to get excited about , but a good basic calculator
worst of the worst . i can't get past printing a test page that i didn't ask for or want to print to begin with .
good printer , does what i want it to , no problems yet as far as i can see . i hope there will be no problems .
very smooth lead . these pencils are specifically requested to be used in our office because they write so smoothly .
yeah , it's a mouse pad , but the top surface is poorly attached and curled up very quickly . better to have one that's all one piece .
this is by far a great alternative to the high priced name brand toner cartridges ! i use it in my personal and school printers and it lasts forever !
what can i say about hole reinforcements other than they work well . nothing tears once they're on and they stick well without coming off .
great concept . sticks to the wall perfectly , and the notes pop out easily . 5 stars .
these are high quality labels with good adhesion . perfect size for my needs . doesn't get much better than this .
my husband uses allot of binders for his music and he will only use mead . these are the best binders for the job
i used these strip to mount a light but large mirror , and they worked great ! a quality product .
as always it works great just doesn't last long enough . that is all i have to say on the subject
solid set of markers for home or work white boards . they pretty much are what they are but i need this line to post the review .
i bought this mouse pad to use in my home office . it is small so it does not crowd my desk and is functional .
i love using this tool when creating cards , scrapbooking and for any other crafty task involved in cutting paper with a clean straight line .
we have been trying several kinds of pens but we have come to like pentel energel the best as they write smoothly and have a nice grip .
sent as a gift to hold pencils for a young artist . positive comments and happy recipient . makes a nice accompaniment to a set of pencils .
these cross refills worked great with my older cross pens . the ink wrote very well and did not smear or fade .
ballpoint pen refill , works as advertised . not jumping out of my skull about it , i knew what i was getting into .
good deal for this product i paid more than this at an office store several years ago happy customer i am .
this is an excellent product it does everything it is suppose to . i would highly recommend this machine who does laminating
have many of these throughout the office . everyone seems to like the dependability of them . no software issues , which is a great plus.would recommend .
i have a 13x 19 printer and i think the ink tanks are lasting pretty long , considering i sometimes print 13x 36 prints .
i've been using this tape for years . it's strong and holds package firmly for shipping or storage . i like it so much , i ordered 6 of them
i bought several of these and gave some to my neighbor's wife for her children she teaches at her school .
these are nice , colorful mini binder clips that are a must for any office environment . they do what they are supposed to do: hold papers together .
definitely am enjoying these pens . love the colors and the fluid writing style of the pen ! will repurchase in the future
you can't live in this world without taking phone messages , and this makes it easy . good , clear , easy to read .
excellent and fair priced clear dividers are easy to customize and apply to any background color because of their transparency .
works great with my epson label maker . very happy with purchase - easy to install and use . quality is great too . would purchase again .
quality is not too great . not that sturdy and stong . it feels kind of like regular paper . however , it still gets the job done .
i was almost going to get the extra fine one's but these are very thin . well worth the price and they write well .
i wasn't expecting to be so pleased with these , but the results are stellar--cards you'll be proud to give . i've gotten many compliments on them !
these leads are good for those who are just beginning to learn to write cursive , or for those who press hard on their writing tool .
this is a dual sided scotch tape , small size and serves its purpose for art and decor work . it is simple and does its job very well .
exactly as advertised , no problems at all . printing perfectly with no unwanted or superfluous lines or misfires to mess up perfectly printed documents .
this comes fast and it cheaper then any other ink cartridge my canon likes these and it works great . i buy them a lot comes packed well
they sent me wrong cartridge so i sent them back , no use keeping something you can't use sent back already
scotch clear light duty packaging tape 610 was in santa's workshop this year . lays down clear and smooth . easy to peel off roll , and applies well .
good price for a high quality expanding file . only 13 pockets , but i think it will fit a lot of paper without falling apart like other files .
it pretty much does what it is supposed to do , protect my wood floor . it was a good price and i would recommend it .
these pens are great . whether i am writing manuscripts or simply doing the bills i love the smooth writing style and intense ink .
a staple is a staple is a staple . they fit my stapler and i have really nothing else to say .
sturdy and strong . easy to work with . this is a good small roll of packing tape . it holds well and resists breaking . good stuff !
i've used this on my paster walls and it has left no marks . holds my 8.5 x10 photo frames up great !
what can i possibly tell you about elmer's glue sticks ? ? ? simply said - - - it will transport you ! ! !
good tape , wish it would hold a little better as the edges don't stick as well as expected a good product when you looikg for cost savings
quality highlighters . sometimes when you get a highlighter it doesn't glide smoothly but these work really well . much better deal packaged as a set too .
i am happy with it , works fast and accurately . i would recommend it to anyone who needs a laser scanner .
it works like any converter , not much to say . the red doesn't look very attractive in a clear pen like the lamy vista though .
this is the best brand of tape . but if you are thinking of ordering it , shop around because i did find it cheaper on other sites .
this tape is strong and used for packaging bundles .. it features an easy to find edge and strong adhesive.highly recommended for taping of any box . durable .
i did not read reviews before i bought it . i still have not figured it out how to set it on only lbs . so it requires some work
but i do know that it is cheaper than the ink needed for my previous [ now broken ] all-in-one ink jet .
canon ink is much better than the cheapo brands . this is a case of you get what you pay for .
my second brother printer purchase within a month , one for daughter's dorm , one home . good , simple , easy to use printers .
i bought this for my canon pixma ix6520 . i wish this ink lasted longer , as it's very expensive . installation is a breeze , though .
this paper is good but was too expensive , if you want to do just general copying would not recommend , get something cheaper .
pretty much everything you want in a typical cork board . it has good size and solid construction for the price point .
very rigid and easy to assemble.the center platform does not flex at all . very nice design.good price . i recommend it .
always works just the way it should , never clogs up and i don't get my fingers dirty refilling it - worth the cost
it is the cartridge for my printer and i prefer to order it here since it is a bit cheaper than at walmart .
these pens really add zing to a presentation ! the colors are soft yet have that shimmering gold that will attract attention . another quality product from sakura !
i found these labels worked well , but if you don't like bright electric colors , these may not be for you .
i've shopped around and found this to be the best way to buy ink for my canon mx850 , which i love by the way !
as always these are a good product . i use post-its at work and home . i appreciate the fact they are recycled . pastel colors work for me .
the large black keeps leaking . i probably will not order these again as this was very hard to clean up .
the brother laminated tape works perfectly in my brother label maker . not having to pay inflated costs at the local office supply store is a plus .
prints great with my epson & they don't jam in the printer . sticks well on both letter envelopes & padded envelopes .
this tape does exactly what it's supposed to do ! it's virtually invisible on wrapping paper and holds everything in place .
i'm a fan of avery sticky notes . the box tops are an added bonus for me because i'm a box top saver which benefits my grandchildrens schools .
easy to install in hewlett packard 6500 officejet printer , vivid color and accurate printing on hp multipurpose paper ; cartridge gets empty fast and must be replaced
this tape does just what it's supposed to.and with this pack you get much more for your money !
very nice phone system . works great with mobile phones also . great value for some many extensions .
this is great if you are a reader . especially if you lose your good book markers.this does the trick.great price .
your regular checkbook register . nothing more and nothing less . they look like the ones the bank used to give me for free .
received this little gem with an ink purchase . noodlers hit the spot with this everyday writer , and have already ordered more .
good tape . can't say much more than that . it's metallic , sticks well and is easy to use . care must be taken with any self-adhesive material .
this colorful desktop item looks and looks fine . cheers up my desk and is a handy desktop need . it is very useful .
to my surprise , these really are removable . a great product and when these run out i will buy more .
what is not to love about a sharpie ? these are the best , and to have an assortment of colors handy is a nice luxury .
nothing to really review . it is the exact receipt book you have seen a hundred times at various places . nothing exceptional to report .
love how these pens rights and the color . i have always used rsvp pens but thought i would try something new and i am glad that i did .
i have had really bad luck with oem cartridges in the past , but these are great in my epson workforce 3540 and the price is fantastic !
these cartridges perform as they should , i have had no problems . unless there is a problems with this type of item , it is difficult to rate .
epson ink is always good just more expensive than i would like . the colors always come out perfect and make my pictures look great .
the ruler arrived without damage . it looks straight . the printed graduations probably will rub out soon , per other reviews . for the price , useful .
all ready rated this item once before.it is excellent for packing and shipping items , handy for house hold use as well .
doesn't tear easily and leaves no residue even after being " stuck " for weeks ! just as good as the post-it brand !
i bought this to clean my monitor and tv screens , and it works like a charm . far more cheap than other alternatives .
i use this item a lot to mail clothing . light weight , strong , waterproof & a very good value . highly recommended .
unlike the typical tabs , these are a thicker plastic with a preformed angle for easier file cabinet visibility . very good product .
really like this and seems to be not as hard on paper as others , so definitly reccomend it to any pencil artist .
if you like fountain pens , you will fall in love with this brand and style . i love how smooth this pen writes . thank you .
long-lasting output , vivid color on multipurpose paper xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxx xxx xxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx
this works well as freezer tape . it fits on the standard tape dispenser and does what it is advertised to do .
it is easy to use and the mouse glides but doesn't slip around . it has been great also to protect my table .
i never got the hang of this product . with the loading and fitting around my hand comfortably , i could've been done with the wrapping by then .
a great addition to any corkboard setup . this is the standard push pins that comes in a variety of colors .
i use this in my pilot vp , and to be honest , it is my best ink for that pen .
four pack was a great value . only wish the print took a larger cartridge so i would not have to replace them so often .
it got here quick and it is well made . there is a nice pocket on the outside . the ring openers work well .
maybe useful for home business purpose but not for normal home where you send seasonal cards and payment checks only .
every teacher needs a set of these pens for planning and grading . they add nice color to your work and they don't bleed through the paper .
color coding is a must in a multi-environment archive system and now you can match the folder with same color clips .
this is my favorite shipping label to use when shipping products . it creates a paper receipt which helps with tracking without having to write it down on paper .
these are as good as post-its . that's all that needs to be said , really.oh , and i like the colors too . a fine product .
these swingline retractable badge reel are great . they're study and well made . the color matches my scrubs perfectly and the product itself is quite stylish .
exactly as described . works as expected . packaging materials & free standard shipping are an added plus .
they work well for me - i tend to laminate items and then trim the edges . these allow that and still stick together just fine .
it's a toner cartridge . it works exactly as it should . i wouldn't mind seeing the price come down a bit , but that's printer accessories for ya .
looks great with the storage zipper pocket and all but fell apart after very minimal use . i'd steer clear of this brand , based on this experience .
canon products are usually top-notch . this is no exception . prints are clear and well detailed because , well just because they are .
both my wife and our grandson love this set of ballpoint pens . they write very well , do not smudge , and allow variety of color !
awesome bookstand for heavy medical books to light documents . koreans definitely know how to build a good book stand ! get it !
these refills work fine in the printer , just be careful when you open them because if you do it too quickly you can get ink on you .
i found these cartridges work well ... the only draw back was they don't last long . they deliver great high quality pictures .
not sure if it's the laminator or the sheets that determine good laminations but this product hasnt given me any issues yet .
i have been looking for a brown-ish , non metalic fountain pen ink ... i'd heard of this one ... it's really nice ! looks like antique script !
you can install it in almost any location and it will work with two phone lines and intercom between phones and base unit
i love the versatility of this little stapler . it looks so cute on my desk and it staples very well !
came as described and fit my printer perfectly . easy to install . i have had it in my printer for 2 months with no problems .
these really clean up the work being erased , unlike pencil end erasers that just leave a mess . great for the job .
twin pack was a great way to save money . only wish the print took a larger cartridge so i would not have to replace them so often .
it's good i just which is was a little cheaper . the printing is clear and last a long time . great product
well this would have made a nice printer for the price . it's easy to use but i don ; t think koday will be around much longer .
perfect . just what i was looking for . good quality . reasonable price . i would recommend these to other customers that may be thinking about purchasing them .
the product works well with inkjet printers . prints crisp and clear . the labels are super sticky and stick well to the files / paper
this is a great set for the price . the pencils are somewhat difficult to sharpen . heat them a bit before sharpening to help with this problem .
the ink from hp works fine and prints nicely . but theprompts from hp on cartridges running out of ink are not at all accurate .
this colorful binder is a welcome addition to my shelf , providing attractive relief from the plain ol ' boring white ones .
awesome awesome great product very into the quality i am so happy thank you for a quality product thank you thank you
these are the easiest tanks to use . i have never had a problem with them . i follow the directions and get results .
these tablets are quite nice to " to-do " items or general notes . i find myself using these note pads on a daily basis .
i really like these handy labels . they adhere well as well as peel off .
the shade of color was just exactly what i was looking for . when it runs run out i'll be back to buy another bottle !
the gun is small and has a nice grip . i use this for part of my work in the retail industry at kohl's .
toner is always expensive , but it was a decent deal at amazon , plus it comes with photo paper ( which i haven't used yet ) .
i am always in need of an envelope . these are great . the perfect size . and i love that i don't have to lick them ! :)
returning ; it's not a cross cut shredder ; my mistake because it states that it is stip shredder in the copy .
these don't have the extra plasticy stuff on the outside that makes them hard to sharpen . excellent , been around forever , made in america . love them .
these pouches work perfect and are so crystal clear . i would defiantly buy again , and what a deal ! you can't go wrong .
these refills work as they should and they seem to last a long time . zebra pens are quality pens and i use them for work everyday .
i love my dymo label machine and have multiple choices of color tapes is perfect for all my various needs .
avery two-side printable clean edge business cards for inkjet printers , ... is a great value compared to box stores . will re-order .
superior adhesive doesn't harm paper - cliche but you get what you pay for ! wish they had more colors .
these notebooks are durable and comfortable to write with . the paper is smooth . the cover color is pleasant . i would buy again .
good pens , easy to use , comfortable to write with for an excellent product and the price is reasonable and appreciated muchly
after two weeks of waiting i was informed that i would not be getting this product . i think i got a refund . not sure though .
these are a good deal for quality paper . they are a lot stronger than the no brand stuff . they are heavy stock and very bright white .
this belkin standard mouse pad is useful for my spare computer . however , i find that i prefer a smooth surface to a cloth-type surface .
this was a great deal and i was pleased with the purchase . will order again when i run out of item .
this cartridge last longer than the 41 standard cartridge . it works well with my canon mp460 all-in-one printer .
yes the tabs were easily applied , used a permanent marker on the colored tab ... successfully . overall these tabs seem sturdy and well crafted .
very easy to set up and operate . quiet , simple , small . very happy with this and would recommend it to anyone .
the colors are nice , however the ink seeps through and shows through the other side , which is pretty annoying on double-sided pages .
these are my absolute most favorite pens . i am a nurse and i think every nurse has a little bit of an ocd about pens !
despite approaching 7 years old i really like my pixma mp530 . this is the ink i need for it at a fair price . good consistent quality .
nice , easy to read screen and simple to use . my first digital postage scale and first postal scale that will weigh larger parcels .
this ink was purchased for a canon 9000 photo printer . i ordered it just as a spare cartridge but am very happy with the performance of the 9000 .
if you need a binder then this is a perfectly adequate on , nothing stand out but also nothing lag behind .
i love this system as it produces really sharp labels . but the materials are not cheap and i have found that i am buying more than i expected .
really convenient size to organize your thoughts . no awful cork smell & easily mounts to the wall .
great replacement cartridges that work exactly as the factory cartridges at a fraction of the price . same great colors , same bold black print .
what a great idea for sharpe pens to be retractable ! makes working with them oh so much more convienent !
i'm happy with the printer and it does all it is supposed to do . the paper trays are a bit flimsy but isn't everything these days ?
does everything it is supposed to do , exactly as it should . setup was easy and i've never looked back . nice job hp .
pencils still have their place in the world ... and especially mechanical pencils . the one feels good in hand and works well . recommended .
great savings and no difference from what i usually buy at office depot for much more money . definitely worth it for us here at our business
it's a canon cartridge . the price is below retail . the box is pretty . what more do you want from me ? ?
these cartridges last a very long time compared to the ones in other printers i have owned , prints come out dark and clear
purchased these for the office to use for board members packets . they open smoothly , not hard to close , nor cheaply made .
i use a lot of these enveloopes for greeting cards and they are fine quality ... go through the printer really well and have snug fit for the card .
it served its purpose but was a bit sticky . they are needed & were used properly . nothing big to complain about
this tag is extremely useful . the size is perfect for most of the packages . i use these tags everyday now .
easy to stack , smaller footprint because you can stack these up , up , up ! liked them so well , bought several sets .
i again give this a 5 star this cartridge works well and lasts for about 5 months with average use .
so for so good , i have only used one cartridge so far to early to be completely sure will keep
all there , don't break any worse than any other brand , and fit 0.5 mm automatic pencils . what more do you want ?
for someone in small private business who knows little about accounting this is for you . it is fairly simple and it works well for me .
this does the work very nicely , i just wish the ink would last longer even a year would help . this lasted about six months ,
i put my file on this holder . wow , everything looks clear and very nice . i would ask for every body to get one
needed a white marker to put some white letters on some small blocks this worked just great thank you norm
perfect is special in order to last and color black in all spots please try it canon is one number 1
came quickly and i am delighted with price . i use a lot of ink and these inks keep my pocketbook a lot happier .
these laminating pouches have worked really well for us . it's a great value and i will buy more from them in the future .
i bought this to laminate things for my classroom at home . love the various sizes , less waste , and convenience of being able to get things done .
inks were not too dry or less than perfect ; were same hp quality for a better price than in a brick & mortar store .
a classic , well made phone like they all used to be . feels good in your hand and sounds good when you listen . inexpensive but made well .
i sell a lot online , and these bags are perfect and weigh next to nothing . they are an ideal solution for professional , lightweight mailing ! !
this laminated tape works wonderful in my tape printer . i have found not problems with it . i will definitely buy this product again .
we find that by buying the swingline premium staples we have much lessjambs with our staplers and really who has time for that - great product
ordered this as a gift for a church who needed them for office supplies . they appreciated it and thanked me for it .
these are great pens . good design , the gel flows very easily . works great for when you want a bright red line .
always order these for my office printer . it is long lasting and is great for office use . i recommend to everyone .
it's nice and professional looking ; not cheap at all . i use it at my main table at all my craft shows and it looks wonderful .
these labels to use on packages are just what i need.there is adequate s [ ace for the address and i like the extra section for the return address .
works well . use it in my office . does a good job on sharping pencils . like the size , not balky , doesn't take up much space .
pretty good prints for the price , but too expensive . i hope they start to sell refurbished canon ink cartridges soon .
nice quality product , quite large tabs and i prefer the rounded . these have worked well in binders and are quite durable . i definitely recommend these !
great stocking stuffer for daughter who works shifts and needs posties for frig reminders . they were bought on sale . would not pay full price .
i attend many lectures and conferences , taking notes in my favorite medium : spiral-bound notebooks.these tabs help me to quickly find the various topics and lecturers.great idea !
i got through these like the world is ending tomorrow . i use them all day everyday . culinarians use them to date everything and label everything .
i ship packages often and i use this heavy duty tape for all of the packages . it works well every time .
pilot makes nice gel pens and i prefer fine tips . the pens are very comfortable to use and don't leak and i have very little trouble with smearing .
one of the four casters is of a different type and doesn't fit . i emailed the company--more than a week later , still no reply .
if this is the kind of mailer you need you won't regret this purchase , its clean and does it's job well if not super amazing .
i teach avid and we use dry erase markers like crazy . this 12 count boxes are the best deals . i recommend them .
it's an hp product for an hp printer . i stick with oem inks just to avoid down time and printer malfunctions . suits me fine .
these are probably ok , i ordered the hardwood floor ones accidentally and they don't work that well on carpet ... my fault .
i have used only gel pens for as long as i can remember . most have been adequate and have lasted a reasonable time . these last longer !
ok , it's just paper , but the spacing of the lines was perfect for my 3rd grade granddaughter . she actually enjoyed using it .
these are a fantastic deal - great markers with eraser tops that last a long time ! i would definitely recommend !
it works just like your regular scotch tape does . no prblems . my daughter liked the color so she took it to school .
just what i needed ! i smallish bunch of bubble wrap but with substance . perfect for everyday shipping or wrapping those fragile objects to move safely .
i use this tape to temporarily hold down paper while stenciling around the paper forms . works well for that , easily removed , doesn't leave a residue .
this is good ink , it's very cheap and it works great . i always use it and i never have a problem .
it is an ink cartridge replacement so what is there to say . it worked and is cheaper than walmart or office stores .
i really like this organizer . the metal is very good quality and holds up way better than the plastic kind .
canon ink is very good and prints great photos . i love my inkjet printer for printing photos quickly and this ink is top notch .
this is a good product and is my second order . it also has great colors and quality for pictures and on papers which i love .
i go through an amazing number of black ink cartridges and am very satisfied with the kodak 10xl ink cartridge .
sturdy construction and a perfect fit for my mailing needs . the sealing adhesive is industrial strength . overall , am very well pleased .
works great . mouse glides easily over pad . wrist rest works well . pad doesn't slide around , stays on desk well . highly recommend .
setting up to print on the labels is easy . the result is excellent . the labels won't fall off in shipping . great product .
great staplerive had it for a couple months and it works greative stapled up to 18 sheets and no problem yeti use to staple plan sheets for constructionvery pleased
these are excellent toner cartridges . they last almost forever and they do a great job .
simple , easy to use , small enough to carry , but not so small you can't push the buttons ... perfect for those needing just a standard calculator ...
quality product , made well and a good deal . these sheet protectors are great and there are so many different uses for them .
excellent filament reinforced tapedo not skimp and buy a discount brandthis 3m scotch product is worth the priceit is like apples and oranges
works as advertised . the labels do warp a bit with age but this does not affect how they print or attach .
not much to really say about a label ... but they do pull off easily , so what is most important , works well .
i bought this so i could mark my father's clothing so they wouldn't get misplaced in the nursing home . works great .
works like its suppose to not much more to say about erasers but it was decent and for the price i couldn't pass it up
interesting product , gets dirty , looses grip as expected , but is re usable , not forever though ...
i needed to dampen vibration sound from my hddvr sitting on a glass shelf . this helps .
liked this item a lot and i use it everyday at workcan't beat the pripce compared to avery labelsand quality is actually decent
love these round stic ball pen , medium point 1.0 mm , from bic , they write nice and very please with my order . highly recommend these pens
they work great in regular printer . truly blocks the old stuff . great adhesive . excellent quality !
not a bad product , it is small bottle . gotta love it in a way no more paper cuts from licking envelopes
it's a nice design that holds a lot of books ! it's easy to install in a locker and won't come off . i really like it .
needless to say thiese cartridges work perfectly . i've had bad experience with refills and will pay extra to assure consistent quality
this was delivered without the starter pack and without the carrier . had no way to try it out . returned to sender .
these pens have a nice fine gel point , as advertised . no ' blobbing ' of the ink . pen feels good in the hand .
they work in my laminater . don't know what else to say about them .
this isn't a bargain but it is real canon ink . shipping was free so buying it on amazon saved me some gas .
i got this for him a few months ago and it's still the only pen he likes to use . it works great .
bought these pens for the office , they write smooth and the price was low . they seem to out last many other pens on ink .
this black ink cartridge works just fine . nice to click a button and have it show up at my door !
this was an add to my granddaughters already large set of many colors and their bright and very nice and they seem to glow
it is what it is and epson is the brand so just writing to finish up need 4 more words
this was easy to set up all of my devices on . the print is crisp and clear and it's big but it isn't huge .
beautiful , shiny , and long lasting . no mess , no running ink like the old shake it up type . i love these markers .
having this variety of colors makes working on posters much better . these are also good for writing on white t-shirts .
these sharpie liquid pens are great . strong color and of good quality . works very well and the 10 count is perfect .
i see no difference in these clips , and the much more expensive ones you find at office supply stores . . . so i'm very happy with my purchase .
this cartridge has lasted me almost 6 months now , and the print is clear and very legible , i am very satisfied with this product and recommend highly .
well it's oil , i'm sure how one can rate this . well i can say it is in a nice bottle .
i somewhat thought this would have been a heavier paper , nevertheless i can still put it to good use ! :-)
these are great for storing my photography , but because of the anti-glare they are also not very clear , making the photos look a bit dull .
i use this to send out personal letters and it is so easy to make you own mailing addresses labels and this worked great !
these babies are a must for those who hate to lick envelopes and want contents being mailed to be protected from being viewed by third parties .
easy set-up , most of it was pre-programmed . i got this for my 80 year old father , who finds it easy to use .
was bought as a house warming gift and they loved them . simple and nice looking for the price . like the color as well .
the paper is good quality paper . the price is a little higher than i could get as sams club but i didn't have to leave the house .
the quality of these labels are great . sticks on cardboxes easily , and not easily peeled off once affixed . simple and effective .
i have used the tape before and found it strong and held my packages securely . i have yet to be dissatisfied with any ofthe scotch products purchased .
i honestly don't know why this is rated as " high capacity " as in reality , it's not much higher than the standard capacity .
great product . no issues . does it's job . i use this product at my home office . would recommend to a friend !
i love them ! they stick to whatever i put them on ! they dont start peeling off like the other brands do ... i luv em ! !
this is a great source for epson inks .. i just can't find a better price ... and they're brand new .. wrapped and shipped perfectly ! thanks !
this is noticably nicer paper than what i was previously using . i should have bought more paper in a larger quantity .
. this product is performing well and as advertised . it is used in my home where the usage is pretty light .
these are excellent labels.they write on well and print well.perfect sizes.easy to pick up and stick . 2000 labels will last me forever .
i have bought tons of sharpie pens . never had a bad one . this one is extra nice and it is fine point .
i'll buy more of these . love em . great non smearing ink and this set gives you many colors . some you might not use . highly recommend .
i tried one of the remanufactured cartridges , but it just didn't last as long or have quite the darkness of an original hp cartridge .
easy to start and great stickiness . this has been great for postal packages , and was a good value for the price .
this is a good quality tape dispenser - heavy and sturdy . it is performing as expected with no problems noted . i would recommend it .
works great and produces great prints at the 4x6 size . i wish it were able to make high resolution prints at the 8x10 or the 11x14 size .
returned it . the ink was not compatible with my computer . so i can't really rate this product . i have no further comments to say .
it's ink , what is there to say , it's name brand , prints well , plenty of capacity . i just wish amazon had subscription for this .
math is not my best subject and this calculator is perfect . i highly recomend it for students from high school on .
yep scotch does it again . reliable dependable for all uses . will be keeping this in our tool box from now on .
these tags are perfect for your files . the colors are bright & easy to see . they really help kept your files seperate & easy to find .
very good mount to use in my home office . i have a 19 " and a 20 " widescreen that it easily accommodates for my needs .
i like my canon printer and this ink is what keeps it chugging along . gives great results at a good value .
these are heavy enough to be durable and easy to fill , and also very clear . i like them a lot , would buy again .
these are really nice quality sticky notes . and i really love the vibrant colors . i'd get these again for sure !
each one of these hp cartridges can print approximately 200 pages of script . the hp printer does a good job at conserving this ink .
what can you say about an eraser ... its fine , does the job , and is as i would expect from an eraser .
i've bought these 3 times now and i've never had any problems using them.they work great for my canon printer and the price is wonderful . recommended .
i like this versatile post-it . great for bookmarking pages and tell-tales for signatures . immediately after i received it i had a use for it .
i don't need a desk for my laptop . i just use this product and i can fold it and store it aftewards .
used these for an engagement party ! i stamped them with peacock feathers . they were a big hit ! !
bulk prices is for me and they last much longer before making another purchase.this item was exceptional , don't hesitate ... buy it
no comment . i really have no comment and really ate having tap write something if i love it with 5 stars let that suffice
really like these highlighters . they are made from gel , twist as you use them . work great . good for highlighting or art projects .
these folders come in great colors . the paper is sturdy . the tabs are larger than other hanging folders i've seen . it is a very good product .
this is very good quality printing paper . it came in three separate packs . it was as i expected it . i would definitely purchase again .
i love these pencils and have used this brand for over 10 years . they are very comfortable in the hand . the price on amazon is good .
give you large are to work your mouse over . thin but it does the job , you can wash it with cold water .
haven't used it for slides , but it does a nice job with documents and pictures.includes photoshop cs , and the scanning utility included works ok .
needed to stock up before christmas wrapping time . i ordered this tape , packaging tape , and paper all at the same time .
bought this as a gift for a middle school student . it's a simple but powerful easy to use calculator . no complaints .
getting a genuine hp product for a good price and quick delivery , you can't go wrongthe refills wouldn't work on my printer
this has 1/2 the tape of 3m / scotch available at sams club . i mean very little tape actually exists on this dispenser
this device installs easily and works perfectly.it is fast to scan.the software is user-friendly and useful . options are plentiful.great product . i recommend the oem carrying case also .
these are made of nice sturdy stock , accurate size . what else can you say ? these are file folders ! they get the job done .
great item i use black alot so its really great to have this option . enjoy this item i am
we always use this for the office . very good quality and the cheapest that you can find . we love them
made stickers for out gift boxes for our wedding . we printed them ourselves and they turned out great . recommend this product .
this is a good copy paper and it is alot thicker than most . it lasted a long time and was worth the price .
it is what it is and does what its suppose to at much less price than staples or office depot or walmart for that matter
nice machine . very strong and has a nice green ready indicator button . heavy duty basket . really glad i got this one .
it is best to use the cartridges that are original brothers , they give the best results when you are printing
the colour quality is awesome , and they are genuine canon , but they didn't seem to last as long this time as the last time i bought them .
my wrists used to hurt before i got this pad and after a week of using it my wrist doesn't hurt as much .
elmer's glue has always been around for my crafting projects . this product does work well , the purple goes away quickly .
a great organizational product from a great company ! my desk if full of avery products , which makes my life a lot more organized !
runny ; can't control ink spreading into surrounding spaces , would return if i had the packaging
this one is extremely easy to use , and what you need to do is only going to its website and following the instruction .
i love these hanging folders . they are very strong quality and the multi-color is great for organization and keeping things separate .
works as ink is supposed to , but it's very expensive . will never buy a canon inkjet again . will stick to laser printers .
i love these pens , but i warn you that you had better use them and not let them sit around for too long because they will dry out .
these are well-made , no-nonsense file folders . the tabs are reinforced so that they won't curl or rip . all file folders should be made like this .
my photos printed on the canon mg6220 printer look fantastic and very sharp and the grey ink tank is needed to get the colors to look their best .
as a anally organized teacher i love all different file folders , however i needed to carry multiple folders for multiple classes so these smead pockets do the trick !
these work fine but i found the point to be a little too fine . would have liked them a little thicker .
they're solid and work as you'd expect , but they're not suited to colored pencils , charcoal pencils or anything else like that .
i bought the unit that uses these cheaper and larger ink cartridges compared to most others . very good ink quality too .
i am reordering these mouse pads becuase they are great and simple . i have purchased about 4 of these so far and love them .
these things are a hoot . we use them in the office to respond to comments from coworkers where words alone are not enough
it's a basic cordless phone that can be placed in three locations for ease of use to tell telemarketers that their jobs are obsolete .
great ball of twine--strong and sturdy enough to hold up a new-growth tree . the 300 feet should last me forever .
i have some heavy hitters in my family and we keep the house cool . the mat is holding up and doing its job .
great price , super strong & it's way compact . my students have destroyed past hand carts and so far this has withstood their handling .
being scotch the quality is there . this is in my opinion better than the whitish form of this tape . buy it .
a bit too slender for my hand not enough of a difference to warrant a special purchase . i still prefer the old cristal pens .
they work as they should . the divided my papers just fine . it is also durable . super , great , thank you much
it sure was nice to get the toner cartridge good for 6000 pages rather than 3000 and the same price ... goes down as a no brainer ! !
i always use genuine canon papers for the best results . i like the way this paper holds up well .
my son uses these in college and says the pencil lead doesn't break as easily with his heavy hands and he likes the colors . his favorite mechanical pencils .
this paper is fine and the only reason it didn't get 5 stars is the price which is okay but not great .
i have an hp printer and this paper was recommended that i use . i am always printing something or another , and this multipurpose paper is great !
good quality pens that last along time , don't smear or smudge , good price , and because it's bic they work well .
i love these they came very quickly . i use these to keep the coloring drawings my grandkids make and then put them on cork board ordered another box
lines are clear & accurately spaced , paper is of decent quality and sheets tear out easily ; what more can be said of a pad of graph paper ?
great phones . it announces the caller id between rings . i can hear better with these phones than any i've used .
easy to use . plug it in . start labeling . brother did it right . i sucks that it wastes some tape , but w / e .
got this after the battery operated one we had died . this works well and is easy for the kids to use without my assistance . good buy .
a high quality shipping bag that is sturdy and seals well . cannot reopen the bag once sealed without tearing up the bag .
much better than the standard push-pin because the body is sturdier and your thumb will thank you when it pushes against the wide comfortable top .
needed some inexpensive , durable calcs for the kids for school and these really seem to do the job quite nicely .
easy to use instructions . clear and concise color . lasts longer than other brands i have used . wrapped tightly for protection .
there really isn't much to say other than they are envelopes and are fine . i would buy them again if needed .
i bought these to doodle with and they work great . my daughter said they are the best pens she has used .
have bought this item before and the seller gives great service . super fast shipping and very well packed . will continue to buy this item from amazon .
you cannot go wrong with the price , speed or output of this small footprint laser printer that works either via usb or wireless .
easy to open and close . not too heavy for a small person to carry . first rate .
i really like these folders , they help hold small receipts , i put on in every folder if there are any sales related receipts to go in them .
very satisfied with vendor and product . very prompt deliver . product works great in my printer . great price .
i have used fine point pens for years and this is the best one that i have ever owned . i buy nothing else anymore .
great pens for writing on erasable plastic and boards . too often dry-erase markers are way too watered down and skippy . these aren't .
these work well with silver sharpie markers and white paint markers . perfect for placing notes on dark surfaces without calling a lot of attention to the note .
these are fine and we've had no problems using these at our office . convenient way for us to buy supplies .
hand cart is good value for the money . arrived quickly and easy to use .
it works like it's supposed to . no streaks that i can tell . it works just as well as brother's toner cartridge . i can't tell the difference .
i love these pens , they write great and have a very sharp point . they seem to run dry quick though , time to order more !
oh very clear , and what a great deal . i like printing 8x11 photos and putting them in booklets , this is perfect .
this is really really heavy_duty . so i don't use it for normal class , normally just use it for storing pages . very good item .
its ok but just does not last very long i only print in black but the color always runs out way before the black does.but it is good quality .
these are easy to set up in microsoft word . avery has a template that can be downloaded . simply print and apply to the dvd .
this is a truly outstanding printer ! ! and since i will not make prints wider than 17 inches , this size is absolutely perfect for me !
my wife was terribly jealous when my new chrome stapler arrived . nice , solid piece of equipment that staples very well and looks cool . treat yourself !
works fine but needs better usage instructions . but it does it's function well and is very bright and colorful . much better than thumb tacks .
when buying this , make sure these are oem and new products and not the outdated and remanufactured type or you will be sending them back like i did .
these white shipping labels with trueblock technology do cover quite well . they seem to perform as stated and i am quite pleased .
they can hold stuff in there . but it's super breakable ! too delicate from what i have . but it's good if you need for school or something .
i love that there is no licking - just peal and mail ! the quality of the paper is nice and over all just what i was looking for .
still use this to this day , the speakers are great and the fans are amazing as well , all told a must buy !
i expected better from avery . they are okay - but pages do not slide in easily - it seems like it will work better for smaller pages ...
definitely a welcome addition to small post it notes ... use these all over my office and keep me much more organized ... to do lists .
great for price paid.nothing special but it works.great for my daughter to get used to the pens.they are long lasting too
these are simple to use . an easy download into word and they printed great . the peel was easy and looked amazing on the envelopes !
this ink cartridge is xl large capacity . it will last 4x the life of a regular cartridge for a lesser price than standard ones .
i've been using these for quite some time , and they work well . the printer recognizes them just fine , and they last a reasonable amount of time .
competitive price for the quantity . this should last quite a long time around the office and serve all of our packaging / mailing needs for some time .
totally enjoy it - it was smaller than i thought it would be out the box , but i can still manage to weigh 18x14 boxes on it !
i bought two of these because of there reliability and compact-ability . they work great with batteries that i use at the office
i read reviews about how big this pad is , but i still wasn't prepared for how big it is . exactly what i needed .
then my four-year-old dropped the container and the chalk shattered into a thousand pieces . amazon says i need more words .
just what the kids needed for school . it arrived in new condition and was just what i wanted . kenwebmasterabout facts net
the sharpie chisel point assortment is perfect . great variety of colors and very useful . the markers are great quality . thank you .
used these for our save the dates . next time i'll splurge and get the adhesive self-sealing envelopes - but , hey , you can't beat this price !
these refills are perfect for the fine cross ballpoint pen . they are genuine cross brand , very good writing quality , and at a very competitive price
i like this pen cup because the acrylic is strong and heavy . the appearance is very elegant and nice for classic office desk .
good price for a general use scribble pad but for things i need to document in a file , i will buy heavier paper tablets .
i don't know how much you can say about this product , it is tape after all.but it works good and does the job .
it's notebook paper  what's to say . the package was intact , and the lines were clear . not much else to describe .
so far so good ... just clear and almost invisible when you want that . wish they came in jumbo size like the colorful ones do .
this is an item that does what it says it does . comes in good shape and works well . what more can i say ?
i like to use these as i have a few different inks , and i can swap back and forth when the mood strikes for a new color .
i've always been pleased with avery products in the past and these labels are no exception . the quality is good and the easy-peel feature is very convenient .
i love having this on my desk & being able to have the dates right in front of me & have notes that i make right there to see .
some works some don'trated 5 star cuz it feels good in the handdoesn't feel cheap at all
i needed these for my target practice with black targets to make the hits and misses . does the job well
works well and makes the computer printer have high quality print outs . was available at a very reasonable price , also .
labels are bright and peel easily . they adhere well to my crushed velvet and make a great presentation . easy to use .
this is a great product and is what i wanted . just sucks i have to buy my own supplies for work .
once again ... rave review for oval sticky print and usethey are great . my kids write on them and i print on them.used for lots of things !
sharpies are the best markers on the market . if you want a long lasting marking at a great price look no further .
every single day i'm using it for papers from the office and personal things as well . the rubber-band broke early , but the file itself held together well .
regular markers dry out too quickly . these work great and i use them all the time to draw fine lines .
i will never love ink because of the price but compared to hp this ink is really affordable and i wish my printer didnt break .
i like these refills for my parker pen as they writes smoothly . but personally i wish it could be darker .
this pilot better retractable ballpoint pen , fine point is great . i love the way it writes . it never skips . i highly recommend it .
i like these pens as i can set off marks on drawings and documents . quality seems good as well . no broken pens thus far .
good quality ink , but as with others they dont fill to top . average ink life .
i would recommend them to anyone and i really like the way that they work so well and with so much ease .
it is just what i needed to organize the stuff on my desk . it is sturdy and looks good , especially for the price ! !
good signal ! and i think it works well , but i cannot only keep the base silent , which makes me a little annoying .
the reason elmer's glue has been around for so long and is such a commonly used glue is because it works exactly as needed .
the envelopes are great . they fit what i needed them for and the press seals are a perk . the price was good , too .
i use this for grading since red is supposed to make students anxious and it's very rare one of them writes in green , so it is always noticeable
love these chalks . the colors are vibrant , they write smoothly , erase very easily and the dust is minimal . highly recommend !
i love these erasable markers . they dry quickly and there is no horrible odor .. great value also . i recommend them .
you expect tape to do a couple tasks : adhere and disappear.scotch does both . 3 rolls ... means more of what tape needs to do .
great product and price . business-minded people can't be without them ( ink cartridges ) . make that purchase ... now
when i print a tabloid full photoworkforce 1100 vs workforce 7010the wf 7010 has it beat with about 20 seconds on best settings .
i laminate all of my activities in my classroom . these are great laminating sheets . i use these at least once a week and cannot get enough .
i love these highlighters . all the color of sharpies , but beautiful highlighters . click-able is the only way to go :)
this stapler does take a lot less effort than most . but it's pretty big and hefty . also , it doesn't come with even one row of staples .
i bought this for husbands desk for all his clutter it is made very well nice an heavy holds alot of stuff .
i love these the most because of the self adhesive tops of the envelope . they are strong and durable . good value
these are good quality envelopes that excel at hiding the contents ; which is the reason i bought them . i would recommend them .
it is as if you turned your home phone into a smartphone . i love this company ! it is the best !
these envelopes are the perfect size for those quarter-fold cards . they look nice and the flap seals well . they are not too thin , either .
use this for presentations and anything that needs to look better than just a file copygreat price - great quality
simple product . does exactly what i need it to . cant say anything bad about it . very happy with the purchase .
can't beat staedtler quality . the perfect size to fit just about anywhere , great metal build quality and most importantly , does its job very well .
not meant for my printer although it popped up when i looked for my printers toner . very deceiving in the search engine .
that's the way i like things in my life - simple and easy - and setup / use of this is both !
horrible pencil sharpener , doesn't work , all it does is break off the tips . you get what you pay for . terrible .
nothing special but high quality and bright . i have been using for several months now and no loss of brightness or edge . good value .
in my 37.5 years as a teacher , this stapler was the only choice for fastening very thick pages of paper .
i love canon ink over hp inks , i think these lasts much longer and amazon almost always has the best price .
i just moved houses and needed a little help getting the paperwork monster under control . this item helps me categorize and keep things organized .
these are great quality , they don't rip or tear , they don't have sharp edges , they have a good capacity . they're exactly what i needed !
i have always ordered the original canon product and have never been disappointed . ink works as it should and the xl lasts longer than the basic ink .
it was not remarkable in in its performance , but did what it was supposed to while i owned it . word .
i needed a larger mesh up to put a few pairs of scissor in , and this was a great bargain .
canon , expensive but excellent . wish they would lower price to be competetive with non-oem . on averagetwice as expensive as third party carts .
we've used part of the first ream and the paper works great . i'll order these again when i need them.thank you , jeff
a very nice all in one printer that is fast and does a great job .
these don't last too long but the quality is excellent . too bad they are fairly expensive but i stick to the manufacture brand
these ink cartridges work fine and i've heard no complaints by office staff . i find it convenient to purchase on line .
these labels are really good . lets you apply and remove later when you reorganize your file . i recommend them !
i really like this package cutter . it works well , easy to hold . safer then other package cutters i have used . highly recommend .
this ink is every bit as good as the manufacturer's product it replaces and much cheaper .
bought this for my desk at school ... however i'm bad at measurements so it didn't fitwould be better for a more industrial setting , seems extremely durable !
my hometown recycle center will not allow me to place the pencils when done into recycling . that's my only complaint . these pencils are terrific .
the ink from hp is fine . but the prompts from hp about how low the cartridges are is not at all accurate .
i sell these here at my stained glass shop in indy . these cork back rules are a very good value .
this thing works very well and seems highly accurate . i have been running it on batteries for ease of transport and battery life is excellent .
it is ok great for organizing , the glue is a bit weak ... but all in all it seems durable and has many uses .
so naturally i replaced it with exactly the same item - sans a few technological advances - but not many.this is a classic and it's all you'll ever need .
i loved using this product in my school printer . i often had to buy ink myself due to lack of funds
we use this to tie up all sorts of things inside the house and in the garage , it's so much easier to use than ties or string !
when i saw this online i thought it was pretty cool but when i got it home it wasn't what i thought it was feels pretty cheap
does its job without fuss . has a nice staple puller and staples in it . very sturdy . great for someone looking for a stapler .
sophia global is pretty good at times and lasts longer than most other cheap inks but some work and some don't
i put my tape into the dispenser , and the dispenser dispenses said tape . what more could you ask for ? the price was great too !
2 x 3 feet is the perfect size for my office wall . not too heavy and easy to put up . price is good , too !
excellent . this product is lovely and is very good for use in my new printer and it is very useful
the dispenser is weighted with sand so it stays in place when you don't have a free hand . works great .
good value over avery labels . works just like them . no problems using these at all .
this device needs to be held very firmly while scanning any document . if you move too fast the document / photo will be distorted ..
it's a bell what can you say . press the button and it dings ... works as you would expect . no complaints at all .
it's ok . i use it . expect to waste 6 inches once in awhile unless you are very careful .
i've rarely had a problem with an hp product , from ink cartridges to workhorse printers . this works fine and came in the packaging as described .
nothing fancy . a basic office staple . it takes standard staples , works like it is supposed to , and has not jammed yet .
i have to order to frequently , do not really print that much , and ordering the xl does not last much longer if at all .
this product is easy to use , neat and professional . i use it to mount and organize my digital art portfolio.it helps me organize my visual library .
this wire mesh wastebasket is simply beautiful . i really like it and it is very well built - not much else to say . but it with confidence .
it's a nifty idea , and i was a bit skeptical at first , but i think it works fine . it's kind of cute too .
needed a good basic envelope and these fit thebill so to speak . and they are auto seal so that'snice too ,
it ; s inky , prints , makes pretty pictures , nothing special here , its just ink , no cure for cancer , nothing more significant . nada
this cartridge is relatively easy to replace and lasts for at a few months at moderate printing . canon software is pretty useful for helping spot low ink levels .
these are perfect for card stock or file folders . they are too heavy for paper . very strong and stick until you take them off . nice color .
now this fellowes powershred w - 11c 11 sheet cross-cut shredder ( 3103201 ) is a good buy . strong and does not block at all .
i used sharpie's at worked , and now that i'm retired i find the need is still there for so many tasks . and they never run dry .
makes working at home an option when preparing things for my classroom . saves time and provides me with a way to work on my schedule .
love them and would recommend these uni-ball 207 retractable medium point gel pens to anyone thinking about buying them and they write nice . 100 % please with these pens
i needed red lead and this works quite well . just keep in mind that the shipping is 7 times the price of the product .
i so totaaly love the bold writing and the colors are awesome . my grandkids simpley love them and the different colors keep them excited ...
i have found this to be a pretty straightforward easy calculator . compact , but the buttons aren't so small that you hit three at once ...
first laminator i've owned , so it takes a while to warm up , i'm sure that's normal . gives great laminations though .
people who know me know i love to label . these do everything that they say . ran beautifully through my printer , stick nicely . no complaints .
my spouse has a handmade wooden pen and these fit perfectly . i'm always borrowing it when i write a letter since it writes so beautifully .
bought this for work & it's very handy . it turns so i can reach all of my supplies easily . 5 stars
great price for the ink and quick deliver too ! what more can you ask for ? better priced than i could find locally .
i can't really rate this yet , because i didn't know that i needed another device to make them work . they look great though .
they work fine with no problems . while they are dated , my old printer - a photosmart c5280 - never cared about it and worked fine .
very nice , can mount with supplied double stick tape or offers a plate to put a desk . would fit nicely centered on door or by doorbell .
nice ! like the design , but if you apply lots of pressure when you write , these aren't the pens for you because the tips get ruined :(
if you have kids that can't use mechanical pencils in school , then these are the way to go . they are the best pencils you can buy .
i use markers a lot at work and these are a good value then buying them at most retail or office stores . i would buy again .
purchased these to use for family history documents . works out very well . the slanted rings allow easy turning of pages and editing.would recommend this item .
beast quality packing tape ever . the other brands don't work as well - just wish you got a little more for the money !
taking one star off because the gray color is meh . who wants a rainy-day gray , boring and depressing colored notes on their stuff ? :)
incredibly bright labels . adhesive is strong . text printed on these labels looks bold and bright . great value - - couldn't ask for more for the price !
this 8 package is great . shouldn't run out of ink for a day or two . would recommend this set for the average writer . easy to use .
i like this wastebasket . i got the set with the desktop accessory holder . works great and looks great on my floor .
the 654 ink cartridge is the same ( photo in the red box ) . it works well with the 654 xl black .
helps to protect my recipes , photos sheets , etc . they are just what i wanted and will be used for many projects
it was a lot less expensive than the canon brand but it only worked for a few copies than it stopped making copies .
avery labels are my favorite brand of labels . the work great on my laser printer . i use these to label my catalogs and other business supplies .
they are just what they say they are . i hope to use them in my hymnal to keep track of the hymns chosen for that particular service .
wipes off easily w no " ghost " of the marking . doesn't stink . i do wish the point was a little finer .
i used it for a king size temper pedic mattress and box spring and it worked just fine . a good deal .
the sharpener itself is good quality , however it is not very large so you will have to empty it a lot .
the garbage can is actually pretty big , which i like for my office since i throw a lot of papers and envelopes away on a daily basis .
i caught this product while a good special was going on . i've had no issues with spreading needed documents and i haven't had any issues with jammed papers .
these labels work well for many uses . they stick well and are easy to print on using my computer . great product !
i bought this here instead of office max and saved money . it is the same ink and works fine on my mx - 860
very low tech . nice for keeping track of due dates each month for others to see . just make sure you have time to keep it updated .
i like the sharpies , they hold up and last a great long while . i have never had any issues with them .
it is super sticky and reusable , far better than the typical sticky notes . i use these to label my aromatherapy bottles and they stay on !
perfect printer , very easy setup , fast and there are many suppliers of toner for this one . the cartridges cost as little as $ 8 .
use this in the kitchen on the wall to write on , is very nice calendar to see and large enough space to write stuff on .
they work well , but if you don't use it for a long time it will dry up and make it impossible to write with .
works with no problem - as good as oem for a small fraction of the price
this marker pen is perfect for what i wanted ; extra fine point . they last a long time & don't dry up as quickly as most others .
they're staples . they staple things ? do what the box says , fit well into my matching swingline stapler . would buy again .
these tabs are more substantial than i expected . they are angled , and i think best used for recipe & craft books .
i'm starting my own business and these are working out perfect for setting files up for my clients . avery does a good job on all of their products .
purchase these all the time for my stapler . not much one can say , except they work , real jamming to speak of .
i normally don't dig green , but this color is exquisite . it's also amazingly professional so that you won't feel odd using it at work .
thanks for the very nice hanging folders . they work perfect in my file drawer . nicely priced and well made . thanks again .
recommend to anyone using matte paperwhen opening the box , make sure you mark the box so you know which side to print .
i use it to grade my papers - - among some others . no feathering , flows great , looks good . this is my standard red .
i enjoy the wide rule , soft feel to this paper . it is as you would expect from mead west products .
no complaints with the ink cartridges . they print on my paper very nicely , and fit appropriately , and do the job i was hoping they would do ;)
what is there to say about post its ? ? ? you can never have too many and they stick everywhere . no excuse for forgeting anything now ...
smooth handling and durable . i use it for both writing and drawing whenever i work on my stories and other project .
this paper does a nice job for the price . highly recommended if you have a canon printer and like the matte look .
this canon p23 - dh v 2 color mini-desktop printing calculator is one of the best office products i have ever purchased
sharpies are always the best permanent markers you can ever use on anything so yeah ; can't beat it !
these look like good sheet protectors . my wife wanted them for the recipes she is constantly ripping out of magazines .
this is nice printer and it claims that low print cost . that is true , it has low cost ink cartridge and lit last a while .
what can i say about this . it is well manufactured and keeps your desk organized by providing somewhere to place pens and pencils .
gp copy and print paper has performed well for a long time . am a long time user and have had no problems at any time with this paper
simple self adhesive bags that can fit most products in i need to ship as well as a piece of standard printed paper .
basic paper clips for light duty and small jobs , its okay and not much more to say about it . the price seemed okay .
' cuz when i got it there were more pieces rattling around inside than a movie theater size box of razenettes !
the pop-up tape is a favorite of mine . i loved that it's compact and colorful . i used every bit of the tape during the holidays .
these laminating pouches work well with my scotch laminating machine . i'm happy with the pouches and the price is great .
i like using this paper for making prints from camera or computer . the prints really look good and clear . will buy more
i never miss getting those pages stapled together . these are worth their price . never have one that does not work
this can be used with a laptop or ipad , and i'm sure a kindle will work in it too . it adjusts easily but shelf plastic
these are great quality pens and they will hold up which is exactly what was needed for the office and home .
typical 3m quality , it's perfect.regrettably , it is manufactured in communist china . this product is easy to use and the lamination pouches are fairly inexpensive .
a package of 100 envelopes ... security envelopes at that and the special gift of self-seal . the price was a steal too ! thanks amazon !
the wrist rest is to hard and the mousepad is small . i did not like it and returned it to amazon .
this is perfect for my desk small enough and very heavy . getting one for my daughter too she loves mine
we used these for christmas present tags . they worked out well , but it was difficult to find a template online that worked and looked decent .
i bought this for when the power goes out . it works great and the price was right for a backup phone .
love these highlighters . unlike many other highlighters with colors outside of the normal yellow , orange , and pink - you can actually read the text you highlight .
the name tag set arrived as expected . the elastic strings are separate and must be attached after names are inserted .
folders what can i saythey work great and hold a lot of papersgood for organizing and they fit good in my file cabinet
this glossy everyday photo paper is good paper at a good price . ... and here are the extra words necessary for the 20 - word minimum review criteria .
staples help us hold it all together , whether it's the kids school papers or something we are working on to just a recipe neat and tidy !
i like these boxes because : - they are 100 % recycled - price is not bad - they stack nicely in the attic
yes - it's hands free and 9 times out of 10 , i can get it to scan something hands free !
this calculator is just perfect right size i can see the screen came delievered very quickly . very pleased if you have small space this calculator is perfect
ordered these as a general necessity in the office and have had no problems . they were priced well and came quickly , will buy more !
this is a great little letter opener . it opens letters very cleanly and easy to use . well worth the money
looks great on my desk and works wellit has a nice weight to it so it doesn't move as you pull
i can not keep these pens , as everyone loveswriting with them and tend to keep them.makes my snail mail easier to do ...
qualtity is correct and the paper is very sturdy , these should overcome the perils of life and come out on top .
what can you say for small stuff ? did it work on micheal jackson ? maybe cheaper . i am sure this is government required for this country .
great item to have around for those small home or office lamination jobs . great for protecting insurance cards and things of that nature .
easy to use and apply . be sure you want them there forever as they do stick permanently as advertised .
i've tried the alternative inks on my canon pro 9000 but still keep coming back to the original canon . been using it for years .
easy to set up , keeps the cpus off the floor and away from the animal hair ! make it much easier to clean around the cpus .
what can i say about a drafting pencil that is built so well . i am picky about pencils and this is now my favorite .
these sheet protectors are great and good quality . they are not cheap at all . very nice and gives a professional look .
what can i say ? excellent tape , almost invisible . dispenser works well . nothing new , no surprises .
this was a fun , cute , convenient product but i'm not crazy about specialty tape refills . i'm good with the standard roll of tape and the desktop dispenser
much nicer than even the other quartet markers i reviewed . i also like that they are slim as i was never a fan of the fatter markers .
these envelopes are decent . neither amazing nor poor . i probably wouldn't order in the future ad you can get better quality for far cheaper in similar brands .
product is exactly as described and the price is great . i bought 4 for our office last year and another 4 this year
if you need to attach an envelope ( for a disc ) to a file , you'll be pleased .
great quick delivery . mead 200 filler paper for all your school needs and other paper needs . paper is strong and easy to work with . recommended product .
they are very nice and very easy to use . they don't make the wide line that the other markers do . they work very well for the classroom .
i just choose these cause i needed a cart filler . they are great markers , but really it was just to meet my order .
scans nicely easy install does what it needs to do i wish my wife would be like this scanner cant complain
quality is as expected , very durable material . the inside file is very helpful . carry books to school and back . son love it
good price ( lightening deal ) . work great for small items . they laminate smoothly without wrinkles or bubbles . love scotch products ! :)
great envelopes stick well next time im buying 2 boxes cause my daughter is always stealing mine . other that that not much to say about envelopes buy them
i got this to put important papers , recipes and more thing that you can possibaly think off . to save things for the future .
wonderful to hang on the wall for those who can't see well and enough space to write reminders on the dates .
with a toddler who likes to play on the computer and the keys get sticky . it gets the keys non sticky .
i love being able to get the same product that i would get in the store without using gas or going out in the heat .
i used this for a couple days and it made life so much easier and it really does print well .
this tape is great for mounting projects onto foam core as well as any other type of surface . this is way better than the spray mount .
the five star reinforced filler paper is a added bonus . very strong for 3 ring binders . prevents tearing and works great .
i've already used this in the past and needed more.it seals very tightly . i'll never use any other tape
nice big tabs and since the entire divider is made out of the same material , notes can be jotted down on all of it .
it works great in erasing my colored pencils and the brush comes in handy to clean out my pencil sharpener's .
toner cartridge . it works exactly as it should . i wouldn't mind seeing the price come down a bit , but that's how it goes with printer stuff .
no more pressure spots on my wrist from the long hours i must spend attached to my mouse at work . very well pleased with this purchase .
not bad gotta love the solar power . , needed a new one the one that i had will give to my nephew
i use this board with my students - especially with math . it is great to use with small and whole group instruction to check understanding .
these are great . they work as advertised and help keep things organized . can't complain .
does the job well alright , but why is the ink so expensive ? ridiculous price ( compared to remanufactured cartridges ) takes away two stars here .
i bought this to replace the cartridges on my officejet 6700 . it worked great and was absolutely genuine hp product . good price too .
this bubble wrap was shipped in a bag . it held up just fine . i have no complaints on the quality . i would buy again .
i got these to help me sort my rubber stamps . into groups that i belong to than into different categories . animal , insect , holidays . etc
these are plain ole cheap 2 pocket folders with the 3 tangs in the middle to hold some three hole punched papers .
prefer to buy this product online verses in the stores . shopping from home is a convenience . the price could always be less but it's reasonable .
fell apart within two weeks . had to return . case it has the worst quality i have ever seen in binders . would not recommend .
this is perfect for helping me keep track of important paperwork and to hang reminders where everyone will see .
for small laminating jobs this is a must . why spend money and time going to staples , office depot etc . when you can do this job yourself .
these cartridges are fine for what i use them for and last as well as i'd expect . and you can't beat the price .
no difference that i could see between these and those which cost more at usual office supply source , so no reason not to save a few bucks .
great pen . way , way better than the pentel pens i've been using that leave blobs everywhere . these are fine , clean and clear .
this is awesome easy and a pleasure to deal ! ! ! much recommendedeasy to use easy to put staples in it
sturdy cardboard and easy instructions . these made moving pictures much easier . packing the pictures is always an issue , but with these it was a snap .
love the bright colors and how they're skinnier than other sticky tabs . they work great and i ordered more after using up my trial ones !
i used this stuff for sealing the metal dryer exhaust duct . it worked perfectly . very sticky and good up to 300 degrees it says .
the mailers are made of good material . i have used them before and was satisfied with how strong they are .
this is an ok basic phone , which is what i wanted , in case my electricity goes out . works fine .
love the pink . :) and the price of this color seems to be competitively priced , so that was good too .
all the quality that you would expect from sticky notes , but you can see through them as well . great idea .
if you do a lot of small technical writing , get the extra fine nib . this pen performs perfectly though . comfortable .
great paper , no complaints . i like the pricing of the item . again , the pricing was competitive because this can be purchased anywhere .
hey what is there to say ? its a phone ! but i am verry happy with it it is easy to use - thank you
i think the picture is self explanatory . what else can i really say ? its a metal ruler . it does its job
like the convenience of self-seal , but if i were ordering again i'd specify an opaque self-sealer . nonetheless i'm satisfied with the envelopes i received .
they are kind of cheap looking but they are colored pens so they do the job.if you go through pens a lot then i would recommend these !
these labels work as well as any labels you may purchase , but have the nice added feature that they are made from recycled products .
i had to replace my old all-in-one printer . this one ended up to be my choice . at only $ 150 i paid it is a very solid printer
i returned it twice , thinking that it was just a lemon ... but this brand is not good . find another brand instead .
i ordered these and have installed one . i have yet to discover how many copies i will get , but the quality of the ink is good .
convenient to have when you need to find out how heavy an envelope or parcel is . very accurate and easy to use .
the quality is ok , but it took a week to straighten out with weights . next time i'll just get one already flat at the store .
what can i say about plain envelopes other than they appear to be as described . i just tried to find the cheapest ones i could get .
. . . with the advantage of not having to drill into the wall to set up.eight kids . busy schedule . this is easily workable.need i say more ?
prints are sharp with great color saturation . what more can you ask for from photo paper ?
decided to upgrade to a new printer . the small compact size and wireless features are really good for smartphones
this is a great replacement that is always needed . colors work and replace quickly . i would recommend this for your printer as needed .
this 88xl is offered at the lowest price i can find . i have ordered these several time and have never been disappointed . i high recommend this item .
the case is much more than i expected . it holds the scanner , cord , and card adapter . i highly recommend it !
i love saving money by buying these from amazon . great product for some great prices . the multi-pack is another cost saving cool thing ! !
as a teacher , it's nice to find a resource of cheap school supplies as i am constantly having to replace them . :)
they work just fine , quality seems ok . it's hard to write a rave review about a #10 envelope oh yeah and they were cheap
i received the correct number of boxes of clips as stated in the product review . excellent value for the price .
good for the money , cleaned up my messy desk to be a lot more organized . would recommend to others . thanks !
this tape is good quality tape and a fantastic price on amazon . it is not too thin like some tape so it doesn't get twisted a lot .
their easy to use and much better then ink pens and more clean . worth buying to me ! ! ! i love these pens
wow , what a nice surprise . these are strong and solid . and they really grip . i like these better than the 1 " ones !
the ink works well and the xl is supposed to hold more ink . i have an ink jet hp 8600 pro plus and it works perfectly .
excellent for all in one documents . the paper is smooth and when printed on it shows results that are great quality .
this is a replacement ink for my mx870 canon printer . this original canon product works flawlessly . there were no problems encountered .
these are nice pens with good ink characteristics and are comfortable to write with.the price for a 12 pack makes them irresistible.recommended
i got these to give to a teacher for a gift and i think for the price they are a great product !
i love the different colors . . it is so important for me to file and to differentiate . thank you , i will order again.renee evers
these are such lovely vibrant colors ; really sharp and clear and bright . they show up wonderfully on dark paper . very pleased with the effect .
i like this 3 - tier tower . holds my paperclips , small memo notes , and miscellaneous items without taking up a lot of room on my desk .
i have my grandfather's ellis island passenger record stored in the display pocket.sadly , i was surprised to discover that there was only one in the package .
i use them daily before they are needed for a torn hole . i print out a lot of recipes making a cookbook . great for extra protection .
with 5000 staples and a staple remover , this swingline is a bonus.it is light weight but has a firm pinch on paper .
products works well and had no problems with 12 + sheets of paper . a negative would have to be the noise level , it is very noticeable .
my favorite packaging tape . it's the only kind i use . i keep the red handles and i buy these replacements when i run out of tape .
always need pens as was good for a stocking stuffer . cheap and a whole box . the price u would pay for one pen u get a whole box
works perfect for both my boss's laptops ( one is much larger ) . it brings it up to eye-level perfectly and she really likes it .
i love this correction tape because it works every time ; as opposed to several others i've tried , which left me frustrated .
swingline is " name " in staplers , and this does not disappoint ! i wanted just a basic stapler near the printer , a well priced item !
they are just as described . they are hanging folders , what else can i say . the price was right and they arrived quickly . would buy again .
great for when you're out of ink - i try to order combo packs whenever i can . that way i have both colors available
printbquality is great i love this piece easy to instal and easy to use last very long i am sooooooo . happy
this is a pretty good pen , overall quite beautiful.the one drawback would be its weight.just a bit hefty for a standard pen.but otherwise a unique and pleasant design .
it feels nice in the hand but i think it's a tad overpriced for what you're getting . the fine nib writes fatty lines .
the stick its work and are fine . can't get too excited about this type of product one way or the other .
i'd buy this again . my only wish was for a reasonably priced recallibration weight ( 10 kg ) . i'd buy this again .
perfect . just what i wanted at a fair price . good quality . i would recommend these to other customers that may be considering purchasing them .
web possible i try to stick with true hp consumables and this cartridge has been working just fine , good stuff .
bought this awhile back & so far it works well with my fax . i guess that is all i can hope for .
bought for my cousins canon printer .. dont remember what brand but its like all other inks .. its just fine .. no problems
it's a great product & i would recommend it to anyone who mails breakable objects . meets my needs & i use it most days
these refills are for the fast-disappearing papermate pens of yesteryear . i love these pens , nothing comes close and glad to still find refills .
does the job perfectly as described - holds the tv above the dvr box and is attractive on the tv stand !
i normally buy all my ink jet cartridges directly from hp when they're on sale with free shipping but the price on these was too good to pass up
what's not to like ? price is great and clip boards are just fine . i have no complaints and would buy again
it was wonderful to be able to get printer ink through amazon . it is just what was needed and came in a timely manner .
cartridge arrived promptly and was well-packaged . x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x
needed something for my mom to alert me if she is having a problem ( she's 93 ) . works great ! nice sound .
just got it and hooked it up . works well , but no directions for using the scanner.give us clear and complete directions to use your product
the colors are pretty but the functionality is not all that different from 3m ' s sticky notes . this is a great size for multi-purpose uses .
perfect size for a tab book . great use in our restaurant . all sales girls like them to mark their receipt books . can't function with out them .
perfect for a teacher who likes to color code certain handouts so the students can find them easier . really nice for a great price .
great way to organize those cards that end up everywhere . glad i got these and have my cards all alphabetized now
legal pads come and go . this small bulk purchase provided a different color usage while the appearance remained professional . a possible second purchase is an option .
these are very bright and worked very well for the application that i was using them for . they definitely were neon colored .
love the colors and when i use these markers it's like using paints . they are worth buying . really love the colors
this product makesit so much easier to print , peel and mail with ease . really like the seller and hope the price stays the same .
standard index cards ; the kind i like and use often . great for many different activities and crafts . well worth purchase .
good paper at a good price .  ... and here are the extra words necessary for the 20 - word minimum review criteria .
5 star ratinglove these envelopes - very easy to peel and stickwould recommend to any one for home and personal use
junk plastic , which is made flumsy . never spend your money on such a thing . spend a little more and get something that would stay together .
full of features and the resolution is outstanding.love the ability to just push a button and have it pop out the result .
used once so far and it seems to reproduce colors and black and white very well , and should be very economical for refills .
this is a great stapler , and it takes common standaerd staples.it ' s easy to load with new staples , and can staple multiple pieces of paper.recommended !
the software doesn't work correctly . the directions are difficult to understand . never again . i tried to scan pix for a show and it was a mess .
nice tape . no complaints from my staff . does it's job . will buy again from the vendor . came very fast in the mail .
easy to use and scans are good . just what i wanted . no problems .
i have a small home office and this paper is great . i appreciate the ease of ordering and the low shipping .
this product does what canon says it will do on a ip4820 printer . it seems to be better than average but not extrordinary in performance .
i love these ! so pretty and were very sturdy ! they easily fit in to my binders and added a lot of color .
this industrial stapler will handle all the office needs . it is ergonomically designed for multiple uses . thank you amazon.com again
this is a nice leather-looking letter tray that can be stackable if you have the supports.find is works well in my office for sorting . good product .
bright colors , writes perfectly . bought a purple one a long time ago and it lasted a long time . love them !
i wasn't impressed with this item . very hard to use and very challenging to manipulate . i would consider using a larger type of instrument .
it's tape . it's made of foil . it sticks to stuff . nothing else to add but scotch brand is excellent tape .
everyone in the office was very pleased with the quality of these pencils . the lead works great and the pencil is comfortable to hold .
got my file folders out of the tub , where they've hidden for years , and into the light of day.perfect for me !
i found these boxes to be sturdy and strong enough to protect items that i ship . they are easy to assemble with a good quality packaging tape .
i can't imagine paying full price for oem printer inks when these have worked perfectly the whole time . i recommend 100 %
i used the envelopes to mail out my computer generated christmas cards . the grip-seal was very helpful in sealing a stack of envelopes .
bic is my go to brand for pens . these are even better because they are 74 % recycled plastic , so i can feel good about using them .
this is a lot of tape for a good price with the dispenser . i ordered a few and i recommend them .
first of all , the super tab idea is a long time coming . these make home or office organization a snap . great quality folders !
good tape for using outside . i bought it to secure my wireless bell button on the outside of the house .
bought one of them for kid class math course . works fine even in average light . buttons feel good . display is clear .
the replacement handset cs6409 was the wrong product for my phone system . the cs6209 is the right handset and it is a great product .
george paper is always been good quality paper . i was scanning amazon.com and ran across this price . this is good multi-use paper for the price shown .
it will take us a while to learn about all it can do . the print is crisp and clear . the machine is sturdy and easy to use .
these are exactly what i wanted . broke my old one that i had for over thirty years trying to open a package with it .
i have three brother printers . i love them , i have tried generic cartridges as well but nothing works as well as a brother cartridge .
these are quite functional folders and definite improvements over the traditional ones . whatever need you have for folders , these should answer the call .
this is a little easier to use than most i used it already and loved it i will definitley be buying more :)
very permanent glue makes these labels stay on the mail until it gets where it's going . no problem going through my laser printer .
i buy a lot of these , and these are good solid ones they don't fold or bend and they come off and stick well .
kodak product are the best that money can buy , this kodak 8781098 30b / 30c ink cartridge - combo color / black by kodak over the top product .
the functionality of these folders are not much different from the plain ones . however , the pastel color is a nice touch just to spruce up the drabness .
love it . heavy , but mesh design makes it look nice . nice layout
it's a good thing i can sell prints for as much as i do - otherwise paying this much for ink would drive me into the poor house .
5 star ratingvery good brand - quality and pricingwould recommend to any one - for home or personal use
really didn't see much difference between these and most other hanging files.the easy slide tabs however are a plus .
these are great dividers . i like the pretty colors . they fit nicely in a large three ring binder . i feel more organized already .
i love my pentel pencil but keep running out of erasers ... so you need these refills . great product , erases cleanly . one more word required ...
they're fine . i like the assortment of colors , but would have preferred fine points . nice to have several colors in one package .
good ink , longer lasting than the 126 . i will continue ordering ink from online for my printer . it is slightly cheaper here .
worked fine ! not sure what else you can say about plastic covers , but they work as they are supposed to .
you can never have to many glue sticks . they are a very useful tool in our house . also use them for scout craft projects .
this is a quality dispenser , and the tape included makes for a nice package . heavy base and tractive rubber bottom for serious staying power when pulling tape .
we use this size tape to label cameras , radio batteries etc for easy identification . brother brand has always worked well for us .
i love his slide clicker . it's shape fits well in my hand and its asymmetric shape makes it easy to orient it without looking at it .
an hp brand combo pack , at a very low price from this merchant . i will definitely be ordering from them in future .
i purchased this for my daughter's printer and it does an excellent job of printing her forms and papers as well ass the pictures my granddaughters want .
it is just perfect as i want.however , it is a litter bigger for me ... it is bigger than 4 gal .
i have purchased 3 of these phones for me to install on a corded phone system they work great love then .
this is a fantastic printer , although the document feed is known for jamming everything else is fantastic and works perfectly . a + +
i enjoy getting top quality items for less than retail prices . makes our job at work neater and easier to perform
the ink is not good and dried up very fast , i prefer the brother product better , and i don't waste my money .
love canon printers . i have had several printers over the years , which weren't canon . i won't buy another printer unless it iscanon .
i guess the price wasn't bad . i used it so far no problem . everything is okay . will bought is again
nothing fancy , but plenty space for making notations or doodle . a nice format holes in the top binding , would allow mounting on a wall .
classic design since the 1970s ! made in france ! retro ! i have always liked these pens . this is a great value .
these were a wonderful set . i needed some for my dorm and school work and these fit the bill ! will buy more !
used this for taping my packages and the boxes that i fold and discard . very strong and the adhesive holds well .
their index cards you can write on them do i need to say more , they work there cheap and i use them
bold colors and they work very well . smooth use . retractable ends help protect the points . sharpie is the expert in markers .
these brite lines seem to work just fine . there isn't anything special about them . i would recommend them to people
this sharpener is fast and effective . it keeps on whittling those pencils down and the large shaving container means we don't have to empty it very often .
utilize this product to ship not easily damaged goods . overall they work well , i feel the inner protection is somewhat lacking but they suite the need .
i've used them to keep printed files organized - and they really helped every time . not really reusable beyond 5 + uses , but works while fresh .
be sure your heat sealer can handle the thickness of these pouches before you purchase them . you cant go wrong with 3m products and these are no exception .
really beautiful lavender color , good quality paper that does not jam in the copier nor in a printer , good price too .
these pencils have a softer type lead but they work very well and sharpen up nicely . this is a quality item .
the tabs are nothing new ... but they work well for our binders and hold up nicely . simple , easy , and a good color assortment .
not much to say about pencils . this is a huge pack for a great price . we go through these quickly so this works great .
these are nice and easy to keep track of . all payments are recorded on under page so you can't go wrong .
the magnet is incredibly strong . it can hold several sharpie and heavy staples . this product is handy to place all writing tools for your whiteboard .
it is what it is . sticky , white , small , and perfect for tagging prices on products . not much else to say .
these pens do nothing for me but the kids asked for them ... gotta be something there beside disposability ...
easy to get cards in and out , holds a lot of cards and fits my binder well . quality that will hold up .
does just what it says ... super sticky but removable in bright neon colors for folders or whatever you want to stick them on !
double sided tape is always a challenge getting everything lined up . but this is a good product putting aside the placement issue .
works great in my printer and received it exactly when they said it would . it did have too much packaging but overall i was happy with it .
great bookmarks , i used to flag my books with post it notes and then found these and figured it be more cost effective and draw attention easier .
this product is very cool and conveniently designed.the brush on the end is a good addition to your fine product .
love these and use them all of the time . consistent and solid . no thrills but who needs that when you want a pen that works .
they are notes . they are sticky . they stay sticky . they are pretty , too . i like them . what more can i say ?
i got these labels for a craft project that involves rubber stamping . they were terrific for that purpose . nice quality paper with a good look .
haven't felt well so i haven't used it yet a lot of times you send the reviews too sone for me to have used the product
they're file frolders for hanging in frames or drawers equipped with the rails . easy to use and the labels are easy to read .
got tired of my bubble wrapped mailers . not everything needs bubble wrap and these are so affordable . for the mass mailer these are a great find .
as expected from post-it , these are extremely useful labels and provide a nice alternative to the habitual label folders . recommended .
really love the mechanical leaded pencils . don't have to constantly re sharpen . what a great buy . now i have lots .
does a nice job with no mess . a little noisey but sharpens quickly so ... highly recommend , only wish there were option for larger diameter pencil sharpening .
i love the canon photo paper plus glossy , love it can't go wrong using this paper everyone i will never switch
tough and easy to use shredder . easy to empty and can be locked to prevent accidental startup and injury . solid build .
these labels are a nice , bright white . they are a good thickness , easy to peel , and overall just a good product .
i like these post-its because they are color codes and small . just big enough to jot a few words and put in place on any given page .
i usually use avery , but these work just as good . i used them for my christmas labels this year , and had no problems with them .
refillable , fits in my smallest wrist-wallet and writes like a dream . this is one of my favorite everyday pens . i have them in every color .
these are a little different than most other sticky notes , as you can choose the size and color , and don't have to break the pad apart .
the table is great ! i wish it was longer in both directions but other than that it is awesome for studying / pc / writing
my husband wanted an inexpensive organizer for his home office . this works well for him and has the rubbermaid brand quality .
these are premium velcro . they provide a strong connection and the price is fair . 12ft is a lot and it should last me a while .
these labels are easy to use and the adhesive is effective even in higher humidity . worth paying a little more for .
great double sided sticky tape , used indoors on a wood floor to secure an area rug . comes off with a little effort and some goo-gone .
this is not a high end corded phone , but if you need an extra phone in the basement like i did it dose the job .
yes , gives a crisp , tight look to things like wedding invitations ... will stick out from the rest of the average person's junk mail .
why use anything but hp ink in an hp printer ? best buy here , long enough shelf life . keep a spare on hand !
great labels for a great little machine . i prefer the dymo brand of labels as opposed to the off brand name . what more can one say !
no doubt these are the finest ballpoint pens on the market and at amazon's low price .
this paper is quite fantastic . i use a pixma pro - 100 and colors are noticeably more vivid than with the standard canon papers i use .
this binder will last me a while . i love the d-ring and the ease of opening the binder . pages stay in despite the weight behind the papers .
i've used these since i can remember ... 40 years ? they are work horses and never quit . i'll always buy them .
you need to stand in a specific angle in order to read the weight from the screen . other than that it works perfectly well .
the pins are as expected , box is nice too but a more secure lid would've been nice as it tends to open by itself when moved .
i need to get this size envelope on a regular basis . these were a pretty good price for the amount of envelopes received . would order them again .
easy to use . won't come off in the mail . easy to print and does not smear .
i love the colors . i use these pens everyday . so i ordered 2 packs . you can never have enough pens .
great pens ! be careful , they soak through.brilliant colors . the bright colors can make marking up a text easy to read .
i had no problem with these at the office . they stuck just fine , and are way cheaper than the leading brand .
although i love the pastel colors , this item is wasteful.unfortunately , i'll never use the note tabs .
my fountain pen loves it ! its like they were married in heaven or something . they work together so well its ridiculous .
it is a binder . it works and it is very pretty . if you need a binder , why not get a pretty one !
this is a great 110 lb weight paper for craft projects - the price is right and the qulaity is outstanding
i think the price was good for me and delivery was good timing . i bought the markers to donate into the school supplies request .
these are security envelopes . not what is pictured above . good self seal envelopes . can ; t see what is inside them . overall , a buy !
there is nothing to write home about this paper . the paper is very thin and the writing shows on the other side of the sheet quite a bit .
i've been using these " compatible " labels for a few weeks , and so far i haven't had a problem or jam . i'm very happy with them .
i was disappointed because i was expecting to get larger flags and they are about the size of a large paperclip .
these are my favorite white outs . easy to use and covers errors great . long lasting and not cheap quality at all .
these file folder labels are useful and handy . every organized office should carry them . the price is right and the product is decent .
perfect for my dymo label writer 450 . good quality . just what i wanted at a good price . i couldn't find these locally .
no complaints at all . have not had a one fail on me nor not work properly . will buy again with confidence .
a super product ! they adhere very well and very thin . i use these frequently and i highly recommend this product .
i have several of these and they work great . better than cartridges since you don't have to wait until it is out to refill .
easy to assemble . perfect size to lift . strong , sturdy , and well made . it's a box and it does its job .
i use these to mark my pages when i am reading and studying for school . i don't prefer one brand over another though .
glad i did re order my refill for my pens and would recommend anyone to buy them instead of new pens . great price also
this was just want i wanted . i could not find it in the store i shop at so i was so pleased to find it on amazon .
they are pins and there are 200 of them . good . strong . slightly pinkish . hold my wall 4 clocks . what else . good
costs a bit more than the cheap paper but if you want quality in your printed matter , this is worth the price .
sharpens quickly , efficiently and quietly . seems to be a nice , sturdy product . we have been very happy with this sharpener and highly recommend it .
i wish someone would make these in plain old white.they ' d be easier to read no matter what pen or pencil was used .
great price and perfect to use for documents we print at home . heavier-weight than i had anticipated given the price ! !
these are so easy to use . they especially come in handy when i want to mark a water bottle or something . recommend to all !
this stapler does the job and does it great . hardly any effort is needed to go through all the paper .
they do the trick . i am a science teacher who needs to supply calculators so the classcan perform some basic calculations . so far everything is good .
i purchased this binder to help me organize my papers for work and have been very pleased with it's performance . i will definately purchase again .
these labels are very handy and work just fine . i've been pleased with almost all avery products , and i count on them for good quality .
multi uses in a multi-tasking environment not to mentioned excellent for coupon keeping by expiration order . recommend highly , thank you
this is a great binder . it has a lot of room for papers and it's very durable . the ring opens easily and will last a long time .
super user friendly , instructions were clear , good online support and the printing is great ! i really really like it :)
sometimes buying an item like this is easier online . running to many stores to find it is tedious .
these carts just work perfectly , no noticeable difference in color and cheaper than canon carts . what more can you ask for ?
this is the 3rd reorder for a quality product that has exceeded the number of copies printed each timeexcellent productdr . john hoganhospitality educatorshogan hospitality
i guess it is on . i am not sure why my first review did not go through but i hope this one makes it .
writing pads are rather difficult to review , but these appear to be well-made and are exactly what i wanted . the perforation at the top is good .
i've used avery labels for years and been very satisfied . the new easy-peel feature makes these the best yet !
i've ordered a few of these before . quality and price is really good . a lot cheaper than what you would pay for at staples .
came well packaged . lots of paper for a good price . paper is comparable to standard hp paper . over all a good deal . will order again .
these are great marker boards . the size is perfect for what i needed . and the shipment was super fast as always !
this colored labels worked pretty well in our office . the color made it easy to find a work in process .
these things are certainly plant labels . you can write on them with a sharpie . they hold together just fine . whee
canon ink is brand new and lasts and long time and i can count on it being exactly right for my canon printers .
i use these lables for my business . they are great quality . not thin , not transparent , and pretty sticky . haven't had a problem yet .
the bottles open easily . the oil goes where you point it . the shredder seems to like it as it's still going strong .
these labels are great and another source for avery type labels . it's always good to have an alternate for both price and availability .
these are handy to keep in vehicles to record work mileage . a good deal and nice quality-now if i can only get the guys to use them !
these purple zebra pens are awesome . i love the color and i love the smooth way it writes . i use these at work and everyday projects .
known brand . works as advertised and easy to apply . the kids use it more than i expected . arrived clean and safe .
what can you say about ink cartridges . best value for the money when they are no longer being sold at normal outlets .
i used to use the disposable ones . i finally broke down and got this one . i use it for some arts craft stuff . it works well .
works great . nothing fancy . i really need to get something to organize all my office papers , and these work great .
this tape dispenser does exactly what it is meant to do . it is no frills , but the tape moves freely as it should , great help in warehouse
i had to return these staples as they did not fit the mid-weight stapler that i had just purchased from them ... great customer service
this tape has adhered to any surface i have tried it on . i especially like it in constructing boxes for heavy items . it rivals gorilla tape .
i use these all the time and the value is wonderful as is the convenience of the printer . i use the labels for both business and personal
this saves me from buying often and its just the same as the long ones 33 sheet and no need for the blue paper
great product and cheapest stapler i could find after i compared prices at a few stores . plus points for being eco friendly ! :-)
we have an epson photo printer and this is the best ink to use when printing photos . great purchase at a great price .
pretty simple . white paper that doesn't get jammed in the printer . i am not asking for much more than that .
the canon made cartridges last long then generic versions . buy these for better and longer printing . you'll be happy with the results .
these refills were much needed for note-taking in my science classes . they arrived quickly and worked like a charm . make sure to choose the right color .
what's there really to say ? red pens . they write smoothly , they came cheap , so a great deal , and a good buy .
popped them right into my printer and got right to work printing up my documents . always comes through when you buy brand ink .
i ran this on my artisan 1430 for xmas presents and it printed fantastic . i'm a gloss lover but not in the big budget . very economical
this won't work wirelessly with our all mac household . returned it.it does look nice and sleek , though . too bad .
these have a nice wide point , free-flowing ink , strong color , and are comfortable to hold--that's why i buy these pens time after time .
best desk calendar going . std price on line is about 15-22 dollars ea . these cost 22 dollars for 6 of them . you do the math ...
don't last , expensive , but needed.will order again as needed as i have no choice if i want to use the printed
best office organizer i ever bought for table space . came as displayed with very miniscule dent in the back but easy fix larger than it appears
i love my pens . the writing of the pens are so smooth and i love the color pink . thanks amazon for a great buy .
i have only had this ink cartridge in my printer for a couple of weeks but so far it seems to be just fine .
this is an average box sealing tape . it is good for general useage , but it is not a heavy duty packageing tape
i love these ready tab folders . so far these have been my favorite out of the hanging folders ! love them
there's not a whole lot you can say about an envelope . these are a great price and do what they are supposed to do .
they are the ink tanks that go in the printer i have , i have no other choice , therefore they gotta be great
i bought this sturdy jumbo wire mesh pencil cup to hold my granddaughter's colored pencil's . it holds fifty pencil's easily .
great deal with subscribe and save , and it arrived really fast - no way to say anything bad about this one .
i like to simple user interface . i bought it for my aunt . she doesn't read english but she can still learn how to use it
blending is a chore for the best artists and these really improve what can be a tedious process - -
i converted all the staples in the office to paper pro . these work well and they are relaible . i find that my work is neater
we have purchased a few of these printers and we like them very much . they meet our all in one needs just fine .
i use a lot of these i lose them as soon as i pick one up , but they are the best for a permanent pen
these are very good quality and easy to use and remove . so i buy them , but they seem pretty expensive to me .
perfect ! very pretty but heavy duty , too . exactly what i wanted . i would definitely recommend this product to other customers .
way to go avery . all your products i've purchased and used thus far are top quality , don't get stuck in my printer and adheres to the paper .
the tape is high-quality and works seamlessly in my label maker . the product is exactly what i wanted and needed it to be , so i'm happy .
high quality pouches which are easy to use with the scotch thermal laminator and saves me a lot of money on laminating .
... and they delivered it to my house - nothing to complain about . you should do a price comparison , but it was worth it for me .
not really a fan of these pen . i thought it was the gel model ... it turns out that just a basic pen
this paper is excellent quality for anything you want to do with your printer . it makes a good poster , too .
i love this canon pg210bk ink cartridge . it clearlyprints to way i want on my paper . i use it to printnecessary documents . t . m .
it just arrived today and i did try it out & it did stick to the desk . just hope it keeps working
use to replace my old lazor printer . easy to install and use . it is fast and real nice print . would recomend it . no cons .
this is real good strong stuff . i use it when packing real heavy boxes and it has held up very well .
this is good , effective packing tape . it rolls easily , cuts well , and sticks to packaging .
hate moving and packing .. i do however want my breakables to get there in one piece . the perforated divisions every 12 " was great . no scissors required
this printer is a bit noisy , but otherwise works well . a good price / value relationship .
this is a good price for this toner . it goes , with both of my brother printers . last a long time .
avery makes good products so no surprise that this is good as well . adhesive is good , colors are nice and they are standard size . highly recommended .
just like most inks , i am disappointed with the cost versus average expectancy . it seems like i am replacing this " ehc " cartridge much too often .
nicely made basic scissors of this type . fine for occasional use , and they aren't bad for trimming indoor potted plant flowers in a pinch :) .
nice labels if you like scalloped edges ( i don't particularly . ) can be printed or written on . good adhesive .
nice bright colors mean your note will be noticed . sticks as good as any and maybe a little better . good size . recommended .
i don't need a red pen often but i hate having to look for one . so with this great deal , i always have one ready to go .
i use these pens to draw on construction plans and they work greati use different colors for different demands ( water-gas-electrical - fire sprinklers ) i recommend these
good prints , long life and no drying issues . buy this vs the generic brand that will only create issues . hp all the way .
the xl black ink is easy to open and instaalls in just seconds . no problems with drips or mess . great buy for a great price .
5 star ratingvery economical for the pack of three - for home and office usewould recommend to anyone looking for an economic pack with good pricing
this tape is strong . so , you don't have to use so much tape on your package because it is strong and holds the box closed .
inexpensive and just works without hassle . have it connected to a custom built asus / windows htpc and have had zero problems .
the cartridge worked alright so my complaint is the deceptive wording that hides the fact that it is a generic or refilled product .
i like them , they're pretty , and skinny . but i don't know what they're for . maybe i should ask my husband ?
i've ordered these three or four times and they work great every time . i'll keep ordering thesefor both printers . thanks so much , jeff
can't beat swingline for good office products . they've been around a long time . i will order these staples again when i'm out .
these are great for reusing envelopes as they cover up everything underneath perfectly . they also print very well without jamming up .
seems to work fine . the price was the best i found . i usually shop around before making purchases . get some .
i've been having a hard time finding a planner that fits me exactly . so , i made my own pages and added these for notes . perfect .
shipped fast . saved trip to office max . excellent quality . they fit several size pens including my cross pen of course . recommended .
there are a few favorite things in life - this is one . they might cost a bit more , but these pens are great .
i am constantly searching for affordable genuine canon inks , and this dual pack was excellent . the inks themselves are excellent . i will be ordering again .
this is not a heavy-duty sharpener . if you put a new pencil in it it strains to sharpen it . i returned mine .
i bought these to use with my scotch thermal laminator and they are great quality . i would highly recommend this item
this has been one of the best and most dependable phone ( s ) i have ever owned . great product as far as i'm concerned .
very cute , love the heart shape . nice size and easily filled . nicely weighted down for ease of use . love it .
i move too much . i've used a ton of banker boxes over the years . these are the best b a mile .
i use these for marking boxes when moving . sturdy , plus long-lasting . i have one granddaughter who loves to use this particular marker for drawing .
not much to say other than it is the best tape i use for packages . i have been using it for many years and it is always consistent .
this installed perfectly in my compatible printer . ( these little printers are excellent by the way . )
120 days later the dialing function no longer works . very poor quality construction . too bad , this was a nice phone initially .
i donated these to my sons teacher for the class . no complaints , however , its sharpie so i am not expecting any complaints
it worked just fine on my canon printer this is really a good find i will definitely be buying more !
very nice little pop-up dispenser . perfect for a sleek look . easy to use and easy to fill . just what i needed .
the idea is great but every time i pull a sticky out , it falls apart . i finally through it out . great idea but doesn't work .
this is a lifetime supply of paper clips for $ 2.78.what are you waiting for ? ! ? ? ? buy it now . you will not regret it .
whty do i feel like a hostage to printer ink cartridges ? by the time this was delivered i needed another one - these replacement ink cartridges are too expensive
after falling for that infomercial many years ago for the kodak printer and the cheap ink , i am in love with my hp printer .
i use these for work . solid binders that have worked well , in a 4 pack . great for school , too . decent value .
good quality product and brand . i have bought several of their products and have always been happy with them . recommend .
great size for insurance i'd cards now if we could just find a laminating machine that would work for very long using it daily we would be set .
as a teacher , you go through these things like they are air . it's nice to find them for so cheap on here .
paper is very heavy weight , glossy and takes ink well , seems like it should last a long time , nice product at a great price
these are great envelopes.good qualityeasy useonce sealed we know if it has been tampered with . i am using it mainly for cheques and important mails .
the only pen that works without any problems when writing on paper that is on top of glass but the blue ink looks nicer
however , the quality is surely there . if you need fancy paper , this works . otherwise , buy a 3 pack that is cheaper .
they work really nice and print really nice . good price , good printing , can't go wrong . no complaints from me at all .
to use the tape , i had to cut it into strips and place a heavy weight upon then for a week ... once flattened , they worked great ...
i go through a few hundred labels each month . these are really handy and perfect size for most labeling applications .
wow i really love this printer . it is easy to use and works great i went through too lable cartiges but it works just fine . i love it
this product works just like you think it would . i particularly like the large eraser that comes with the package and the cleaner .
i love these pens . they are so easy to write with and the bold look has a great visual impact on the eye
i used cl - 40 cartridges with the old printer i had , the new printer uses this larger version , they go farther it seems
had to return because i could never get it to work satisfactorily with ebay . they ( ebay ) needs to support more older label printers .
great avery product good for tags address and things of that nature sticks really well
great markers , large and substantial but will still allow you to make smaller letters if necessary . ink should last , too .
good for marking bins or drawers temporarily.also , shelves.great idea and just what we needed . love the fun bright colors , also .
i send a lot of greeting cards . i was very happy that these are self sealing . the price is good and they arrived quickly .
arrived promptly and in good shape . it does the job i needed it for . the printerlooks to be of good quality materials . would buy again ...
if you are accustomed the the 3m stickers these might seem inferior . but i guess you get what you pay for .
these labels work wonders for my shipping on e-bay / amazon . they fit perfectly with the 10 " x 13 " poly mailers i also bought .
it's bic , but hey not bad at all , you can use the entire chisel tip or underline , will be using for college !
this it a good price for the ink for the printer and all ways have one on hand so when ink is out i do order
for those that refill with ink , the catridge is resettable with a resetter . great catridges at very very cheap prices . nothing better than this .
these seem to work very nice for the heavily detailed work . they take some getting used to but they are good .
i have some arthritis now from a previous accident . this pen is wonderful . classy looking , comfortable ... the perfect pen . get some !
product is $ 39 , shipping is $ 74 ! ! ! for a product that weighs about 15 pounds . stay away from these people .
i don't have the printer for this anymore , but never had issues with this ink when i did . better price than the store .
this is very comfortable for me when doing heavy typing . durable , cheap and not bad looking . the gel feels great next to my wrists ...
great bang for the buck . buy it , and i promise you will not be disappointed .
did not last too long before cracking . maybe about 6 months . old one from staples lasted two years . will go there again to buy .
it is a manufacturer's replacement part and it works perfectly . no need to look elsewhere , this cartridge works as advertised .
last long you don't have to worry about that is going to be empty soon , is perfect for months of use try it you not be sorry of complaint
attractive practical set . only reason i did not give it 5 stars was .. well a personal preference . wished it was slightly smaller .
i like the more matte anti-glare sheet protectors , and these are just what i was looking for . quality is good , price was right .
got this for my brother who's still in high school , and they're great - very easy to use , very sharp looking - makes reports look professional .
the resolution and color with this full size ( 13 x 19 ) printer is excellent . you can adjust the quality and print on all types of paper .
an improvement over their last model , which was awful . good capacity for shavings . two sizes for different diameter pencils.stable and secure . does lot leak shavings .
canon inks are way over priced , but they perform flawlessly . in this case you get what you pay for . now , about that price ...
i have it set up but have not had a need to use yet . easy set up and looks great on my desk .
this stapler set is well put together and sturdy and , as needed , allows you to staple pages needing a longer length to staple . works great .
well made . heavy . works smoothly without jamming , looks great on your desk . may tempt others to steal it form you .
it came fast and boxed well . i recommend getting more black ink cartridges than color to save on money . this is cheaper than buying at costco .
now i have one on every floor no running back and forth . so much easier to find the tape holder than to find a roll of tape .
we have been using this tape for years to ship packages , and it is great . we have no complaints at all ..
i love this size for taking notes when i don't want to carry around something full-size . the colors are fun too .
mead products are well worth the money . these are handy for all household organization i do . reasonably priced and study .
i like how it feel in my hand i have blue ink in it for signing legal documents . i also have the black one for black ink .
there's not much to say about a sticky note . i like the degree of stickiness , and having multiple colors is a decent organizational aid . recommended .
these hi-vision hi yield cartridges works very well in my canon printer . these cartridges last along time and is the best i've used .
great for the office and home for reminder chores my kids and my wife use it very good quallity very
remeber what a phone used to feel like and sound like . this is the old phone as you remember it but its new and fine . works great .
a long lasting good value that accurately generates the yellow values in a color photograph . i would recommend it to anyone who needs this type of cartridge .
what is there to say about checkbook registers ? they are like any other typical checkbook registers.taking up more space .
i always buy these cannon ink packs because i never have problems with them.the description is right on and the shipping is fast . i recommend this .
i'm happy to see that the trueblock labels actually do a good job of completely covering what is underneath . glad i got them .
shipped very quickly ; easy to install ; seems to last a very long time . i would buy the same cartridge again when this one runs low .
so easy to handle , so clear , and if you make a mistake you can peel it off with no damage .
top of the line d-ring binder , and the snappy red provides color coding on your shelf even without using the insert feature .
i was sorely disappointed that these glue sticks failed to disappear . i tried all manner of incantations , gestures , and rituals , yet they remained clearly visible .
these were exactly as described , and could hold a ton of paper ! the bright colors were also really fun . just wish they weren't so expensive !
the design is odd and took me a while to get used to . aside from that it does what it was made to do .
these have very clear and great print quality . i printed over a 200 page document with the black cartridge still not empty .
as my past experience with other avery products , these rock ! i ship a lot of stuff from my home and this was very helpful !
not much you can say about post-it type flags . they are great for school and work . also good for book clubs . recommend a +
i make my own books and repair old books . this tape works for my projects . no problem with discoloration . tough stuff .
great quality ! no issues with the packaging , no delay in receiving the product . works well without any type of printing issues .
this small , lightweight scanner produces clear , detailed copies in no time . it's user friendly . i love the ability to take it anywhere with my ipad .
just starting using them , works perfect for my books and storage of important passages in the envelope sleeve and tabs work great . well worth the try .
perfect size for my schooling needs . easy open to insert papers and such . got for a good price so i'm happy !
works well i use it every day and it did not jam or stick to the paper . i will use it again if necessary .
it ios what my printer requires it does its job . therefore , what else can i say . needs more longivity . ummm !
great little marker , with a very fine point for writing in small areas . also comes with two additional tips that might be needed at some time .
loved it works every time , came on time and i use it every day . just love laser printers , you don't spend a mint on ink .
it's what i wanted . it's paper , and it's cheap . not high-quality , but functional for most things i need to print .
this product arrived in tact and on time , the correct color , and fit the printer perfectly . no issues with the product , so 5 stars .
the ring binder portion of this graph paper is reinforced . great product . strong and useful for school and all graphing paper needs . recommended .
how much can one say about hanging folders ? these ones do the job well and the slider feature is slick .
a very good product that works very well . does just what i need and proves it's worth every time too .
sealing strip appears to work well . runs through printer good . safe for sending checks , cash etc . as the contends aren't visible through the envelope .
this is the cartridge for the popular mfc 7820n . see :[ ... ] and check supplies . odd that it's not described fully here .
i love the way i can organize my paperwork everyday . i use this product and hope to order more for home office .
this is a great mechanical pencil , i have yet to have it break on me .
i like the feel and sound of 24 lb paper . this is brighter than i usually buy . very nice choice .
very nice , perfect size for a mouse , and comfortable . fixed my impending carpel tunnel syndrome in my hand ! i recommend it .
i do a lot of packaging and this tape is great for sealing boxes and holding things into place . i highly recommend this product .
great for mailing my new children's book . a very sturdy , plus reliable product . also great for mailing jewelry , which i make .
these markers are a great quality , they are small highlighters so good for tight spaces and very pigmented . worth every penny .
i'm very pleased with these packing peanuts . they are lightweight and sturdy , and the anti-static quality helps . i would ( probably will ) buy them again !
arrived quickly in original packaging , it was great to find ink at a reasonable price in original packaging so i know it will work with my printer .
these are great sturdy sharpeners for school , small to carry in the pencil bag and with the 2pk if 1 gets lost , there is a spare ! !
excellent . this product is lovely and is very good for use in my house and i may communicate whit my family
it's the 3rd one i have bought for our office this year . i am pretty sure that people are eating them .
good product , simple and inexpensive , sure beats a pile of cards.should have bought two . does exactly what i wanted .
i use these for usps priority flat rate boxes when shipping gifts . they print perfectly and are a fraction of the cost of named brands . i love them
these are truly excellent little bankers boxes . they hold up well and they are easy to assemble and use . highly recommended .
loved this , decent packing tape , and was a fantastic buy at less than a few bucks . definitely would purchase again !
seems heavy duty . but does slowly inch to the side since the carpet it sits on is the new fiber and heavily padded .
my cartridge came fairly soon after it shipped . but it took a week after my order to actually be shipped . i think this is unreasonable at best .
i love my laminator and these pouches are wonderful . not too thick , heat up nicely , work great . no negative issues at all .
i love the kodak glossy photo paper but it's cheaper at staples stores so i have buy them there but great paper thanks again
bought this for my desk . it's extremely sturdy and wasn't that hard to install . it was a very worth while purchase .
no need for computer labels or programs , just a traditional mailing label that relies on a pen or felt tip marker . just right !
it works great . wish i had bought an easel that doesn't make it tip over . just right size for a small classroom .
this paper cutter works great . i use it for a laminating project and i love it . i couldn't be happier with it .
sharpie has been around for a long time . the quality & reliability continues . extra fine has a ball-point pen tip size . versatile .
i sent some items overseas to my brother . he said they arrived well sealed . tape performed great ! . definitely recommend .
i love having sharpies around and this colorful little kit is real convenient . i use them for marking just about anything i want marked permanently .
this is so cute .. so practical ! only thing i would change on this board is have it list sunday thru saturday like a traditional calender .
works great . not too tacky , just right . comes up cleanly . does not damage walls or posters . works on glossy and matt surfaces as well .
i've bought this 6 pack of tape twice . it is fair price and i don't have to run around shopping to find a good price .
these are good for the price . kind of thin , but gets the job done . nothing else to say here . thanks .
good strong solid permanent pens that never fail you , unless you leave the cap off for an extended period of time .
i have purchased shipping labels in the past these are the best , they print well , are valued price and stick to the packages
the old folks love it . its easy to dial and read the display . att made a decent phone . would buy again .
i only buy hp printers , have purchased 6 of these and they all work like a champ , prints from apple gear natively if that is a requirement .
white labels , sticky , easy to write on or use in the printer , what else can i really say about labels ? they're good
after messing with toner refills for the last year , it was time to get a genuine product . now i have clean pages again .
the picolates are set just right for the canon printer . the printing is clear and it should outlast my lifetime ... jesus ' blessings and peace
does everything a staoler is supposed to do.it staples , have not had a jam yet . have not had any problems .
always looking into ways to help . i love cute pink pens so buying these weren't too big of a choice .
what can i say , it worked on my epson stylus photo rx595 as a replacement cartridge . no problems . printing seems fine .
nothing special , could be cheaper i think . if you need folders these are good quality and will keep your papers covered .
this is a very nice phone for the price and i have no complaints . good sound quality and easy to handle and use .
these just would not work with the printer . put in two others , same model , printer worked fine . waste of money .
worked exactly as described . didn't love statistics , but the calculator sure made the class a lot easier . would recommend this !
these magnets are small but certainly powerful . i'm using both on the fridge and also on whiteboard . satisfied with the look and usefulness of this product .
i have to hide this scale because it has become very popular in my office now . easy to setup and use . no more guessing .
the trick with a binder is rings that last . so far so good . if the rings give out , i'll update my review .
great notebook . my son loved it . considering he has to carry all of his books it seems light weight . thanks !
labels work great . go into printer without pealing off when printer pulls it in . labels generally work better in top feeding printers anyway .
couldn't find these pens anywhere in my town . i love the med tip and the gel type ink . dries quickly and works great .
i use this tape all the time ! it sticks well and its strong . over all for such inexpensive tape your getting more then your moneys worth !
hi , this was a small addition to the desk that i purchased . i like it a lot . it fits perfectly on my desk .
very professional looking 3 - ring document folder . slimmer than a regular folder but works well for present work in the office .
not much i can say except they got the job done ... just as they were supposed to .
just another item that i keep in stock from my amazon list the parts that i keep thank you very much . bjwolf
i used this product to identify / label storage boxes . i found the label pads it to be satisfactory and would purchase if necessary .
i use these in a paperpro prodigy stapler . they are strong , and function perfectly . i highly recommend them to anyone .
this paper works well with our hp photosmart printer . text and pictures are crisp and colorful . the print does not smudge and the color does not fade .
this is a quality refill to make your original pen investment perform at a high level . i've never had a problem with a waterman .
our kids love coloring books and sticker mania . they had a blast with these stickers , which came in an all blue pack .
refill for my pen was becoming difficult ... glad i could find the refill i needed on amazon . performs well , would recommend .
quality and quite long lasting . easy to install . makes fine photos . i have nothing more to say and resent being required to .
very nice 2 inch notebook , and a slant ring , which actually holds more than the circular ring . very sturdy and well made ! ! !
these are great . i use them a lot and have had no problems . good and sturdy . i will continue to buy these .
oem product , looks new , haven't used it yet but it should be fine . seven more words required , so that's it !
what can one really say about " white out ? " it cleans up messes made by mistake . i like the product .
i'm a huge fan of fine point pens , be they gel ink , fountain or otherwise . these sharpies are a great addition to my desk .
the unit laminates as it promised . i need this job done less than occasionally and did not want to spend a lot . this was a decent buy .
the fellowes shredder oil is a must have if your going to keep your shredder working perfectly . the price is awesome and i would highly recommend purchasing .
no problem at all with the cartridges . they worked fine with my printer . were received quickly and in good condition .
love these pens ... ink flow is very smooth and glad i got these . good to have around the house .
loved the tabs popping out of the folder , now i don't have to paper cut myself putting those tabs in those little plastic holders.excellent idea . get these .
perfect for everything i needed to wrap and keep new and it worked perfectly . nothing got tore up during move . thank you
item arrived on time - as expected - not much else i can add at this point about a roll of bubble wrap ! does the job ...
big numbers , no batteries needed , just plug it in the telephone jack and you're ready for flawless calls ! buy one now !
i wish it were cheaper . i used to buy six reams for what i paid for these three reams . but , i can live with it .
good price on a quality canon cartridge . but i suspect they are putting less ink in these days .
don't waste your money.it is totally junk.customer service told me it was a problem with my computer so he did not have to hep me anymore .
use this for ebay shipping . good price and glad to have a quantity in case . make sure to keep well stocked .
i am still happy with this printer after a really long time of use . never replaced cartridges yet and love the large format printing ! highly recommend .
these are a nice basic envelope , with the security feature , and a good price for the quantity of envelopes received .
for heavy duty stapling , this product isperfect with the s . f . 13 heavy duty staples.goes through laminated card stock andpaint sticks ...
excellent product with a nice dark line so you use less force , less hand fatigue , and much easier to see .
these are the best little magnets i've ever had ! they have a super strong hold and add a little color . definitely five-star worthy !
i buy this regularly for all sorts of taping jobs . the dispenser works well . the tape holds up for anything i need .
these staples work great and don't jam in my old stapler . i had many problems with other staples but these work great .
good quality and reasonable price . i use them in both my ink jet and laser printers.no jamming , clean prints b or color and easy application .
my hp printer eats ink . i was very glade to be able to find this cartridge at such a great price .
i got these for my cookbooks for easy recipe access . works well an stay's on forever . i have older ones and there still on .
its an old school phone that works . setup in 30 seconds . not much you need to know on this one .
setup was easy , printing is good and fast , i am very very pleased with this printer , prints quickly and with excellent quality .
i love these mailers for the shirts i make , easy to use strong , and they hold up to mailing very well !
great quality multi-purpose paper for your home printer . bright white . text and pictures come out crisp .
these are nice quality color chalks which work well , but a better thought out package / carrying case would be a nice addition .
product was as advertised . it installed easily , and i got 2 of them , so i have a spare when this one runs out of ink .
very sticky tape that works very well . i wouldn't recommend it if you just need some double sided tape that isn't extremely sticky .
brother makes a great tape writer the 6mm wide tape is just the right size to lable the end of a dvd or cd disc case
great little stapler - solid construction , with good depth and good penetration ( 20 sheets , with a good sharp punch ) . i bought 5 .
great pan ! i got it for my wife because she had heard about it from her friends . it writes well , and is not very expensive .
this is a nice case for the ps410 600 dpi color / mono handheld scanner . very soft will pockets and webbing inside .
i will not purchase this product again . it broke right away , due to my work schedule , i was not able to return earlier .
this product is very useful and helpful to me and prints out quality pictures with my printer . therefore , this is a good product .
a good basic micro-cut shredder . the shred basket is small , which means less time between emptying it . but the price is right .
does not jam in the copy machine nor in a printer , good color , very good quality paper and good price .
this purchase was not what i had expected , therefore i can't give it justice with a review ! i had need of a different type mailer .
this is a good printer for the money . i purchased this printer for our small church office , will do nicely . would recommend .
absolutely brand new perfect hp ink , at a fraction of the cost . i definitely will order again when i need it .
the price is good . i donated to school for school suppplies . the clips are good on the fingers to press .
now i can print pictures of my grandson from my cell phone & camera and display them in my memory albums .
if you are doing any laminating , then these pouches will work just fine . they are just as easy to use as the other pouches you can buy .
why buy anything but hp ink for an hp printer ? excellent price , adequate shelf life , works as ink should . a deal !
this phone is great , especially for a small area . this fits nicely on my armoire desk and works great . the display is easy to read .
not much to say . got it on time , popped it in , worked without issues . yay .
as advertised , happy . i like this shape for the tip of the container . not much else to say about something like glue .
this copy paper is brighter than your run-of-the-mill copy paper and i am extremely pleased with it . will buy again .
this works well for " gluing " items that would do poorly with a traditional liquid glue . it works well for gluing photos and so far seems strong .
it's really hard to beat sharpies , and these did not disappoint . several months after buying them , they are still working great with vibrant colors .
do i need to say more . scotch is trusted because they make the best adhessive products on the market . works for me
these labels are ideal for my printer and easy to peel off . i would recommend them to anyone in the market for these types of labels .
i use these envelops every day for my online business for sending packets and legeal papers and it makes it so easy to function in my business
this product is described 10 out of 10 . if you want a binder , buy a binder . high quality , hasn't ripped after 3 months .
this paper tray is very practical and strong . if you are looking for a paper tray for everyday use this is a good one .
this case is a perfect fit for the magic wand , a great product . it's nice and light , and provides good protection for the wand .
i have all ready rayted this item.the folders were not the kind i needed but they came in handy for other uses .
great as you can buy a whole lot of paper at one time and have a great supply at a great price .
i keep this product on hand for every day use . i have them on the desk an din my purse . they last a long time .
i tried a refilled cartridge and that was a huge mistake . i will only go with the brother tn450 high yield toner from now on .
have never gotten a bad canon ink cartridge.now the re cycled ones , i have.keep canon for canon products.the business delivered when promised and packaging was great .
dont know how i would live without it ! these things are simply amazing . voice quality is great . no complaints . another great item by plantronics
these are well made and have several uses . i keep these on hand and use them as binder clips as well as a handy clamp for craft projects .
you get forty of each of the colors : blue , red , green and yellow and they stick just fine .
i use these cards to store my collection of recipes on.they fit very well in the boxes . i seem to collect more every year .
these are small and a bit flimsy . i guess i didn't read description closely and these turned out to be quite tiny .
good scale . love the price . it seems pretty accurate so far . it measures the weight pretty quickly . very please for my small business
size is perfect for me and it opens envelops with ease . i also use it to open boxes , slide on the tape and they cut .
purchased this product before . i use them on a regular basis and they are pretty durable and easy to store .
had been buying from staples 100 box , it's like getting 250 free envelopes when i purchase it this way ! good price , similar product .
this paper is fine for the price . it is very cheap so i would not recommend it for important papers .
these boxes work very well . they're sturdy and convenient . highly recommended . they easily fold when not in use . box quality is very good .
hl10 handset lifter works great , very fast to pick up if away from the phone base ! i would buy again .
high post it quality . work , well . easy to remove off the plastic page protectors . easy to write on with a sharpie and easy to see
this is a much better unit price than going to local office depot or staples for smaller quantity . sturdy enough .
great ink flow , nice finish ... the bottom of the pen is just too small for normal size fingers , hard to get a grab on it ...
it should not be this hard to peel.it does not peel.it should be easy . i threw the bag of sheete in the trash . waste of money .
it is always easy to order from amazon.com . the items are usually shipped immediately . the toner cartridge is a good price and a good product .
what can i say unique about post-its ? they do the job ... quality paper , good adhesive , and they are colorful and attention getting .
have had these in the printer for at least three months . no problem at all . excellent results . plan to re-order soon .
these tapes are good quality . they are not too invisible however , they dont stand out like the rest of the tapes .
stick great easy to print on very good labels not too much to write but they are good ! thank you
great ink cartridges . original hp packaging . have never had a bad one or any failures . will continue to buy these .
excellent tape , easy to start , never sticks to itself , very thick , high grade . i'm ordering again .
these little pads are so much more convenient to handle and store compared to the sheets i used to buy . the labels peel off easily and stick tight .
rolodex office products are one of my favorite office storage savers , for all the small stuff , have needed one for a wile should have bought sooner .
bought 2 of these for work & they are fantastic . they are thick & very durable for chairs to roll over many times a day .
since my stapler is pretty old , did not think i would find staples that worked . perfect i am happy great .
tested and tested this stapler and conclude this to be a well made quality product . bright red and it won't develop legs and walk away now .
for the price , they work great for our classrooms and do not break easily when they are dropped on the floor ...
very colorful , will use for varying subjects ... finance , entertainment ( dvd / music lists ) , cooking & general writing of my grand thoughts .
works great for gift wrapping . i buy a 3 pack every year to wrap christmas and birthday presents . will buy again and would recommend to a friend !
i've used these sharpies all my life so they are nothing new to me . they always do what they say they do and this one is no different .
i have love plastic folders sine my dad used them in his dental office . these are very nice & firm but open easily
parker ballpoints have always worked very well . this one is no exception . delivery of the pen was very slow .
considering the grotesque cost of ink cartridges , this vendor gave very good value for the money .
i would recommend getting this to wrap all your coins . this makes it easier to bring them to the bank and deposit it .
highly recommendedbest color print paper that i have used . worth the extra cost , which is not that much . try it . you will like .
i haven't use them yet but they are a nice size & light weight . will use them for art projects
bought this pack for my printer and it worked great . no problems with the ink , but i just wish they would last longer .
it works well and continues to function as expected the volume is some what limited thus more expensive than one would like .
its a post it note hard to screw up . just wish i did not have to buy my own office supplies
i have used this from day one in my office so cool to have things at my fingertips when i need them
they are good sized post its i . very nice colorsnot much to say about a post it , but we like them
these staples are great . they go through the papers with no effort and work great with the stapler that i bought
never seems to be worth getting junk ink . buy the real deal in this case . not the cheapest but works great .
we love the ease of use on the labels . with an easy peal they adhere quite easily and sufficiently . definately recommend .
i laminate letter size paper for signs to be used at church . the laminating material is of high quality and helps to make the project look professional .
not a lot to say here . its a 3m product which i believe 3m makes some of the best products gone . works well first time everytime ! !
is very easy to operate label maker . works great for kitchen jobs as spice labels and is handy for tool boxes in labeling sockets and wrenches .
at first thought maybe these seem a little pricey but after using them will continue to buy confidently , makes a picture worth 2000 words after laminating .
one of the tabs ripped while i was trying to get the paper tabs in and out . other than that , the set has held up well .
i use this toner all the time for my office and have no complaints . long lasting and is great quality .
high quality consistent color , and yes , not cheap , so i save this printer for the larger prints . works well with icc color profiles in photoshop .
i like using avery labels because the templates never fail . these address labels are easy to peel off and work well for mail merges .
just does the job for stapling large sets of paper . it is important that the user follow the guidelines for the appropriate size staple for each size job .
very much like all of the other lables i use . correct size . they will be used up soon so i will order more
this tape is not as strong as regular packing tape and is noticeably thinner . it is however fine for labeling a package with fragile contents .
i ship everything using this tape , it works well and never had a problem yet . i plan on buying in bulk .
i can fit a lot of paper work its perfect if you are a self-employed personthe color was a nice touch
perfect for my little one's nursery . we are using it for pictures and reminders . it would also be great in an office .
i have long since stopped buying remanufactured ones and what a rip-off that was ! this is an oem product and works fine .
this is a good price . it was the perfect replacement ... i have no complaints . it is what i expected in a print cartridge .
not bad . if you can get it at a better price than the 3m it will do the trick . at the same price stick wih the 3m
i've been using kodak printers exclusively for a few years now . they do a good job and their cartridges are reasonably priced .
not bad . writes well and doesn't smear , but i seemed to notice it running out of ink a little quicker than most pens .
i like these tabs because they stick out past the loose-leaf paper so you can see them . i would buy them again .
for $ 10 , the quality of these cards was a great deal ! they made a great gift for my sister with a pack of stamps .
good price and good product from bic . always in need of pens . a box of 12 pens u can keep 6 nd give 6 away
great for the money . we like it and the mouse behaves well on it . small , super lightweight , but rubber back keeps it from moving .
great strength . not flimsy like other brands and much easier to get off the roll than other brands . works well with my tape gun .
love this tape . thicker than most . doesn't " fly back " and stick to itself like the thinner types do . would buy again .
love to have these on hand . very good quality and now i never have to run out . what else can i want ?
like other products developed by 3m it works as advertised . call this rev 2 of post-it notes !
i looked all over and these sharpie markers were as good as two for one.it is a great brand at a great price .
this item works the way it is advertised - - no complaints here . shipped on time , no issues with the packaging , no defects on the item .
great packaging tape and it definitely last a good amount of time . this is the best packaging tape out there .
avery-dennison economy round ring binders are very durable and they are the perfect size for my paperwork that i use as a reference when i blog .
does what it does and has what it said.works good so far.buy it when you can have compatible staplers
i needed new highlighters so i purchased this set because of the sharpie brand . fun colors and i really like the addition of the purple one .
cheap replacement cartridges do not work well in brother printers .. stick with the brand name ... just my opinion but i hate returning stuff !
yep , it's a box of paper ... that's what it is ... a big heavy box of paper ... it's paper ! what more can i say ? !
standard filler paper , slightly on the thin ( translucent ) side but works well for writing notes and such ...
... and use it for light items only . then you will hopefully be very satisfied with this great product . particularly good for mounting small plastic electronic widgets .
i don't know how long this thing is going to last , so i'll give it 4 stars for outward appearance of quality .
normal dry erase markers . work as expected . nice thin clean lines and can't write pretty small with the thin ones . spray is nice to have too
easy to install . yields good clear black and white copies with no spots or streaks . lasts through thousands of copies .
the design is good and the clip seems adequate ... for some reason , these are cheaper online than from the retailer ( even in bulk ) ...
use these bags daily , they are very sturdy and have not had any rips yet.using them as mailers for soft items .
i used these for addressing christmas cards and they worked great.they were easy to set up and use , adhered well and they looked great !
my new printer is working wonderfully ! i've made copies on color and printed things from my computer.didn ' t know wireless printers worked sooo , well .
finally i found the pen i need & it flows over the paper so easily ... bought a few more now .. thanks for good delivery !
this pad makes my mouse glide too quickly sometimes . i have adjusted many times however . overall , fair priced item .
these pouches work well the the fellows exl 45-2 laminating device . these are great for photos and id cards no matter what the project is .
this paper is actually better than i thought it would be . it's strong and holds pictures beautifully . will buy again .
i bought these for my scotch tape holder and i couldn't find a better price anywhere else . its a lot of tape .
good for absent-minded people like me - you cannot make mistakes with this one - one piece at a time .
it works fine , but there's nothing special this stapler in either its looks or functionality . i didn't feel a significant reduction in effort in stapling pages together .
i liked these yellow legal pads . they tear very easily at the top , like they should , and do not rip unevenly
it's paper , it's white , it does not jamb in my machine , and the price is right . what more is their to say ?
i love this . it is so easy to use & in a way better than the one that sits on the desk . makes nice lables .
i use these over labels that won't peel completely off when returning an item that doesn't come with a return label .
very good price ! this will last a long time ! does it job and that's all there is to it . great price !
a must at the office . everything requires labeling with a permanent marker . don't know how we would function without a sharpie
this scanner is a nice scanner if you don't mind that it is a bit slow . in would buy another if i needed one .
i use xerox paper and just wanted to try this one outits esentially the same thing so both got my 5 stars
worth the price i paid for it . have definitely had and used better mouse pads but this one is not bad at all .
have been using this for a college math class . does everything i need it to , and a lot more that i have not figured out yet .
these are wonderful ! they're seriously durable . very impressed by this product . so much better than those manilla plastic tabbed dividers . i'll never use those again .
we use these pens in our clinic because they're an affordable and good fine point . i just wish they didn't disappear so often .
scotch tape is very useful for packaging small packages and wrapping presents . this 3m tape is high quality . be sure to pick up a goodquality tape dispenser .
standard size , true black color . there are plastic dividers with tabs inside that help organize your folders . the cord works well in the front .
this is a great printer . the photos are crystal clear and does not fade after printing . i would recommend this printer to the beginner photographer
use this on a canon ix6520 and the pictures came out like the original canon oem . very cheap and will recommend it .
this is a great product . works well , perfect for mailing addresses . highly recommend .
i have had no jams with these staples , they work very well and i would recommend this product . for jam free stapling .
... stick pins . there isn't much i can say about them . i guess i could say they stick good and quantity plentiful .
more tan than yellow , these self-stick notes are otherwise indistinguishable from the standard 3 " x 3 " sticky " post it " notes .
love the quality . just wish the price wasn't so high . my star rating is for the quality . price gets just 1 star .
these for some reason were hard to erase from the board , not sure why . i had to use a cleaner .
it made my life easier when i have to open 20 mails a day . this is very easy to use
has non slip bottom and not one staple jam . you will not go wrong and its built tough with great material .
the title probably says it all , using it on a canon printer i had nothing but satisfaction for a very convenient price . recommended .
i use this paper for my small business and have always been impressed with the quality of the paper and , most importantly , the price is right .
i really like the colors of these page markers . they stick quite nicely and i have had no problems with them at all . the colors are fun !
they are what they are brown envelopes and they arrived on time . i guess i am supposed to say some more so there .
the card stock is much thinner than expected.as such , these are way overpriced.they did feed well through the printer , however .
still trying to find that perfect paper , but this one is pretty good . semi-high-gloss for what it's described as , otherwise great !
color coded files make it easy to organize . the tabs are easy to insert and are held in pretty secure .
i have always been a fan of post-it notes . these are comparable and a bit cheaper so i will order more .
i'm happy with the price of these in bulk ... much better than buying them individually . it does what is expected !
i like that fact that these are clear . when putting on a colored envelope they look super .
great price for ink . i like it and the xl extends the pages you get for print . i would recommend it .
great colors and sizes . arrived fast . office is happy with the purchase / .
i first looked at this glue as a thicker version of elmers glue but it's much better once you use it for cloth to anything gluing .
our parts room uses this particular tape to be able to quickly identify specific types of equipment to better serve other departments .
this tape is a bit more transparent and smooth looking than the regular scotch transparent tape . just as useful in my estimation .
the tabs are handy - - come in a row on a board so the different colors are not all loose once you open the package .
tired of your black and white printouts being fuzzy on an ink jet ? easy to set up . single sided only .
adorable dispenser for any fashionista in your life ! heavy enough to stay put when you take out a note .
easy to put together , easy to use , and more than comfortable enough . i purchased this for a friend and he is more than happy with it .
love the fact that these markers are so easy to erase . it keeps the board looking clean and makes erasing a breeze . highly recommend these markers !
good quality ink , works well . i just wish it was less expensive or lasted longer . otherwise , i recommend it without hesitation .
seemed to be full yield . i didn't have any leaks like some other users had . they seemed to work as described
not much to say , its an envelope . they seal is very good , much easier than licking envelopes . cheaper than staples , cant be the price .
this product does exactly what it purports to . another great product from the people who brought you the sticky note !
just the right size and worked like advertised . i would recommend them to friends . now i can try the more expensive sizes .
i love kodak products i have not opened the kodak esp 2170 all-in-one printerby kodak yet and i will this weekend .
there isnt much this has to do other than be in the right position to rest my wrists on it . it does that .
these refills simply rock ! besides the hassle of getting your hands dirty they work great even when printing documents and even actual photos !
it's tape ... and several rolls of it . good price and arrived quickly ! not much else to say except cheaper than big-box office stores .
loved these folders - - durable , good quality , and perfect for my small business presentations . very affordable , fast shipping . will definitely purchase again .
i bought this to hang my badge on my belt . it is very durable and the reel mechanism is perfect . seems durable and hopefully it lasts .
i cant complaini am really happy and it works well best of all is the price ! ! ! nothing more to say
these are great for seperating my lectures ... teachers that list their lectures by number rather than date ! love it .
this stand looks really nice and does it's job well . i have one at work and home and it is great for freeing up some desk space .
it sticks , it works as described and seems to last . $ 5 for 60 inches is too expensive but that is a competitive price for this junk .
this tape does exactly what it claims to do ... your presents will look impressive ... with no signs of the tape . i would definitely buy this again .
use this to hold my note 2 on my desk at a good angle . best 2 bucks spent ever . nice metal construction is good quality .
this combo pack is not that common to find . it offers multiple colors that can replace the cartridges already in use .
very good for mailing confidential documents . the thickness prevents material from being viewed from the outside . also the self adhesive strip seals securely .
boy do i like these sticky notes . they are just the right size , and they stick very well . i would highly recommend them .
works really well . the colors come out nice and bright , even white is bright and strong .
this is an effort by the manufacture to make some old things into new uses . ok at that .
this is a great little fountain pen ~ the quality surprised me since it is disposable . well worth the $ 3.99 i paid for it .
be sure you heat sealer can handle the thickness of these sheets . most don't . you cant go wrong with 3m products , and this is no exception .
best corded phone on the market - - voice quality , lighted keypad , small footprint . it's everything i need .
i got this to help me organize an inventory of my craft room . i am very pleased with the service i have gotten . thank you very much
this toner leaves gray streaks and random bits of black toner everywhere . i'd recommend another brand . i've tried them all and linkyo is the best .
thiis brother 3/4 " yellow with black type tape can be read clear across a room . i lable everything so this is just the ticket for me .
these work just as described , blending multiple colors / layers of artist colored pencils . you might want to order 2 packs because you go through them quickly .
i've never had a laminator before - i love it ! works great and such a big help for homeschooling !
like most canon products , this photo paper is very good quality . i ran some photos on my i960 with excellent results . i highly recommend this item .
so easy buying ink on line as it was getting so hard to find it in my home area . thanks . will certainly buy this way again !
no problems . arrived when supposed to and product fine.canon products for canon printer makes me feel more comfortable than with refills .
the rings open up too easily an then after not long , they don't even close correctly .
excellent quality for the home office and work very well and sufficient for my needs . will order again when i need some more .
i use only canon cartridges for my canon printer . i recommend that everyone else do the same .
not a lot to say about notebook paper . this is clearly lined and average weight . one of those staples everyone needs on hand .
nice but not great . i like highlighters that glide on , but these seem a little too think to me , almost like markers . pass .
great product . everything i need as a finance guy . all i need now is my books to be this cheap .
the brush ends make these very different from traditional ones . they are fun to use for things like creating hand made posters . vibrant colord . recommended .
i'm using these as labels on plastic containers and on files . that's a good use for them , imo .
these are my favorite pens . they may not have comfort grips , but they write very good . especially for the price , you can't beat it !
great heavy duty tape for taping boxes . sticks well and holds even heavy loaded boxes . i would recommend this brand for both mailing and for moving boxes .
this comes without any phone cord hookup , therefore , i did not like it . i returned it for a refund . would not recommend .
having been using this product in the office , i decided to purchased it for personal / home use . it's a nice product to have available at home !
i gave this to a group of college students that do a lot of group study with a dry erase board . they told me that it's great .
this is a great product at a great price . i love this product . protect small breakable items , in moving , storage or mailing .
does exactly as described and doesn't pull off the ink off of the paper . they are easy to load the pages as well .
this helps soooooo much with my travels with my small business . very light , folds up & down so easy . biggest helper i have !
i really like these for flagging pages in current reading , and they are particularly easy to use and attractive in this package .
this is an excellent printer with great capabilities . it would be an asset in any object . i always like cannon products .
it's ink . there are 3 cartridges . it fits my printer . it's a brand name product so it would be pretty bad if it didn't work .
you can look at all the features and you will see just how great these phones are . i love them ! no problems ! love the block feature !
expo non-toxic green whiteboard cleaner 22 oz spray bottle.works really well , even on marker that's been on the whiteboard a long time .
this is a nice little inexpensive handy gadget for your desk if you use a lot of post it notes .
i ordered this to put my business cards in . it does the job . nice price , looks okay . good for basic business cards .
pretty good product for the money , it is handy , does the job and the solar cells work too . i like the color
the cartridges are cheaper than , say , parker cartridges for a reason--they are simply smaller . ink is nice , but cartridges are too small .
just paper clips ? nope . these are high quality and jumbo . i can't recommend them highly enough - best paper clips i've used .
what a great product . i write many documents , and this will give my presentations a very professional look . i would highly recommend this product .
ordering on line some things are just better priced . good packing tape that stays in place and the doesn't curl up in the heat .
distinguishes the type of product inserted in the scanner . a document and a photo can scanned together and the output is saved according to the product type individually .
have used this many times before and this site had one of the best prices . crisp colors and quality paper
i was amazed at the beautiful cartridge i have never seen such a beautiful cartrigde ... amazing how do they do it ? ?
but i'm glad we bought it . great product and very functional . fun design and not nearly as cheap as you would expect it to be .
very sturdy and good features . just install it an inch or two deeper than instructions state , otherwise it sticks out past the front edge when fully closed .
i love this product however the loops aren't really tight so if you don't roll it right the pencils will fall out
this looked like a good idea , but ultimately is only slightly more convenient than having a stack of notes without the dispenser .
what can i say . they got here fast , works like they should and i have no complaints . i love these things . awesome !
great colors ! it's so nice to have the right tool for the right job - - if you have to do jobs that require tools . thanks avery !
very good quality paper at a great price . the product came fine with no damage . the paper prints fine through my laser printer .
love these . they don't bleed , no nasty smell , lots of great colors . use them all the time .
these are just good old fashion ball point pens with a good fine point . great for entering info in small spaces
this thing is awful ! it is bulky and way too busy with all of the bold lines everywhere . it's already in the trash !
use with canon printer and canon inks for outstanding color prints . have compared canon to other papers , and canon papers always is my choice .
what can i say - it's scotch tape ! it does what it's supposed to . it arrived brand new in the package .
i purchased this calculator because it has solar , as a gift for my sponsored child in africa . xxx xxxx xxxxx
you wont be disappointed in this pen , it writes , sits in your pocket , makes a handy thingy to chew on .
if you need to perform heavy duty stapling , look no further . the only down side is , you need to purchase optima staples which are pretty pricey .
we have only used it for a month , but so far it seems to work really well . quality is good .
these laminating pouches work as expected . the size is accurate . the quality seems fine . i would buy these pouches again .
this is a very cute machine perfect to laminate credit card size documents . works great and excellent buy . i do recommend for small scale projects .
when ours arrived , i was pretty excited to get it out of the carton . this is so sturdy , and looks good , too .
purchase this for my new epson workforce wf - 2540 wireless all-in-one color inkjet printer copier and 100 % please , highly recommend this for this printer
basic cheap phones . instructions a bit awkward , not as intuitive as could be , set up the basic features and gave up on the rest .
i've tried many different phones and answer machines - this one is the best so far . the optional waterproof hand set is impressive - definately waterproof
works as advertised and is easy to use . keeps my shredder humming . i recommend it to all shredder owners who want to maintain their shredders .
there's a certain satisfaction in a product that functions exactly as advertised . this is basically the post it note turned into a roll of tape and works perfectly .
this is a nice set of five gel pens.the " clicky " type we all like.they do not leak or " splotch " great for writing cards , etc .
these worked out great for my middle-schoolers assignment at school . they were easy to use and sturdy . what more could you want ?
prints clean and clear , if you reset it , see google , it lasts even longer . saved alot of money on ink with this one .
i am an organizer ... and i use these to organize my account records . if you are an organizer ... these are handy to have and use .
many nice features with wireless connection and print from anything capability . unfortunately it is priced higher here than elsewhere . over priced by about thirty dollars .
it is a double sided tape ... and it works ... i guess only if the price will be a little lower it will be even better
this is a good calculator , does what it is supposed to , great color , easy to take on the road when i travel .
they are the basic , no frills , thumbtacks i was looking for . i havn't had any issues with breakage or dull points as of yet .
these pouches work quite well when used with the amazon thermal laminator.they flow through the device without sticking and they attach well.good no nonsense product .
the ink has always worked well . i tried generic , but canon ink is far superior . the best way to purchase is a 5 pack .
very good quality dispenser and will hold up with lots of people in the office messing with my tape and product .
this is a great leather note pad . the price was reasonable for this product and it came with pads which i was not expecting .
built the way they used to build them . no namby-pamby soft springs or wiggly parts.ergonomic , streamlined and solid . a worthy utilitarian tool to grace my desktop .
these are a nice quality label . if you use them it is worth a try . i've always liked 3m products and this is no different .
i've used sticky back velcro a number times over the years for projects and usually gunk up my scissors . this cut really well without the added gunk .
product works great ... nothing much more to say as it does what it's supposed to do ... i find most all brother products to be quite good ...
what a great deal . new great grandson and lots of pix e-mailed , so a lot of pix to print out . this works great for me .
this is a light weight velcro with adhesive that seems strong enough . more white than transparent . good to hold paper and other light materials together .
this ink for my epson exprssion printer is great . the crisp black on my documents looks great . it would better if it last longer .
works well . lioke the high yeild of the toner . i use my printer a lot and use a lot of ink . it is a good price .
used these at a job i use to work at . got some for my business as i travel . works great !
these zebra retractable ball point fine point pens are great . they write beautifully and don't skip . i highly recommend them .
good product , quicker service than ordering from hp . wish it wasn't so expensive for the amount of stuff it prints
hard to wax really eloquent on labels , but these are efficient , super-sticky , and bright . i like them a lot !
you are more likely to lose these before you use them all . i'm a student and staple constantly , and yet i've barely put a dent in this .
no problems , every cartridge has worked well . we are a medium level user , i would say , and they are alright .
these ink cartridges work perfectly in my canon printer . i love the fact that they offer all the colors in one pack .
this is wonder paper for printing invoices and general printing . for the price from amazon you cant beat the bargin you get
i love this card stock . nice weight , nice white tone , and the ink-jet prints on it are superior . they make it easy .
these ink cartridges have worked well and save money . one of the best reasons to buy and use a product ...
i have used this photo paper for years and have always been pleased with it . i recommend it to anyone that prints their own pictures .
this was a deal ... about half the price of picking it up local and great quality folders that do the job right
it's a staple remover . it removes staples . nicely made materials , holds up well . i have two of them . what more can i say ?
oem in original packaging , plugged in and it works , what more can i say ? this is just what i needed .
good price , works good , sticks . it's tape for crying out loud . had some 3m that we were pretty disappointed in .
i am very pleased with this copier . it makes a good copy . i use it as my primary copier for the net .
large . heavy . good luck finding a space for it on your desk . i have it in a file cabinet and not using it .
these are great for gathering up a bunch of papers when i need to take them " to go " . much more capacity than regular file folders .
it has been over a year and this phone system is still working great ! no problems at all . i give this an a + rating !
great labels , they cover up everything underneath so if you are like me and reuse your folders , they will work wonderfully ! highly recommend !
great envelopes with a very nice seal . security features make certain that your contents are 100 % private .
normally i would have to use a label maker or tape a note onto something . these nifty removeable labels really did the trick
these wrap straps are great for identifying cords by the color of the strap , and they keep the cord wrapped nicely when traveling with charging cords for electronics .
good quality envelopes with an easy to peel sticking flap . no problems here with these envelopes and decent enough quality for mailing invitations .
whenever i try to save money with cheaper packaging tape , i come to regret it . this is the good stuff .
excellent value . they are easy to open , non-messy and last a long time for me .
i like this phone because it is portable and you can take it all over my apt . it is very convenient
good to buy in bulk . we all know post-it notes , right ? so , getting it sent with free shipping in bulk is a good idea .
i have tons of pens but whenever i'm submerged in one of my writing sessions , the bic soft feels are the pens i choose . great pens .
this binder certainly seems sturdier than others on the market . corners don't crack after repeated openings or from pulling on and off shelf .
this is very good two line phone . i have been using it for more than year now and no problem so far .
the color of lamy blue ink is very nice . the cartridges are strong and well-made . a reasonable price compared to other manufacturers .
bought this for our mom who is in assisted living - we leave her notes and reminders to help her . works great just as described .
i make duct tape flower pens to sell to raise money for diabetes . i love the quality of bic pens and you can't beat the price .
i am glad i followed the manual on my fellowes shredder . keeping the shredder oiled properly really helps it running for the long haul .
this is a nice 12 pack of markers . they have the quality you have come to expect from sharpie and they mark dark and thick .
we use sticky notes daily . these are great and handy to have around the phone to leave messages for my family . always have some around :)
this is a nice heavy quality stapler - swingline always is ! i wanted something good for my husband's desk and this staple works beautifully for him .
these pens are relatively inexpensive and relatively high-end in terms of performance . i enjoy using them , and they write flawlessly . highly recommended .
works as advertised . we have used these ink cartridges for several years and have never experience any problems with them .
good quality and cheap for the amount you get . didn't come in a fancy packaging but the labels were clean and works just as the avery .
as always , this is an old faithful that never gets lost . put it on the wall and you can always find it !
this tape is much thicker and stronger than any of the packing tape i have bought in the past . it stick also sticks well .
i'm using these to make cupcake boxes and it's a great quality cardstock . folds nicely , cuts easily , and holds together well in a craft project .
how much can you say about lead refills for you mechanical pencils . pentel makes a great product . i think that is enough said .
i use this ink for my home based small business . it is adequate ... exactly what you would expect from ink designed for inkjet printers .
i have tried different types of paper but this kind is the best . the print quality is on point for my photography business .
this is a great stapler from the stapler masters , swingline.it takes normal , regular standard size staples that are sold at many stores.recommended .
fantastic price for these poly mailers . i love using these to send packages , they work well in the mail and are tough .
it works . buy nothing but the original . using other than canon and you are asking for trouble .
i bought this after i saw the great reviews on it . i neglected to investigate if it is mac compatible . had to return it
i really like these pens . they flow smoothly and really fit your hand properly . i bought a set of black , blue , and multi-colored .
great product , clear scans . nice size for the home office . highly recommend . great addition to my computer desk .
amazon consistently beats the retail price on this product . i order them about twice a year - like socks , i don't know where they disappear to !
just like in my office - - - plain , understated but holds an incredible amount of pens , scissors and other things - - - highly recommend ...
very good product to use for times when you need temporary tabbing for a project . when done , remove and reuse .
if you're looking for the little page flags , these are the ones i highly recommend . they are more effective and easier to use than that other brand .
too much fun . just as great as here comes the abcs . go . get it . you know you want it !
would review this product , but , it arrived with the pen shattered and dried out completely . so now i have to buy my own pen .
works well for a basic model-efficient use in shredding-glad to find one at this price .
nice cards , low price , free fast shipping . i am happy for sure !
i am very satisfied with these labels . they are easy to work with and look great .
this does its job well on mx 882 and mx 892hate it when cheap ones don't work but these work well so highly recommend
every time i look for these pens they are gone because everyone likes them as much as i do . the price was also very reasonable .
it is so much easier to mail stuffs now . i sell stuffs on ebay a lot , this is a great investment
not really as soft as i would have liked it . because of this , it's too high for my apple keyboard . good quality construction though .
accurate printing on hp multipurpose paper , but cartridge gets empty fast and must be replaced . xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx
this tool becomes very easy to use once you get familiar with it . only problem i have is the teeth to cut the tape seems a little dull .
except to itself . it's good enough for sticking paper to paper , or maybe a wall , but anything heavier might not bond very well .
these envelopes are not as big inside as they say they are . i had to run my hands i side the sides to loosen them enough to fit .
i poured 128 fluid ounces of tuscan whole milk into this and it leaked all over my fridge . a poor quality product !
i use this to laminate photos or business cards . this is perfect for what i needed it for . i also want to laminate newspaper articles
